
--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136148.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136148.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136148

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136149.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136149.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 02 May 2013 16:35:16 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2).jpeg; image(3).jpeg 
Hey Jeffrey, 
> How have you been? Its been too long..!! i miss you... 
> As for me, Ive had much better days..!!! I am having serious issues with the place i live and the
re not 
willing to renew my lease, plus are looking to evict me asap.. I have court next 
Ind can't 
even afford a lawyer.. 
> I am really nervous and dont know what to do, or where to go to.. The only place available i can try to go to is 
my grandpas home in
vhich is really a last resort as its tiny and he lives with his wife.. Plus so far 
away from my life here in the city, work, etc.. I havent been able to get in contact with our friend Leon who I 
was working with since i got back from M2 
months ago and am really struggling and running out of 
resources.. Is there any way you could help me with a place to stay at least for the month of may? Or know of 
anyone who could possibly help me in some way? My birthday is tomorrow and I cant even get excited with this 
apartment issue making me so nervous... i dont want to be homeless!! :( 
> Big kiss.. ale 
Ps. I attached some recent pictures from your favorite Brazilian sisters.. ;) 
The last picture is me and my Brazilian friend who moved to NYC. I've told her all about you and she's hoping 
to meet you soon! 
EFTA01136149
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136150
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136151
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01136152

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136153.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136153.pdf
----------------------------------------
FINANCIAL ANALYSIS SUMMARY 
Leon D. Black 
President and Managing Member 
Hamlet Holdings LLC 
Date 
STATEMENT OF ASSETS 
PREVIOUS 
NET WORTH 
CURRENT 
SUBMITTED 
NET WORTH 
U0=4 
3(31/15 
Ditbramat 
lisibann 
Comments
Please complete the detailed schedules listed for all of the assets, both tangible and intangible. heti by you. your spouse and your Dependent Children. on the appropriate schedule as noted below. 
Enter the amount as of the date of this Statement. All listed assets must be described fully on the appropriate schedules attached. The -totals" should transfer from the detailed schedules to this 
summary page. 
STATEMENT OF LIABILITIES 
Please complete the detailed schedules listed for all of the liabilities of yoursetl, your spouse and your Dependent Children, on the appropriate schedule as noted below. Enter the amount as of the 
date of this Statement. Al listed liabdities must be deserted fully on the appropriate schedules attached. The 'totals' should transfer from the detailed schedules to this summary page. 
EFTA01136153
--- PAGE 2 ---
Schedule A - Cash in Banks 
Hame(.). Address & Telephone 0 
Nansels) APPeallad 
Applcant: Loan D. Black 
Accaunil 
DON 
hPe al 
Waal 
oaxa 
CImM 
EFTA01136154
--- PAGE 3 ---
Name(s), Address & Telephone 0 
Manx(s) Appearing 
Account 
Date 
Type of 
Interest 
Date of 
Current 
TOTAL: 
EFTA01136155
--- PAGE 4 ---
Schedule B • Accounts & Notes Receivable 
Name. Address & Telephone 
Number of Debtor 
Date 
Original 
Incurred 
Amount 
TOTAL: S 
Applicant Leon D. Black 
Unpaid 
Interest 
Maturity 
Balance 
Rate 
Date 
Pur 
se 
NOTE THAT AS PART OF RECENT ESTATE PLANNING. LEON D. BLACK ENTERED INTO VARIOUS TRANSACTIONS WITH FAMILY TRUSTS. 
THESE TRANSACTIONS GIVE RISE TO RECEIVABLES AND PAYABLES BY LEON D. BLACK TO FAMILY GRANTOR 
TRUSTS FOR WHICH LEON D. BLACK IS GRANTOR FOR INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THESE INTRA•FAMILY TRANSACTIONS 
ARE ZERO SUM TRANSACTIONS AS ANY RECEIVABLE IS EQUAL TO A PAYABLE. FOR REPORTING PURPOSES. THESE TRANSACTIONS ARE NETTED. 
Collateral Securing 
Account or Note 
EFTA01136156
--- PAGE 5 ---
Schedule C - Stocks, Bonds. Notes & Debentures 
Name of Issuing Company 
Type of 
No. of 
of 
Applcani. Leon D. Black 
Purchase 
Date of 
Nome al 
Annual 
Curren? 
Prosy Plebe 
Dab of 
EFTA01136157
--- PAGE 6 ---
Marne of Neuing Company 
Type of 
Ma. of 
ff. of 
PUIChiSO 
Date of 
Narne 
Mnual 
Cunenl 
PIoaPPMUgo 
Date of 
TOTAL: 
hl 
EFTA01136158
--- PAGE 7 ---
SS;Mu11'IP
 n- BP ininoss InvesimeatA 
Business Irovtirnen. 
Type a 
Ho. ol 
PveNse 
Dale of 
000ICIAt 1.00A D.131Ek 
Saw le 
%el 
EFTA01136159
--- PAGE 8 ---
Susness Irrresiment 
Type et 
I 
rt n 
ND al 
Pwcr., re 
Oa* et 
Name in 
Annual 
wren 
'1/2 el 
Ouriness 
Pr. 
Ve 
NNeh Nei 
• or, 
p 
nl 
inn. 
TOTAL: $ 
EFTA01136160
--- PAGE 9 ---
Schedule E - Real Estate 
Applicant: Leon D. Black 
Address 
ft Street. Clt & Si.. Parcel Lot 11 
Owner of 
Property 
Purchase 
Record 
T •e 
Pricer Date 
Encumbrances 
Annual 
% of 
Income 
Ownereht 
Current Value 
of % Owned 
Names of Other 
Owners & %Owned. 
TOTAL: 
EFTA01136161
--- PAGE 10 ---
Schedule F - Life Insurance 
Name. Address & Telephone is 
of Insurance Carrier 
Policy 
Date 
Number 
Issued 
Applicant: Leon D. Black 
Beneficiary(ies) 
Face 
Value 
Annual 
Premiums 
TOTAL: $ 
Cash Surrender 
Value 
EFTA01136162
--- PAGE 11 ---
Schedule G - Pension / Retirement Funds 
Name Appearing 
Type of 
Type of Securities 
on Account / Fund Account I Fund Held b Account / Fund 
Em • lo =r / Institution 
Number 
Contributions 
Contributions 
Value 
Applicant: Leon D. Black 
Name & Address of 
Account / Fund 
Employee 
Employer 
Current 
TOTAL: n= 
EFTA01136163
--- PAGE 12 ---
Schedule H - Vehicles 
T 
of Vehicle 
Specify if 
Date of Purchase 
LA_p_plicant: Leon D. Black 
Model 
Cimed'Leased 
or Lease A• regiment 
Year 
Make & Model 
of Vehicle 
Purchase Price! 
Current Market Value 
Cost of Lease 
If Owned 
TOTAL: S 
EFTA01136164
--- PAGE 13 ---
Schedule I - Other Assets 
of Asset 
Date of 
Purchase 
Applicant: Leon D. Black 
Purchase 
Price 
% of 
Current Market 
Ownershl • 
Value of % Owned 
TOTAL: 
Other 
Information 
EFTA01136165
--- PAGE 14 ---
Schedule 
Accounts Payable 
Applicant: Leon D. Black 
Name. Address & Telephone 
Date 
Number of Creditor 
Account Number 
Incurred 
Due 
Date 
Interest 
Monthly 
Rate 
Payment 
'0 
S 
Unpaid 
Balance 
EFTA01136166
--- PAGE 15 ---
Schedule K - Taxes Payable 
Nature 
Date 
AppLcart: Leon D. Brack 
Original 
Fines. Penalties & 
Taxin • Authorit 
of Tax 
Due 
Obli • ation 
Interest, If An 
Total Amount 
Due 
TOTAL 
S 
Other 
Information 
EFTA01136167
--- PAGE 16 ---
Schedule L - Notes & Loans Pavables 
Name. Address & Telephone 
Date 
Original 
. 
. 
nu. 
I 
Unpaid 
Applicant: Leon D. Black 
Payment 
Interest 
Maturity 
r• so • • 
• 
; • 
o.• 
TOTAL 
$ 
EFTA01136168
--- PAGE 17 ---
Schedule M - Mortgages Liens Payable on Real Estate 
Applicant: Leon D. Black 
Name. Address & Telephone 
Date 
Original 
Monthly 
Unpaid 
Interest Maturity 
Number of Creditor! Account if 
Incurred 
Amount 
Pa ment 
Balance 
Rate 
Date 
Address of Real Estate 
lien! Mort 
TOTAL 
a 
Description 
Position of 
EFTA01136169
--- PAGE 18 ---
Schedule N - Other Liabilities 
Name. Address & Telephone 
Date 
Original 
TOTAL 
Unpaid 
Applicant: Leon D. Black 
Payment 
Interest 
Maturity 
Description amiror 
EFTA01136170
--- PAGE 19 ---
Schedule 0 - Conti n aent Liabilities 
Apptcant Leon D. BIad 
Name. Address & Telephone 
Date 
Original 
Unpaid 
Payment 
Interest 
Maturity 
DescantIon anceor 
Number of Parties 
Intuited 
Amount 
Balance 
Amount i Ponied 
Rate 
Date 
Conatetal 
Purpose of Liability 
TOTAL 
EFTA01136171

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136172.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Twitter <1 
To: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: Tweets from Eric Schneiderman, WFAN Sports Radio, and 6 others 
Date: Thu, 02 May 2013 18:13:29 +0000 
Jeffrey epstein, 
Here's what's trending on Twitter this week. 
Eric Schneiderman @AGSchneiderman 
My office supports Jason Collins& all #LGBT athletes. We'll 
defend their right to harassment-free workplace cc @Slnow 
NBA player Jason Collins says he is gay 
This story appears in the May 6, 2013, issue of Sports 
Illustrated. 
RELATED TWEETS 
R  II R IRIRIRIRI
Apr 
;.‘ 
WFAN Sports Radio 
'-AN660 
Mike Francesa asks #Jets GM hard-hitting questions in an 
exclusive interview. Listen here and read the transcript. I 
cbsloc.al/Zyn3mu 
ON WFAN: Mike Francesa Asks Jets GM Hard-
Hitting Questions In Exclusive Interview 
The two discussed the fate of Rex Ryan, the quarterback 
competition, the current roster, the future of the franchise and 
much, much more. 
;11 
; 11I RELATED TWEETS 
Apr 
Azi Paybarah @Azi 
.@MikeBloomberg attacks @nytimes & @nyclu for what he 
says is a racial double standard capi.tl/ZxWlf3 cc: 
@DylanByers @mlcalderone 
Apr 
Bloomberg attacks the Times and NYCLU for what he says is a 
racial double standard 
Mayor Michael Bloomberg today accused the New York Times and civil-libertaries 
activists of a form of racial bias, for focusing criticism on the NYPD's stop-and-frisk 
program instead of on shooting victims, who are... 
Iii 
I 3 
RELATED TWEETS 
_ 
EFTA01136172
--- PAGE 2 ---
R., 
Eater NY @EaterNY 
Eater Interview: Chef Daniel Boulud on New York and the 
 Story of Daniel eater.cc/13FdaD0 
Chef Daniel Boulud on New York and the Story of 
Daniel 
A man known for his charm and enviable supply of energy, 
chef Daniel Boulud always seems to be moving on to the next 
thing. It's both strange and pleasant,... 
IR' RELATED 
TWEETS 
Apr 
FLOWS @FLOTUS 
So proud of you, Jason Collins! This is a huge step forward 
for our country. We've got your back! -mo 
RETWEETS 
Apr 
Emily Lee @emilyleee 
Apr 
Our really literate response to #TheFollowing season finale 
2  2RE7VVEETS 
Kaitlin Crean @4loveofcarrots 
Had so much fun meeting @WebGirlKathleen 
@theCarlaMarie @RadioBethany @MaxElvisDuran 
@GregTtheFratBoy and everyone else @ElvisDuranShow 
; I I 3RETWEETS 
Spencer Cammarano @hencespence 
I really despise Emma, but I'm really envious of how cute 
she looks with a pixie cut. #TheFollowing 
I
I
F
!
'
2RETINEETS 
Apr 
Apr 
Don't miss out. Stay up to date on what's happening. 
Go to Twitter 
EFTA01136173
--- PAGE 3 ---
Forgot your Twitter password? Get instructions on how to reset it. 
You can also unsubscribe from these emails or change your notification settings. Need help? 
If you received this message in error and did not sign up for Twitter. click not my account. 
Twitter, Inc. 1355 Market St.. Suite 900 San Francisco. CA 94103 
EFTA01136174

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136175.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Warren Eisenstein czMI
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeproject@yahoo.com> 
Subject: NYC 
Date: Fri, 03 May 2013 04:03:12 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Dear Johnny, 
It's taken me this long to calm down emotionally and finally write this to thank you for setting up NASCAR with 
a
nd 
and the apt. In NY, and Janusz driving us anywhere and everywhere in the DirtBrotherMobile. 
oved him... We even took him to lunch with us at Randazzo's. It was funny because he doesn't eat fish. 
Luckily they had a chicken platter... He inhaled it. He sho loved them French Fries!! 
This was an amazing 4 weeks thanks to your friendship and generosity 
( yeah, I know STFU ). I'm glad I got to see you, and will continue doing everything I need to do to stay around a 
while longer ( yeah, I know STFU ). Oh yeah, the Oreo ice cream was creamy-GREAT!! 
I love ya Johnny ( yeah, I know STFU ) 
And, I never say shit like this unless I have some serious shit going on....like the 
Thank you 
Thank you 
Thank you 
( yeah, I know STFU ) 
Keep on Pushin' 
Warren 
PS: I'll send the party photos as soon as I get them. 
EFTA01136175
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136176

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136177.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: John Brockman <1 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: news 
Date: Fri, 03 May 2013 14:53:26 +0000 
Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg; bt.jpg; 4013981839774534580.png 
Eastover Fann 
JE, 
At farm, in and out. Give me a call above # or mobile and check in. In the meantime, news: 
1. The press likes EDGE: 
20-second clip of Fareed Zakariah on CNN extolling "This Explains Everything": 
http://www.edge.org/Fareed.Zakaria.GPS.4.7.13.mov 
"The most stimulating English-language reading to be had from anywhere in the world." 
—The Canberra Times (where, exactly is Canberra?) 
2. Just back from Cambridge - EDGE interrogates Napoleon Chagnon! Amazing day. 3 hours of video - coming 
soon, 
L-R: Dan Dennett, Napoleon Chagnon, David Haig, Steven Pinker, Richard Wrangham, JB 
EFTA01136177
--- PAGE 2 ---
3. THINK ABOUT NATURE (working title) 
A Conversation with Lee Smolin - coming soon 
hr Edge Video 
http://www.edge.org/conversation/think-about-nature 
user: 
password: 
4. I am narrowing it down now to a monthly Edge OpEd, the normal length for a NYTimes piece 1,000 to 1,200 
words asking major people to make an important argument. Interested in picking up the German end?? 
5. Just closed Brockman, Inc. Ap30 year-end. Two magic five letter words change everything: C-H-I-N-A and K-
O-R-E-A!!! And it's all because of "Mr. Max" (as he is called). They seem to like dynasties. See: 
http
y/1 0w.IpAd 
6. Advice re EDGE ripoff - does this cross the line?? 
http://edge.bigthink.corn/
Experts 
We have unparalleled access to leading thinkers, influencers 
and doers. And. the lessons they share are completely unique 
to Big Think. 
tr9;1,9,k Edge 
WATCH TRAILER 
Our Delivery 
Edge content is in manageable units and tagged by 
subject area and is highly f lexible in its delivery 
capabilities. 
All content is SCORM compliant (can be fed into a 
company's learning management system) and includes 
bi-monthly. interactive. live-streamed we binars with 
notable business experts. 
Madge 
I NNOVAT ION 
SM. 
awe. 
let • 
rdiv}OnalL 
a 
'WAX 
EFTA01136178
--- PAGE 3 ---
4r( CoktVerfAliOlet I
 A CAM 
i 
for innomiion." 
JB 
John Brockman 
Mobile 
-JOHNSEELY BROWN Legendary innovator 
A continuous learning platten ciliated t h n 
big 
by top thought leaders to enhance 
k 
your organization's learning culture. 
Edge 
President 
Edge Foundation, Inc. 
tel 
fax: 
Visit EDGE at: http://www.edge.org 
EFTA01136179

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136180.pdf
----------------------------------------
11101,411311Yi 
muntainviornat 
cite FLTI 'tan 
MU 
max a 
LTV. Ivo. 
sow- era. 
~Ma, 
EFTA01136180

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136181.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.corn> 
Subject: FYI 
Date: Fri, 03 May 2013 18:34:40 +0000 
Attachments: SICMBT_C25313050310270.pdf 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From:  
Date: May 3, 2013 10:27:29 AM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01136181

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136182.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 26 May 2015 15:54:29 +0000 
Attachments: Lettre_ de_ recommandation 
Pdf 
The headmaster of my school sent me today my recommandation letter :)))) He has been s000 nice !!!! 
EFTA01136182

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136183.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136183

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136184.pdf
----------------------------------------
, - 
ter
• 40, .. 
,..v.y. •••• „IL,' • y„" 
el,5 W. 
a
leAlt"Aritilts ,
, 
EFTA01136184

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136185.pdf
----------------------------------------
.•• - 
• 
_ 
- 
aro% ' 
41-
EFTA01136185

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136186.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136186

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136187.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136187.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Skype 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: You have a new voice message 
Date: Sun, 5 May 2013 03:26:39 +0000 (GMT+00:00) 
This is an automated email, please don't reply. 
Hi there jeffrey epstein, 
You have a new voice message 
left by lawkrauss. 
Sign in to Skype to listen to the message. 
remsivvv.anywc.t.
If you no longer want to receive email alerts about new voice messages, unsubscribo now. 
Talk soon, 
The people at Skype 
Lost Password 
Account Settings 
Help 
Terms of Use 
Privacy 
Getting help for Skype 
While you cannot reply to the email. you can contact us through our help section for assistance. 
You can also visit our forums. 
Protect Your Password 
Skype staff will NEVER ask you for your password via email. The only places you are asked for your password are 
when you sign in to Skype or on our website if you want to buy something or check your account. You will always 
sign in via a secure connection, and we ask you to ensure that the address in your browser begins exactly like this 
https:llsecure.skype.com It should also show a little padlock symbol to indicate the secure connection. 
Be alert to emails that request account information or urgent action. Be cautious of websites with irregular 
addresses or those that offer unofficial Skype downloads. Security updates and product upgrades are made 
available at www.skype.com or using the client's upgrade function. 
@ 2003.2013 Skype Limited. Skype Communications S.a.r.l. 23.29 Rives do Clausen. L•2165 Luxembourg. 
Skye°, associated trademarks and logos and the "S" symbol are trademarks of Skype. 
EFTA01136187

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136188.pdf
----------------------------------------
Formatted Name 
Reza Pourmohammadi 
Categories 
Turkey 
Email • Internet, Home, Pref 
Email • Internet, Work 
Name 
Reza Pourmohammadi 
Program ID 
Telephone Number • Cell, Voice, Pref 
Telephone Number • Work, Voice 
Telephone Number • Work, Fax 
Unique Identifier 
VCard Version 
3.0 
X-ABUID 
A29D8072-7AEA-4DF3-AF6B-0D494424377B:ABPerson 
iteml 
Address • Home, Pref 
Country Code 
us 
EFTA01136188

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136189.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136189.pdf
----------------------------------------
Employer Information for O-1 Visa Applications 
L Legal Name: Enhanced Education (aka J. Epstein Virgin Islands 
Foundation, Inc.). 
2. Federal Tax ID Number: 
3. Telephone number: 
Fax number: 
Email address: n/a 
Website: www.jeffreyepstein.org 
4. Physical Address (not PO Box): 6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3, St. 
Thomas, USVI 00802 
5. Physical Address where the personnel files are kept, if 
different: Same 
6. Name and title of person who will sign all paperwork: Jeffrey 
Epstein, 6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3, St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
7. Current total number of employees (full and part-time): 3 
12. Brief description of your business, generally and 
particularly as it relates to this position: 
The Foundation uses its resources to support Education, 
Academic, Scientific and Medical Research and other 
philanthropic activities by educational institutions and other 
not-for-profit institutions and organizations. 
13. Company's annual gross income: * 
annual net income: 
* 
14. Date the Company was established: June 15, 2000 
• Optional. 
EFTA01136189

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136190.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136190

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136191.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136191.pdf
----------------------------------------
_ 
- 
" 
s•-• 
-.. 
- 
- 
— 
- 
-c 
mil
-  
Lb-. 
-7- - - 
- 
- 
I!! 
Zae-
i • 
Rte-
-
-
=
- 
amotimP'-=-
_ - 
- 
Heizi 
r-S_ 
EFTA01136191

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136192.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136192.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
EFTA01136192

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136193.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136193.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136193

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136194.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136194

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136195.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Bee: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Gregory Brown
undisclosed-recipients:; 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Greg Brown's Weekend Reading and Other Things.... 05/05/2013 
Sun, 05 May 2013 16:20:36 +0000 
Five_myths_about_electric_cars_Chris_Paine_TWP_April_28,_2013.pdf; 
Public_and_Private_Sector_Payroll_Jobs,_Bush_and_Obama_Bill_McBride_CalculatedRIS 
K_04_28_2013.pdf; 
The_Economy_Is_Heading_the_Wrong_Way_NYT_Editorial_Board_April_28,_2013.pdf; 
The Urban Fire Next Time Patrick Sharkey_NYT_April_28,_2013.pdf; 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
Five_myths_about_manufacturing jobs_Ro_Khanna_TWP_February_15,_2013.pdf; 
Iraq_on_the_brink,_again_Ryan_Crocker_TWP_April_30,_2013.pdf; 
May_Day_is_not_about_maypoles,_the_histoty_of_international_workers'_day_Richard_Se 
ymour_The_Guardian_May_l ,_2012.pdf; 
The_Brief_Origins_ofMay_Day_Eric_Chase_Industrial_Workers_ofthe_World.pdf; 
How_to_ease_economic_atutiety_Harold_Meyerson_TWP_April_30,_2013.pdf; 
Myths_and_Realities_About_the_U.S._Economy_Ben_Gersten_Money_Moming_April_29, 
_2013.pdf; 
Norman Ornstein and Thomas Mann Explain_Why_Congress_is_Failing_Us_Moyers_& 
Company_Apri1:26, j013.pdfc The_IsText_Wall_Street_Mega-
candal Has Arrived_Shah_Gilani_Money_Morning_May_2,_2013.pdf; 
Meshell_Ndegeocello_bio.pdf 
DEAR FRIEND 
After doing a "last review/edit" of my Weekend Reading and sending it to friends, being a political 
news junkie, I start the week with the Sunday Morning major networks news programs, Face the 
Nation hosted by Bob Schieffer/CBS, Meet the Press hosted by David Gregory/NBC and The 
Week with George Stephanopoulos/ ABC. Since in LA they all concurrently broadcast at 8am, I 
record them along with Chris Matthew' half-hour weekend news show on NBC for later viewing. In 
addition to their round table panels of usual suspects including, George Will, Newt Gindrich, Mathew 
Dowd, Chuck Todd, Kelly O'Donald, Bob Woodward, Andrea Mitchell, Dan Rather, David Ignatius, 
Peggy Noonan, Cokie Roberts, David Brooks, Sam Donaldson, Fareed Zakaria, E.J. Dionne, Jr., Robert 
Reich, David Gergen, Peggy Noonan, John Dickerson, and Norah O'Donnell, this week's special guests 
included Senator Lindsey Graham on CBS, Senator John McCain on NBC and Representative Mike 
Rogers on ABC, to allow them to `Monday Morning Quarterback' the past week's political events and 
decisions. The problem with all of these shows, it that they are often use to settle scores and advance 
ideological positions, with sound bites being presented as solutions, pro and con, just in case one is 
correct. And because great humor is often based on a foundation of truth, what President Obama said 
at the Press Dinner last Saturday is true for the Sunday news programs — "... I know CNN has taken 
some knocks lately, but the fact is I admire their commitment to cover all sides of a story, just in case 
one of them happens to be accurate." 
House Intelligence Committee chair Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich., said this morning on This Week that 
"some action needs to be taken" against Syria for its alleged use of chemical weapons, saying that the 
red line "can't be a dotted line." Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., said Sunday on Face the Nation that 
"there's a growing consensus in the U.S. Senate that the United States should get involved." "If we 
keep this hands-off approach to Syria, this indecisive action towards Syria, kind of not knowing 
EFTA01136195
--- PAGE 2 ---
what we're going to do next, we're going to have war with Iran because Iran's going to take our 
inaction in Syria as meaning we're not serious about their nuclear weapons program," he said. "We 
need to get involved." And on Meet the Press, Senator John McCain auguring that the United 
States should be arming the rebels, using airstrikes to attack Assad's forces and create a safe haven for 
refugees. What all of this really means, no one knows, because as we know from Viet Nam, Iraq and 
Afghanistan, without clearly defined goals, strong partners and total international support, the 
aftermath will most likely end up as a disaster. The first rule in drinking, if you don't know sip slow", 
and in international diplomacy, "when you don't know move slow." The President is right to dial back 
the "red line", especially when none of his options are good and there is no clear long-term goals or 
strong local partners. Leaving Afghanistan in the hands of Karzai and Iraq with Chalabi, Allawi and 
Maliki has proven to be a disaster, and in Syria it could be even worse. 
Although I applaud John McCain as a patriot, he is totally out of touch with reality. This is a person 
who believes that the Surge In Iraq was a success, when in reality is was a temporary band-aid that for 
a time, overwhelming several violent factions while paying off others, but doing nothing to address the 
underlying core problems and dysfunctionality in the country. I believe that Lindsey Graham is right 
when he says that Syria looks like it is going to end up a failed state. As such I believe that tjat Senator 
McCain and the other Sunday experts are wrong when they insist that American should act alone, 
when there is nothing that the US can do other than putting a band-aid on a festering situation, 
especially with little or no public support at home, and regional non-existent partners, will put the 
blame on the last man standing. Because of this, all of the President's options are bad. Bombing a 
foreign country is -- an act of war, however you spin it. And as Collin Powell once caution, President 
George W. Bush V it breaks you will own it", the same is true in Syria. It is estimated that 70,000 
people have already died in Syria as a result of this current civil war, and to use the death of 20 to 3o 
more as a pretense to go to war seems a bit hypocritical to me. Although Sarin is categorized as a 
WMD, less people died worldwide during the same period in the US due to firearms. Still, 
we couldn't even get background checks approved in Congress last week. I watched the Sunday 
Morning News Programs, with their guests advocating that we do something immediately, even when 
they all agree that there are no good options. Maybe when there are no good options, we should wait. 
And if this is truly a problem, let's wait for the Arab League, EU or the UN to take the lead, because as 
General Powell explained, if we break it we will end up owning it." And the Syrian war, will be our 
war.... game-changer or not. So again, if you don't know, sip slow. 
Jon Stewart On Syria's 'Red Line': Republicans Think 'Freedom Magic' Will Win 
War (VIDEO) 
Video Clip: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/01/jon-stewart-on-syrias-red n 3192131.html 
If Lindsey Graham has his way, the U.S. soon will be fighting four wars. On Tuesday, Jon Stewart took 
a look at Obama's "red line" that Syria may or may not have crossed by using chemical weapons, and 
then took apart the Republican march to war, but not "boots on the ground" war. Apparently, we'll be 
fighting this one with "remote freedom magic." But Stewart gave Graham some credit when he said 
we just have to get the right weapons to the right people. "Oh, the right weapons to the right people... 
maybe we could do background checks." Isiah, that'll never work." Jon Stewart 
Please watch the above video clip, to truly see the absurdity of the ill-thought advice that the Sunday 
News Programs experts presents week in and week out. 
EFTA01136196
--- PAGE 3 ---
Actually it was kind of nice to see five Presidents representing both parties, putting aside partisan 
bickering and gushing over the one thing that everyone could agree, George W. Bush is a true patriot 
and a good man. And having met him when he was Governor of Texas, I can confirm that from my 
meetings, he is both. Even after personally believing that Cheney and others stole the 2000 election on 
his behalf (no different to what happen forty years earlier to Nixon as a result of voter irregularities in 
Cook County), like with JFK, I hoped that this injustice might produce something positive, as George 
W ran on a platform of Compassionate Conservatism. And he might have gotten there if it weren't for 
Cheney, Rumsfeld, Wolfowitz, Rove and others who subverted the White House for political, personal, 
ideological and economic gain. Economic yes, because how else can you explain how trillions of 
dollars were spent or diverted to special interest and the rich with so little to show for it. As Deep 
Throat use to say, "follow the money". 
The issue is that I really can't whitewash are the failures of his administration, no matter how many 
supporters try to rewrite history so that his legacy can be redeemed, similar to what has happen with 
Harry Truman. Like LBJ's legacy will always be linked to Viet Nam, Nixon's to Watergate and Carter's 
to American hostages in Iran, George W. Bush will and should always be painted with his biggest 
blunder -- the senseless failed Iran war. When asked what was the biggest problem was when he first 
arrived in the White House at the tender age of 31, George Stephanopoulos replied, "everything is 
magnified." He described having a great day in the White House Press Briefing Room, and his Mother 
calling to say that she saw him pick his nose while on camera and as a result, she will never be able to 
face her friends at the hairdressers — thus both mistakes and/or successes are magnified beyond 
sensible proportion. But this is not true for the 2nd Iran War. 
The difference here is not one of magnification. George W's disastrous war, cost the lives of more than 
4000 Americans, hundreds of thousands Iraqis, made refugees out of millions more, costs trillions of 
dollars and totally destabilized the entire political balance in the Middle East, for decades to come. 
And depending on who you speak to, it is now considered the number one or two worse foreign policy 
blunders in the country's history. But even if we cut Iraq out of the equation, his ruinous economic 
policies of lowering taxes and raising spending taking the country from a $230 billion surplus to a $1 
trillion yearly deficit, the gutting of regulatory controls that enabled the housing bubble and Wall 
Street malfeasance that caused the worse economic crash since the Great Depression, poor response to 
Katrina that left thousands of New Orleans destitute (and the President "Brownie you're doing a good 
job"), the utter mismanagement of the War in Afghanistan and finally 9/n(the Bushes knew the bin 
Laden family personally and as a result George W. did not take CAI and State Department warnings 
about Osama seriously), because as Harry Truman use to say, "the buck stops here" (the President's 
desk), these catastrophes should certainly place the Bush/Cheney Administration in the Pantheon of 
the "worse ever Presidency." 
My father use to say, "that history is always rewritten by the winners." And like everyone else, 
President's should be allowed to make mistakes, and not be tainted forever as a result of one, two or 
several miscalculations or indiscretions. Ronald Reagan got beyond Iran-Contra and the Marine 
Barracks massacre to become the most popular Republican since Abe Lincoln (who 
actually wasn't popular when in office) and somehow Bill Clinton got beyond Monica Lewinsky and 
Somalia, to now become the most popular former President in the world. But in this moment of 
Kumbayah we should rightfully be put aside Presidential mistakes. But if we do not want to repeat the 
past mistakes, we should not allow history to be white-washed. As a result we should always recognize 
that slavery, the Holocaust and child labor and child soldiers/armies in the past and present are 
blights on humanity, should be acknowledged and not white-washed, so that they never happen again. 
As a result, the same should be said for the Bush/Cheney Presidency, even though like President 
Obama said, I personally believe that George W. Bush is a good man. And obviously his mother agrees 
with me, based on what she said on the Today Show last week,"/ think it's a great country. There are 
a lot of great families, and it's not just four families or whatever. There are other people out there 
that are very qualified and we've had enough Bushes." 
EFTA01136197
--- PAGE 4 ---
"No taxation without representation" is a slogan originating during the 175os and 176os that 
summarized a primary grievance of the British colonists in the Thirteen Colonies, which was one of the 
major causes of the American Revolution. In short, many in those colonies believed that, as they were 
not directly represented in the distant British Parliament, any laws it passed taxing the colonists (such 
as the Sugar Act and the Stamp Act) were illegal under the Bill of Rights 1689, and were a denial of 
their rights as Englishmen. The phrase captures a sentiment central to the cause of the English Civil 
War that led to the creation of the United States. Obviously our current congressional representatives 
in Washington have loss sight that they serve at the pleasure of the people who voted them into office, 
and as such should enact their wishes. 
More than half of Americans agree with the Obama administration's contention that the economy is 
being hurt by the spending cuts prompted by the sequestration, according to the latest New York 
Times/CBS News poll. About one-third said the automatic cuts to military and domestic programs 
that went into effect because President Obama and Republicans in Congress could not agree on a 
budget plan would have no effect on the economy one way or the other. Just 1 in 10 said the automatic 
cuts would help the economy. And economist are now almost in universal agreement that austerity is 
the wrong direction. Even those who supported sequestration, including Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.) 
who appeared on Wednesday's edition of "All in With Chris Hayes," admitting that the 
government's priorities on sequestration were not carried out in the right order, citing that payments 
for cancer-related drugs and services should have priority over the recent air traffic controller 
settlement. 
But let's not limit this to economic matters. In the wake of the Newtown massacre, 90% of Americans, 
including almost 8o% of NRA members now believe that there should be background checks on 
anyone purchasing a firearm, still with 54 to 46 vote in-favor, gun control legislation was shelved. And 
with more than ii million people living in America illegally, many for decades with children who were 
born here, supported by a majority of American favoring a passage to citizenship, congress still 
appears to be slow-walking legislation that would address this grievance. Obviously a major part of 
the problem is hyper-partisanship. But the Big Ugly is Republican leaders' desire/intention to make 
Obama a failed President. As a result, I Agree with the President when he chides Congress telling them 
that they should act as adults. And I urge everyone of you to make our political representatives know 
that the current dysfunctionality, will not be tolerated and that there will be a price paid on Election 
Day. 
This week in Money Morning, journalist David Zeiler wrote - What America's $2 Trillion 
Underground Economy Says About Jobs. Although I totally disagree with the premise of his 
article that Obamacare and other regulations enacted during current administration has caused the US 
underground economy to balloon to $2 trillion annually. By "underground economy,"Zeiler is 
talking about all the business activity that is not reported to the government, which includes a growing 
number of people getting paid for their labor in cash. 
That means the shadowy figures of the underground economy - the drug dealers, Mafia godfathers and 
tax cheats, for example - now have a lot more company. But most of these new participants in the 
underground economy are ordinary hard-working Americans, who are increasingly taking jobs that 
pay "under the table" either because nothing else is available or they need a second source of income to 
make ends meet. America's underground economy is nothing new, but since the Great Recession hit in 
2009, experts estimate it has doubled in size, driven by unemployed or underemployed people 
desperate for income. 
EFTA01136198
--- PAGE 5 ---
My belief is that many in the underground economy are folks (like my mother who was a domestic 
worker for fifty years), including handymen day-laborers, construction workers, childcare workers, 
illegal aliens and domestic maids like my mother. And most of these people have been trapped in the 
underground economy for years. And the number one reason is that paying workers off the books has 
great appeal to employers, who then can avoid paying benefits and taxes, as well as to get around 
regulations that protect workers' right. And as more people are now working from home or have had 
to take on second jobs, much of this increased business activity goes unreported. But the balloon is a 
result of companies moving full-time employees to private contractor status, and the growth of many 
more working from home. 
Even the workers getting paid under the table don't get-off scot-free. They forfeit contributions to 
Social Security, which will greatly reduce benefits in their retirement years, and get no healthcare, paid 
vacation or other benefits. And they often end up with lower average pay to boot. "People who do 
these types of jobs run the risk of getting exploited with lower pay or not being paid at all," Laura 
Gonzalez, professor of personal finance at Fordham University, told CNBC. "There could be more 
exploitation if more people are forced into this type of economy." 
Again: To suggest that Obamacare and increase regulations caused the underground economy to 
mushroom over the past couple of years, is a totally fallacy, especially since Obamacare wasn't enacted 
until January 2013, and much of won't be enacted until 2014, 2015 and later. When the truth is that 
many people's work habits have change due to opportunities on the Internet and because many 
companies now outsourced former in-house activities both here and abroad, in search of increased 
corporate profits. And with more than it million illegal immigrates who technically are not allowed to 
participate in the formal economy, a fast-track to citizenship, could quickly add millions to the tax 
rolls. 
One of the problems with the main-stream press today, is that if the news isn't sensational it is 
ignored. As such they concentrate on buzz words such as WMDs and foreign born terrorists, when the 
truth is that including 9/11 terrorists have killed 3,033 people in America while in the decade of 2000 
to 2010 445,000 people have died as a result of traffic accident, 485,000 patients have died from 
hospital infections, (not infections that you came in the hospital with but infections contracted when, 
of instance a doctor wearing a tie that got into your soup). But the most dangerous place is your 
couch, because three million people died as a result of obesity related diseases. The World Health 
Organization says that 150,000 people die every year from immediate causes as a result of 
the environment And 13 people go to work every day who don't come home because of work-related 
accidents, while the Home Land Security budget is $6o billion and the EPA budget is $8 billion a year. 
Shouldn't the main-stream media try a little harder to explain to people what is really killing them, 
instead of them playing to the cheap seats. 
As most of you know, I am a big fan of Bill Moyers and last week on Moyers & Company, political 
scholars Norman Ornstein and Thomas Mann explained to Bill that Congress' failure to make progress 
on gun control last week — despite support for background checks from 90% of the American public —
is symptomatic of a legislative branch's dysfunction, partisan ravings and obstructionism. 
Web Link: http://billmoyers.comisegment/norman-omstein-and-thomas-mann-explain-why-congress-is-failing-
us/ 
A year ago, the two — who had strong reputations as non-partisan analysts — decided to speak truth to 
power with their book It's Even Worse Than It Looks: How the American Constitutional 
System Collided with the New Politics of Extremism. In it, they argue that congressional 
EFTA01136199
--- PAGE 6 ---
gridlock is mostly the fault of right wing radicals within the Republican Party who engage in `policy 
hostage-taking"to extend their political war against the president. What's more, Ornstein and Mann 
say, the mainstream media and media fact-checkers add to the problem by indulging in False 
equivalency" — pretending both parties are equally to blame. 
"Sadly, divided party government, which we have because of the Republican House, in a time of 
extreme partisan polarization, is a formula for inaction and absolutist opposition politics, not for 
problem solving,"Mann tells Bill. Ornstein says, "Some of this is coming from the kinds of people 
who we're electing to office, through a nominating process that has gotten so skewed to the radical 
right. But some of it is an electoral magnet that pulls them away from voting for anything that 
might have a patina of bipartisan support because they'll face extinction." Yes, it takes two to fight, 
but it only takes one person to throw the first punch, and the first punch was thrown the first day that 
President Obama took office on January 20, 2009, when behind closed doors Minority Leader Mitch 
McConnell urged fellow Republicans that their #r Priority was to make Barrack Obama a one-term 
President. And nothing has changed 
****** 
In a new article at the U.K. site eFinancialCareers, that I found reprinted in the Huffington Post 
- Bankers Explain How They Cannot Possibly Live On Si Million Pay - with several 
bankers explaining that they have legitimate reasons for needing more than one million British pounds 
(about $1.6 million) per year in pay -- more money than most non-banking types could ever figure out 
how to spend. In a nutshell, it's all about psychology. Abraham Maslow clearly should have added 
"crap-tons of money" when building his hierarchy of needs. "It's really not that unusual to find Wall 
Street bankers who are close to declaring themselves bankrupt," Gary Goldstein, co-founder of U.S. 
search firm Whitney Partners, tells eFC's Sarah Butcher. "Some people are really struggling." 
See web link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVCAfGwXoqA
The entire story -- the latest in a series of jaw-dropping articles from Butcher, who is becoming the City 
of London's version of Bloomberg's Max Abelson, reporting bankers saying dumb things -- is 
required reading for anyone trying to understand the soul of the banker. The struggles of millionaire 
bankers (in Butcher's piece most of them are men) are an important factor for heartless regulators and 
shareholders to keep in mind as they consider putting limits on banker pay in the wake of a financial 
crisis that was fueled by bankers chasing higher pay. "One million" of anything -- pounds, dollars or 
Bitcoins, sounds like a lot to us rabble, but let bankers explain to you how it's pretty much the same as 
nothing, really. 
For one thing, taxes will quickly whittle a seven-figure income right down to the mid-six figures, 
perilously close to being within sight of the middle class. Then, an ex-Goldman banker points out, with 
the mere $600,000 in take-home pay remaining, bankers still need to "pay the mortgages on, and 
maintain houses, in the Hamptons and Manhattan, to put three children through private schools 
costing $40k a year each, and to pay living costs." 
Bankers might want to shed some of these costs by, say, sentencing their kids to rub elbows with the 
filthy Poor in public schools or owning just one house. But they are under constant social pressure to 
spend and spend some more, according to another ex-Goldmanite -- who is now a psychotherapist, 
naturally. And this is before the wives get their cut. According to the bankers and ex-bankers in this 
article, there are only two marital choices available to bankers: The frumpy, educated girl they've been 
saddled with since college, or a physically attractive layabout who sucks their soul and bank account 
dry. Which only makes sense, because what other kinds of women are there, fellas? Science. 
An even stronger urge than the need to keep up with the Rotschilds or satisfy the miss-us is rooted in 
the bankers' childhoods. Every time they push a client to buy a sub-prime CDO, these bankers are 
EFTA01136200
--- PAGE 7 ---
merely trying to bring a smile to the cold, disapproving eyes of the parents looking over their 
shoulders. According to the squid/therapist quoted in the article, only "intense therapy." So you truly 
have to ask, if these new Masters of the Universe, who see themselves apart from those who make less 
are having trouble living off of $1.6 million a year, they are obviously not financial wizards that they 
claim. Whereas, anyone who is working at McDonalds earning $18,000 yearly or a family of four 
living on $50,000 a year are economic magicians, much like my Mother who raised me, making $10, 
$12, $16 a day in the 1960s. 
For those of you (like me) you probably haven't had any formal computer training and after reading 
Computer for Dummies, you trudged along learning what you can, during trial and error. To help 
both you and me Tech columnist David Pogue shared 10 simple, clever tips for computer, web, 
smartphone and camera users during a TED Talk. And yes, you may know a few of these already --
but there's probably at least one you don't. David Pogue is the personal technology columnist for the 
New York Times and a tech correspondent for CBS News. He's also one of the world's bestselling 
how-to authors, with titles in the For Dummies series and his own line of "Missing Manual" 
books. Please feel free to click on the web-link below. 
http://www.ted.comitalks/david_pogue_10_top_time_saving_tech_tips.html? 
source=facebookkUX64fReWlacebook 
The April employment numbers are in and after a disappointing March report in which only 88,000 
jobs were added to the US economy, the Department of Labor said that the nation added 165,000 jobs 
and unemployment fell to 7.5%; a solid job creation in April. What is truly encouraging is that this 
positive news comes in the shadow of the sequester's automatic spending cuts, causing federal 
government employment (excluding postal service) to fall by 4,900. On top of this the new report 
revised the March numbers up from 88,000 to a healthier 138,000, suggesting that the labor 
market isn't slumping as much as it had appeared. Many of the details of the new report also point to a 
steady job market: The drop in the unemployment rate, for example, was driven by more people 
finding jobs, not by people leaving the labor force. Some 293,00o more people described themselves 
as employed in a survey of households, and 93,000 fewer said they were looking for a job but 
couldn't find one. The ratio of the population with a job ticked up to 58.6 percent, from 58.5 percent. 
And the number of long-term unemployed, those out of work and looking for a job for more than 27 
weeks, fell by 258,000. Good news I say.... 
Some of the numbers were disappointing such as, the average workweek fell to 34.4 hours, from 34.6 
hours, suggesting businesses are relying on part-time workers and possibly reflecting the impact of the 
sequester. And a broader measure of unemployment, capturing people who have given up looking for 
a job out of frustration and those who are working part-time but want full-time work, actually rose to 
13.9 percent from 13.8 percent. But the good news is that the job gains were concentrated entirely in 
private-sector service industries: Manufacturing employment was flat and construction was down. 
Government employment at all levels—federal, state and local—declined as well. And the bright spots 
for job creation included professional and business services, which added 73,000 positions, and leisure 
and hospitality, which added 43,000 jobs. We often hear the bad news, but Friday's jobs numbers is 
solid evidence that the US economy is rebounding. Add to the employment numbers, housing prices 
posted sharp gains across the country, with 15-year fixed home loans at an all-time low of 2.67%. So 
why are we not celebrating? And why isn't Congress not doing more to push job growth. Especially 
when every economist will tell you that because of the upward momentum, if the government moved 
forward with an aggressive government jobs program, jobs growth could easily double and 
unemployment dipping another i% 
— hence back to a healthy economy. This is not rocket 
science 
Just common sense 
EFTA01136201
--- PAGE 8 ---
THIS WEEK's READINGS 
This week in The Washington Post, filmmaker Chris Paine wrote — Five myths about electric 
cars - based on his documentaries, "Who Killed the Electric Car?" ,"Charge" and "Revenge of the 
Electric Car." He writes this article to counter the debate around electric-car-maker Fisker 
Automotive, who halted production, laid off most of its employees, missed a federal loan payment last 
week and told a congressional hearing on Wednesday that bankruptcy may be unavoidable, fueling the 
debate that plug-ins cars were dead. In the article he dispels five major myths. 
1. The electric car is dead. 
Paine says that his myth is partly his fault, perpetuated by the title of his 2006 documentary, "Who 
Killed the Electric Car?" Saying that the signs back then weren't promising, when under pressure 
from car companies and other lobbyists, California rolled back its Zero-Emission Vehicle mandate, 
which had helped get nearly 5,000 electric cars on the road. The change in the regulation freed car-
makers to round up the cars they had leased — and then surreptitiously crush them. Today, almost all 
the major automakers, along with a cast of new players, are investing in and building plug-in cars. 
California's mandate has also made a comeback, and other states are considering similar rules. A new 
report from IEE, part of the Edison Foundation, projects that between 5 million and 3o million electric 
cars will be on U.S. roads by 2035. "The electrification of the vehicle fleet is a foregone conclusion," 
says former GM vice chairman (and former electric-car-basher) Bob Lutz. Having driven both the 
Fisker and its main start-up rival Tesla, I found both to have the feel of toys, except that Tesla 
developed both a sports car along with a separate sedan, and is estimated to turn a quarterly profit this 
year. 
2. Electric cars can't get people where they need to go. 
But ask people what their biggest hesitation is about electric vehicles, they're most likely to say 
something about the cars leaving them stranded. This myth is so pervasive that General Motors 
applied to trademark the name for it: "range anxiety." A controversial New York Times test drive in 
February of Tesla's Model S, which ended up needing a tow to a charging station, seemed to confirm 
the fear. But that test drive — covering more than 500 miles in temperatures as low as to degrees —
was not your everyday trip. The average American drives fewer than 4o miles a day. That's well within 
the 75-mile-plus range of most electric cars. And while batteries do run down faster in extreme cold, 
on a normal day Tesla's Model S can go as far as 265 miles on a single charge. The answer to range 
anxiety for many car-makers is the plug-in hybrid, an electric car with a backup gasoline engine. The 
Chevrolet Volt, the Toyota Prius Plug-In and the Ford C-Max Energi all use electric power for the first 
to 50 miles and then switch to gasoline for longer drives. And most Americans drive less than 50 
miles a day. 
3. Charging is a headache. 
Charging an electric car can be as simple as plugging it into a wall outlet. But AC outlet charging is 
slow, taking between eight and 24 hours. So it's not usually the method of first resort. That's why 
most plug-ins are sold with charging docks that work in a home garage and can charge a car in four to 
eight hours, allowing drivers to treat their cars like their cellphones: topping them off periodically or 
charging them up overnight. For those who don't have garages, there are now 5,734 public stations in 
the United States, many with multiple charging points. The newest generation will charge your car 
nearly to times faster than home stations and 5o times faster than an AC outlet. Tesla just installed 
several of these supercharger stations on the East and West coasts, and Nissan recently announced 
plans to install 500 in the coming months. 
EFTA01136202
--- PAGE 9 ---
4. Electric cars aren't any better for the environment. 
Electric cars have clear environmental benefits: They don't require gasoline, they don't pollute from 
tailpipes, and they operate at 8o percent efficiency (vs. about 20 percent for internal-combustion 
engines). Skeptics will cite a 2012 report from the Union of Concerned Scientists as evidence that 
electric cars aren't as green as some people make them out to be. That study correctly notes that autos 
powered by coal-generated electricity are little better for the environment than small gas-powered 
cars. But the same report concludes that "consumers should feel confident that driving an electric 
vehicle yields lower global warming emissions than the average new compact gasoline-powered 
vehicle." That's because only 39 percent of U.S. electricity comes from coal. With the retirement of 
old power plants and the addition of cleaner energy sources, electric cars will have even greater 
advantages for the environment. Another environmental concern is about batteries. Won't they end up 
in landfills like billions of disposable batteries do? No. Even gasoline-car batteries avoid that fate 
when they are exchanged and recycled. And electric-car batteries are valuable as energy-storage 
devices after life on the road. Backup power systems for utilities, businesses and homes create a 
secondary market for these batteries before their elements are recycled. 
5. Most people will never be able to afford an electric car. 
At $102,000, the base price of a 2012 Fisker Karma was clearly beyond the reach of most drivers. 
Tesla, too, was critiqued for the assumptions built into its recent claim that a Model S could be leased 
for $500 a month. (The Washington Post calculated that the monthly cost would be closer to $1,000.) 
But these two luxury cars have targeted the high-end market. By contrast, the cost of leasing a Nissan 
Leaf ($199 a month with $1,999 down) is equivalent to leasing a compact gasoline car such as the 
Mazda3 — except you don't have to pay for gas. Keeping electric car sticker prices from decreasing 
right now are low production volumes and the cost of batteries. But a 2012 McKinsey report estimates 
that the price of lithium-ion batteries could fall dramatically by 2020. As the cost of electric-car 
technology trends downward and the price of oil trends upward, electric cars should prove the more 
affordable. 
Summary: 
Without a doubt, electric cars are the future, and in the meantime, advances developed by electric car-
makers are being used in hybrid cars, such as our Prius and Cadillac, which give excellent mileage 
compared to the 12 mpg that my Jeep Grand Wagoner and 15 mpg Jaguar use to give two decades ago 
and the if3mpg my BMW gave a decade ago. As for the potential failure of Fisker, lets imagine how 
many people sailed west before the Vikings and Columbus were successful, and the thousands of 
failures before the Wright Brothers proved that man-flight was possible. A hundred and fifty years 
ago, most manufacturing was powered by steam engines, breakthrough were made and today steam 
power is obsolete while electric power trains run at speed in excess of 200 mph. Thus the same can be 
true for automotive travel and transportation of goods. 
This week in Money Morning Shah Gilani wrote an article under the title — The Next Wall Street 
Mega-Scandal Has Arrived — saying that major financial institutions haven't learned a lesson as it 
appears that they are neck deep in another new financial scandal of global proportions, as U.S. and 
international securities regulators investigating manipulation of LIBOR, the world's most important 
set of benchmark interest rates, have uncovered another price-rigging scheme, this one in the $379 
trillion market for interest rate swaps. $379 Trillion, not Billion. Trillion. And the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) has already issued subpoenas to Wall Street's biggest banks and 
is interviewing a dozen former and current brokers from the Jersey City, NJ, offices of ICAP Plc. For 
investors in the big banks, new revelations may put an end to the upward push to the groups' stock 
EFTA01136203
--- PAGE 10 ---
prices, whose earnings of late have been helped by reductions in reserves meant as a cushion against 
future asset hits and litigation expenses. 
According to a former broker from London-based ICAP's Jersey City swap desk, nicknamed "Treasure 
Island" for the huge commissions and pay packages traders there are accustomed to, brokers routinely 
manipulated prices on behalf of bank clients to benefit bank trading desks. On the other side of the 
banks' trades were tens of thousands of counter-parties who may have lost hundreds of billions of 
dollars as a result of having to pay more interest, or may have received less interest, on swaps whose 
prices were manipulated. ICAP, formerly Intercapital Brokers, initially hit regulators' radar as part of 
the LIBOR scandal. According to the July 7th, 2012 print edition of the Economist. "Court 
documents filed by Canada's Competition Bureau have also aired allegations by traders at one 
unnamed bank, which has applied for immunity, that it had tried to influence some LIBOR rates in 
cooperation with some employees of Citigroup, Deutsche Bank, HSBC, ICAP, JPMorgan Chase and 
RBS." 
Far from being in a shady corner in the world of derivatives, interest rate swaps are a mainstream 
financing tool used by tens of thousands of corporate treasurers worldwide. Interest rate swap prices 
are used to set the value of over $550 billion of commercial real estate collateralized bonds and are 
used to calculate pension annuity values and benefits. 
Big Banks in Big Trouble, Again? 
Mega-banks primarily facilitate interest rate swaps by initially taking the other side of customers' 
trades and are responsible for establishing pricing of these instruments in conjunction with a handful 
of brokers. Similarly to how LIBOR is calculated, the ISDAFIX, the benchmark series of rates used to 
price interest rate swaps for U.S. dollar denominated swaps, is convened by a "panel" of banks. The 
panel, according to the International Swaps and Derivatives Association consists of: Bank of America 
Corp., Barclays, BNP Paribas SA, Citigroup Inc., Credit Suisse AG, Deutsche Bank AG, Goldman Sachs 
Group Inc., HSBC Holdings Plc, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Mizuho Financial Group Inc., Morgan 
Stanley, Nomura Holdings Inc., Royal Bank of Scotland, UBS and Wells Fargo & Co. 
The banks submit their quotes for a range of maturities to ICAP through a secure screen connection. 
ICAP then forwards those data points to Thompson Reuters, who calculates the actual swap rates. 
Rates are then disseminated to over 6,000 viewers. 
An Easy Con in an Era of Regulation 
Manipulation of rate pricing is easy. ICAP posts rates, supposedly based on transactions and bid and 
offer quotes it receives and enters manually into what's known as the 19901 screen (named for the 
Reuters screen page number). Banks don't have to submit their own rates as part of the panel; they 
can use the suggested rates ICAP posts. Or they submit their own rates to ICAP to be forwarded to 
Thompson Reuters who calculates the final numbers. ICAP sits in the middle, entering by-hand prices 
and rates from the transactions that occur through their brokerage desk, which average a staggering 
$1.4 trillion a day. 
Not only can banks ask ICAP brokers to post whatever quote benefits the bank's internal trading book, 
whether it's to affect a positive mark-to-market closing price for accounting and profit and loss (bonus) 
calculations, or manipulate an entry price on a new trade with a counter-party, they allegedly ask ICAP 
brokers to delay entry of actual transactions until after ISDAFIX rates are disseminated. The delay can 
easily create a beneficial entry price on a trade that would otherwise be priced based on fresh data. 
Manipulation of prices and rates has huge profit and loss and mark-to-market implications in terms of 
capital reserve ratios and other bank balance sheet metrics. 
EFTA01136204
--- PAGE 11 ---
So far these allegations have yet to become indictments, and nothing may come out of any of this but a 
few little fines and some slapped wrists. And if the past is actually prologue, we can rest assured that 
no criminal charges will ever be tossed into the casino, since none ever are. And as Gilani says, "After 
all, the tumbling dice always favor the house, and we know whose house it is." Again, because 
Money Morning is a boom & gloom blog, I can't really vouch for the validity of the 
above allegations, but the fact that after all of the malfeasance of the past decade that brought the 
international economic markets and a number of economies to the brink of collapse -- this is still a 
possibility -- in-itself, is a serious problem. 
****** 
To counter the Neocons who will tell you that the Surge In Iraq work, please read Ryan Crocker's 
article in The Washington Post - Iraq on the brink, again - because the situation in Iraq has 
taken a very dangerous turn. As events there in recent days are reminiscent of those that led to virtual 
civil war in 2006 and resulted in the need for a surge in U.S. troop levels, a new strategy and very 
heavy fighting. The places where the violence has erupted are eerily familiar, as many were 
strongholds of al-Qaeda in Iraq at the outset of the surge, before the spread of the Awakening 
movement that fostered reconciliation between disaffected Sunni Arabs and the Shiite-led government 
in Baghdad. The recent events come on top of increasing incidents of horrific attacks by al-Qaeda in 
Iraq, with last month seeing the largest losses in years — and they take place against a backdrop of 
increasingly serious political discord. But do these developments require the United States to lead an 
international community response? 
Crocker (a former US ambassador to Iraq) advocates that to bring Iraqis from this current brink, the 
United States must lead a sustained, high-level diplomatic effort, because we did it in the past, 
beginning in 2007; and that we must do so again, because the stakes for Iraq and the region are far too 
high for anything less. BUT when will Crocker and neocon supporters understand that until the 
underlying issues are addressed these fixes will only be temporary? Because we have seen that 
hawkish diplomacy can lead to a slippery slope, as hawks will sooner or later will lose patience and 
demand military intervention. So we have to ask ourselves why is this our problem? If the Sunni, 
Shiite and Kurdish leaders can't resolve their differences, maybe Iraq's neighbors in the Arab League 
should take the lead. The US has spent more than a trillion dollars, in addition to the loss of more than 
400o American lives, with tens of thousands more who will need life-long assistance due to injuries 
suffered in Iraq — isn't this enough. Some wars you just have to walk away from and let time and 
others resolve the country's problems. The Russians did this in Afghanistan and the US in Viet Nam, 
and somehow the Afghans aren't sending terrorist to Russia nor are the Vietnamese sending terrorist 
to America. Maybe this is the lesson that we should learn. 
****** 
Having started working full-time (8 hours, six days a week) at the age of 15, first stamping rivets into 
electronic circuit boards in a factory that made radios and record players and then working the grave 
yard shift (11:3opm - 8am) in another factory that made Polyethelene Sheeting used for everything 
from plastics bags, drop-cloths to dry cleaning bags, making minimum wage what was $1 an hour and 
sometimes working more than 98 hours a week on the two jobs, or going to high school from 8:3oam 
to 3:lopm after working an 8-hour grave-yard shift, and by the age of 25, having spent most of my 
working life either working two full-time jobs simultaneously, or being a full time student in addition 
to working a full-time job, so I truly understand and appreciate the plight of factory workers. As a 
result, on May 1st I decided to examine the origins of May Day. Attached please find and article by 
Richard Seymore - May Day is not about maypoles: the history of international workers' 
day - in The Guardian last year chronicling the evolution of workers' rights that are celebrated on 
May Day 
EFTA01136205
--- PAGE 12 ---
It appears that May Day celebrations appeared in pre- Christian times, with the Festival of Flora, the 
Roman goddess of flowers, and the Walpurgis Night celebrations of the Germanic countries. It is also 
associated with the Gaelic Beltane. And many of the pagan celebrations were abandoned or 
Christianized during the process of conversion in Europe. In the 19th Century, popularized by 
movements supporting worker's rights and in the United States the eight-hour work day groups in 
Chicago decided to organize a non-violent general strike on May 1, 1996. On 1891 May Day was 
formalized as an international holiday in Paris. It has since become an official holiday in many 
countries where governments respect the will of working people. In the last decade in the United 
States May Day has become a site for recognition and support for the struggles of undocumented 
immigrant workers. Having work in a factory where new employees often would start their first day 
(night) grave-yard shift at 11:3opm and quit before midnight, and next to the time-clock management 
posted a notice that said, "If you don't come to work on Sunday, don't come back on Monday." I truly 
support the idea as a celebration of worker's rights. In the last decade in the United States May Day 
has become a site for recognition and support for the struggles of undocumented immigrant workers. 
Also attached please find The Brief Origins on May Day - by The Industrial Workers of 
the World, to see May Day from the prospective of unions. 
As Harold Meyerson writes this week in The Washington Post in the article, How to ease 
economic anxiety, that the general consensus is that America is downwardly mobile 
and doesn't know what it can do to arrest, much less reverse, this trend. In a recent survey 49% of the 
respondents said said that only the upper class could realistically expect to be able to pay for their 
children's college education. Another 46 percent said that only the upper class could realistically 
anticipate having enough money to cope with a health emergency or job loss, while 45 percent said 
that only the upper class should expect to be able to save enough to retire comfortably. Fully 59 
percent said they were concerned about falling out of their current economic class over the next few 
years. This survey suggests that the public is aware of this downward trend. 
Since the end of World War II the expectations of economic security and mobility that were widely 
shared by Americans and this been replaced by a pervasive economic anxiety. The problem is that 
anxiety won't change things. As Meyerson writes, "neither will the majority of analyses of how we 
got into this fix, nor will most of the (relatively few) recommendations as to how we can get out of 
it." Especially when people like former private equity banker and Obama administration official 
Steven Rattner, writing in the New York Times, "the lack of wage growth owes much to the 
continuing effects of globalization, a trend that has benefited the United States as a whole while 
hurting many workers." Good for America, apparently, but bad for Americans. Besides, he implies, 
who can do anything about globalization? It's as inexorable as the sunrise. 
Most American workers, however, are not in competition with their counterparts in Mexico and China 
— not if they work at Wal-Mart or McDonald's, on construction sites, at college campuses or behind 
the wheel of a truck. The downward pressure that globalization exerts on wages spills over to other 
sectors, but it's no more than a secondary cause for pervasive income stagnation. The primary cause is 
that, with collective bargaining nearly dead (just 6.6 percent of private-sector workers belong to 
unions), there is no pressure on American employers to share their productivity gains with their 
workers in the form of higher wages. While there's considerable pressure to boost payouts to 
stockholders. The age of shareholder capitalism, most notably proclaimed by General Electric CEO 
Jack Welch in the early years of the Reagan presidency (while Welch was furiously off-shoring much 
of GE's manufacturing), has, like the age of globalization, also coincided with the age of wage 
stagnation. 
But moving from a shareholder capitalism that has diminished most Americans' share of the national 
pie to a stakeholder capitalism that distributes a greater share of company revenue to the workers who 
EFTA01136206
--- PAGE 13 ---
produce it will require major changes to our political economy. It will require our remaining unions to 
organize millions of workers whom they don't enroll as members but who can nonetheless agitate for 
better pay and working conditions. It will require Congress, state legislatures and city councils to set 
the kind of wage standards — and not just minimum-wage standards — that workers once were able to 
win for themselves before the advent of shareholder capitalism. It will require the rebirth of the kind 
of economic left in the United States that gave us the New Deal and the four ensuing decades of 
broadly shared prosperity. Tall orders all, but the alternative is just more anxiety, and all its attendant 
pathologies. 
****** 
If you asked the average American they will tell you that government is bloated and job growth has 
been anemic under the Obama Administration. This week in an article in CalculatedRISK by Bill 
McBride - Public and Private Sector Payroll Jobs: Bush and Obama - here are some of 
the facts. After entering office in the worst recession since the Great Depression and last month the 
economy added 165,000 jobs, and since President Obama took office the economy has added almost 
2.5 million jobs, and almost all in the private sector. At the same time since Obama took office, public 
sector jobs have declined by more than 718,000. These job losses have mostly been at the state and 
local level, but they are still a significant drag on overall employment. The opposite of what most 
Americans think, because this is what Republicans repeat, over and over, even when they know that it 
is not true. 
Let's remember that when Mr. Bush took office took office following the stock market bubble, and left 
during the bursting of the housing bubble. Mr. Obama took office during the financial crisis and great 
recession. People forget that employment during Mr. Bush's first term was very sluggish, and private 
employment was down 946,000 jobs at the end of his first term. At the end of Mr. Bush's second 
term, private employment was collapsing, and there were net 665,000 jobs lost during Mr. Bush's two 
terms. With public sector jobs down over the last several years (Federal, State and local layoffs) 
dragging down the economy, now a couple of months into Mr. Obama's second term there are now 
2,282,000 more private sector jobs than when he took office. To see the difference please download 
McBride's article who expects the economy to continue to expand and as such doesn't expect a sharp 
sharp decline in employment as happened at the end of Mr. Bush's 2nd term. The facts are that 
government jobs are down under the Obama Administration and private-sectors jobs have grown by 
more than 2.5 million, compared to the 700,00o jobs loss the month that President Obama took office. 
In an editorial this week in the New York Times — The Economy Is Heading the Wrong Way 
— even those at The Old Grey Lady believes that although at first glance, the latest economic growth 
report, released last Friday, appears to show the economy revving up, in reality, the economy is either 
stuck in low gear, or worse, slowing to a stop as budget cuts harm not only the users of overstretched 
government services but the overall economy. And that this precarious situation urgently calls for 
more federal spending, not less, though that message has been lost on Congress, where the strategies 
to cut the budget have taken priority over strategies to increase growth, jobs and pay. And please don't 
blame the Obama Administration, who have been doing everything in their power to both grow the 
economy and satisfy the deficit hawks. But when you work at cross-purposes, often neither side is 
given proper justice due to compromises that water-down the strengths of their solutions. 
From January through March, the economy grew at a modest annual rate of 2.5 percent, compared 
with a measly 0.4 percent in the last three months of 2012. And although this first number seems like 
a big jump, it was less than economists expected and does not alter the big picture. For the reason that 
since the recession ended in mid-2009, quarterly growth has averaged around 2 percent. Every 
acceleration from that pace has inevitably petered out, which is why unemployment is high and pay is 
EFTA01136207
--- PAGE 14 ---
low nearly four years into what is officially an economic recovery. Looking at the underlying numbers 
there are signs in the latest report of a renewed slowdown. Excluding inventories, which tend to 
artificially depress growth in some quarters and raise it in others, growth in the first quarter of 2013 
was only 1.5 percent, compared with 1.9 percent in the fourth quarter of 2012 and 2.4 percent in the 
third quarter. Underneath it all is the fiscal drag from ill-advised and ill-timed austerity measures. 
With the expiration this year of the payroll tax break, personal income declined sharply last quarter, 
forcing consumers to draw on their savings to support their spending. This is unsustainable, presaging 
weaker consumption in the months to come and, with it, weaker overall growth. 
At the same time, cutbacks in government spending took a big chunk out of growth, reflecting, in part, 
the onset of automatic budget cuts under the sequester. The hit from lower public spending will only 
intensify in the quarters to come as the sequester takes full effect, threatening to push growth below its 
already paltry 2 percent average. There is a tendency, in the gloom, to look for bright spots. Housing, 
for example, showed continued growth in the first quarter, but it was more than offset by the drag from 
cuts in government spending. But if overall growth remains sluggish or even slows down, it could 
overwhelm the housing recovery, because the pace of home sales is inseparable from the pace of the 
economy. Without enough growth to power jobs and pay, potential homeowners will simply not have 
the income and credit profiles to buy. 
Lack of demand is also bound to take an increasing toll on corporate earnings, which also have been a 
bright spot. Already, some prominent companies, including I.B.M. and Caterpillar, have reported 
disappointing results, a reflection of waning demand not only in the United States but in recessionary 
Europe and in China, where growth has been below expectations. The longer and more widespread the 
weakness is, the less faith investors will have in the ability of the Federal Reserve to engineer a 
rebound. The real danger in the Fed's efforts to revive the economy is not that its actions will cause 
inflation - of which there is no evidence - but that they will fail to revive the economy by any 
meaningful measure, denting investor confidence and, in the process, the stock market. 
Republicans have insisted on austerity for ideological and political reasons. And to counter 
government cuts the administration has added new taxes and made investments, but the reductions 
(especially on state and local levels with teachers, police, firefighters, social programs) have result in 
deep cuts and damaging local communities. Still the budget fights continue even though the 
intellectual arguments for near-term deficit reduction have collapsed. They have endured even as the 
economies that have enforced budget cuts most strenuously have contracted, notably in Britain and in 
much of the rest of Europe. And they endure even as the United States remains impaired by fiscal 
wounds that are, unfortunately and undeniably, self-inflicted. Hopefully now that the New York 
Times Editorial Board has joined the growing number of prominent economist and think-
tanks, publicly saying that austerity is the wrong direction, our politicians in Washington will finally 
get the message. 
Now that austerity has been debunked as the economic solution to the current recession, with most 
economist agreeing that the best way for us to get out of our current economic malaise is to promote 
programs that directly create jobs — with this in mind this week I have included an Washington 
Post article by Deputy Assistant Secretary Commerce from 2009 to 2011, Ro Khanna — Five myths 
about manufacturing jobs, to address the five biggest misconceptions about U.S. manufacturing 
— and why the sector still matters. Lets start with the fact that the United States remains a world 
leader in manufacturing, and that sector remains essential to our economic and technological future. 
1. A manufacturing job is no longer a ticket to the middle class. 
There is no doubt that America's manufacturing base has declined, peaking at 19.6 million jobs in 1979 
and now at just over 11 million jobs. Despite this economic transition, U.S. manufacturing jobs are still 
EFTA01136208
--- PAGE 15 ---
worth having. On average, full-time manufacturing work pays 20 percent more than full-time service-
sector jobs. Example, electronic technicians with only a high school diploma can rise through the 
ranks of manufacturing companies to earn more than $100,000 a year. Whereas, high school grads in 
retail or service-sector jobs rarely reach six figures. 
2. We can outsource manufacturing as long as product design stays here. 
Andy Grove, the former chief executive of Intel, has famously argued that the best innovation takes 
place when design teams are integrated with production teams. Product designers can get feedback 
about the practical constraints involved in manufacturing and can fine-tune their designs accordingly. 
Apple has said that it is investing $100 million in new U.S. plants — a move hailed as bringing 
manufacturing back to our shores. However, Apple has always done most of its prototype 
manufacturing in the United States. The company may mass-produce iPhones in China, but it has 
maintained U.S. factories as laboratories to perfect its products before launch. Now, rising wages in 
China and transportation costs have encouraged Apple to manufacture some of its Mac lines here. It is 
naive to think we can keep design in America without retaining some manufacturing capacity. 
3. U.S. manufacturing can't compete with China. 
Over the past decade, the growth of Chinese manufacturing has exceeded America's, so for the first 
time, China has taken the lead in global manufacturing. Yet, for all the hype about the BRIC 
economies — Brazil, Russia, India and China — the United States remains neck-and-neck with China 
in manufacturing output, and we still far outstrip such traditional powerhouses as Japan and 
Germany. China and the United States each produce about one-fifth of the world's manufacturing, yet 
we do so with only about 10 percent of our economy devoted to that sector, compared with nearly 40 
percent of the Chinese economy. U.S. manufacturing workers are almost six times as productive as 
Chinese workers and 11 / 2 times as productive as those in Japan and Germany. 
4. Manufacturing jobs are repetitive and low-skilled. 
If you think of manufacturing as a tedious job with no intellectual stimulation, you haven't visited a 
U.S. factory floor lately. Whether making steel bars or suits for firefighters, many of today's 
manufacturing jobs require the ability to operate complex machines, math skills and an understanding 
of how to maximize efficiency. No doubt, every job has repetitive aspects. One of the advantages is 
that the best manufacturing workers are not just doing repetitive tasks; they are thinking about how to 
improve a product's design or production. 
5. Government is terrible at supporting manufacturing. 
America has long had a bipartisan consensus favoring government support for private manufacturers. 
In 1791, Alexander Hamilton argued that the nation should provide incentives and assistance to 
manufacturers to compete in the world economy. Even Thomas Jefferson came around to the view that 
government has a stake in building domestic manufacturing. These principles influenced Herbert 
Hoover, who before he was president was regarded as a great commerce secretary and provided 
financial support for the aviation industry. Later, President Ronald Reagan supported Sematech to 
help our semiconductor industry. 
Of course, America's free-enterprise system is what enables our manufacturers to be the most 
innovative. No one is suggesting that the government pick winners or losers. Some bets on new 
companies, such as Solyndra, are bound to fail. But such failures should not deter the government 
from investing in DARPA, a strategic agency at the Defense Department, or ARPA-E, a strategic agency 
at the Energy Department, which can propel innovation, new technologies and new industries. As 
such we must do everything that we can to keep manufacturers at home through tax incentives, attract 
EFTA01136209
--- PAGE 16 ---
immigrants and better prepare a skilled workforce. And we must continue the collaboration between 
government and business that helped make America an economic superpower. 
In an article this week in Money Morning - Myths and Realities About the U.S. Economy, 
Ben Gersten uses graphs to point out myths and misleading statistics about the US economy. Are taxes 
the highest they've ever been? Is the country's spending at record levels? Are the majority of products 
U.S. consumers buy produced by low-wage workers overseas? The answer often depends on the spin. 
Using Bureau of Economic Analysis's graphs, Gersten points out seven myths and misperceptions 
about the U.S. economy to give a sense of what's real and what is the twisted truth 
Myths About the U.S. Economy 
1. Are Federal Taxes at a Record High? 
Even though Americans paid a record $2.7 trillion in federal taxes in 2012, as a percentage of the 
economy, that amounted to 16%, below the long-term average. And both the Total Federal Taxes 
as a Share of the GDP and Personal Income Taxes as a Share of Personal Income, are 
both less than they were in 1971, and approximately 20% less than their high in 1999, which produced 
the first federal government surplus the following year, since the Kennedy Administration. 
2. Is Federal Debt as a Record High? 
The amount of overall debt in our country continues to reach new highs every week - but ifs not at its 
highest level in relation to GDP. As of April 2, debt held by the public was roughly $11.96 trillion, or 
75% of GDP. But federal debt held by the public as a percentage of GDP was much higher in the 194os 
and 1950s. 
3. Is Federal Spending at a Record High? 
Although Total Federal Spending, Including Transfer Payments is 2% higher than it was in 1980, it 
has come down 1.5% since it peaked in 2010. And all non-defense and defense spending are in a 
downward trend over the past 4o years as a total federal spending as a percentage of GDP. This 
includes $220 billion in federal debt payments last year. 
4. Is the U.S. Still the World's Leading Economy? 
Yes. Americans contribute an average of almost $5o,000 to the country's GDP. That's higher than the 
average contribution to GDP of any other nation. Japan: $35.000. EU: $34,000. And China: 
$9,000. 
5. Do Foreigners Own America? 
Not as much as some would think. Although foreigners own $25 trillion in U.S. assets and no country, 
including China owns more than 2.5% of U.S. assets. Furthermore, with only 5% of the world's 
population the US owned more than $21 trillion assets abroad. This does not include an estimated $2 
trillion hidden abroad. 
6. Have U.S. Companies Off-shored Their Production to Low-Wage Countries? 
EFTA01136210
--- PAGE 17 ---
The idea that the majority of products U.S. consumers buy are made by poorly paid workers is simply 
false. In fact, only i% of the goods produced and services offered by U.S. multinational companies 
come from low-wage countries, with 70% goods coming from the U.S., 21% from High-Wage foreign 
countries and 8% from Median-Wage foreign countries. Although I am not sure about these numbers, 
I included just the same. 
7. Rising of Stagnant Wages? 
Wages are growing, but barely. Since the recession, wages have grown at half the rate they did from 
2000-2007. These numbers I truly believe are distorted due to the number of people who have been 
moved or migrated into the Underground Economy, which topped $2 trillion in 2012, not to 
mentioned the long-time unemployed, many of whom have dropped out of the workforce. Please feel 
free to download the attached article so that you can review the graphs personally. 
This week I was drawn to an article in the New York Times by Partick Sharkey — The Urban Fire 
Next Time. In the article he points out that for the past several years all the ingredients have been in 
place for an urban crisis. Unemployment has hovered above 15 percent in many of our most distressed 
cities. High-poverty neighborhoods have spread beyond cities and into the suburbs. The housing 
collapse has left large sections of communities boarded up. And yet our cities have been relatively 
quiet. Crime remains at its lowest point since the early 197os, public housing complexes have not 
fallen into disrepair, and large numbers of homeless people have not emerged on the streets. Although 
it has been labeled the Great Recession, he says that it should be call the Private Recession, as 
hardships facing many American families have never made it onto the streets other than the Occupy 
Wall Street protests and Tea Party rallies, both allowing their believers to blow off steam. 
But really caught my initial interest was the article's title - The Urban Fire Next time, as it cause 
me to reflect on James Baldwin's brilliant and provocative 1963 book — The Fire Next Time. The 
book consists of two essays, both examining the so called "Negro Problem" in America in the early 
1960's ("Negro" was the term then in use for African American, and is used interchangeably with the 
term "black" in this book. The use of both terms in this analysis is therefore reflective of their usage in 
the book, and of the socio-cultural-literary context in which they were written). Themes other than 
"the Negro Problem" explored by the book include an examination of the shallowness and 
ineffectiveness of religious faith, and of inter-generational influences and relationships. I was so taken 
by this book that in my early 20s I sought out James Baldwin in Paris and we became friends to his 
death in 1987. 
The Fire Next Time by James Baldwin: YouTube Clip: htm://svww.youtube.corn/watch? 
v=d17mLJ9JGzg 
This is a book that Mitt Romney should have read, because if he had he might have understood why his 
47% comment was egregious and in a sense racist, even though the 47% included whites, but it 
included them in a way that "they are Niggers (Spics, Fags, Ragheads, Chinks, poor white trash) 
too." Also every Republican should read, The Fire Next Time, including Latino Republicans, 
especially people like Marco Rubio, who like myself try to walk the fine line between our ethnicity and 
the establishment, that tells us that our success is because we are different from our ethnic brothers 
and sisters. And if you really want to understand why Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev became 
radicalized, you too should read James Baldwin's The Fire Next Time, and substitute the word 
Negro with Muslim or Arab. And to be honest, the same is true for our foreign policy, where the term 
American Exceptionalism is often used in condescension (much like the Silent 
Majority, separating them from us), instead of a beacon of light for those who want to join. 
EFTA01136211
--- PAGE 18 ---
But getting back to Sharkey's article, The Urban Fire Next Time, he points out that the gutting of 
urban social programs that have kept minorities, the poor and the disaffected young could have grave 
consequences, and the bombing of the Boston Marathon and the Newtown massacre are the most 
recent examples — like the messages in The Fire Next Time, if heeded by the establishment might 
have reduced the angst that led to the 1960s urban riots. How many more mass shootings and 
bombings do we have to endure before our political and business leaders realize, that diluting the 
strength of the safety net that the elderly, poor, minorities and the young rely on to survive and more 
importantly to feel part of the society? 
Compare the current conditions in urban America with those in the early 1980s, when the nation saw a 
less severe recession, yet neighborhoods were deteriorating and violent crime was much higher. Cities 
were trying to overcome a range of economic and demographic transformations: the loss of 
manufacturing jobs, the migration of whites and middle-class minorities out of central city 
neighborhoods and declining tax revenues. Meanwhile, cities saw their federal aid decline rapidly as 
the Reagan administration slashed programs like the Community Development Block Grant and 
public housing. And the consequences were predictable. Housing agencies were unable to maintain 
their complexes. Public schools crumbled, police forces were overwhelmed. Public transit 
deteriorated. It took two decades for many cities to recover. But the rich got richer at the cost of 
economic inequality mushrooming. 
Sharkey believes that one of the main difference between now and then is, $840 billion fiscal stimulus 
program in 2009, the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act, because many of the largest and 
most important investments made by the "stimulus" went to institutions and organizations that were 
essential to functioning communities. Abandoned homes did not become hot spots for crime because 
almost $2 billion went to acquiring, renovating or demolishing them. As such, class sizes did not swell 
and police officers did not disappear from city streets because stimulus money was used to stabilize 
state budgets, improve under-performing schools and rehire officers for community-oriented policing. 
A historical perspective on urban policy reveals a cycle in which periods of major investment are 
followed by periods of neglect, disinvestment and decline. This pattern is in the process of repeating, 
feast to famine — promise to disillusion. Now that the stimulus money is gone, even though more than 
half going to tax breaks for the affluent, in the cycle of urban policy making, we are entering another 
period of neglect. With the impending cuts to housing, schools, and community organizations from 
the sequestration, vulnerable communities are in danger of falling apart. And to break this 
dysfunctionality a sustained commitment to urban neighborhoods is necessary to end the erratic cycle 
of urban policy, and to avoid the next urban crisis. Or as my dear friend James Baldwin called it, The 
Fire Next Time. 
QUOTE OF THE WEEK 
"I imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hates so stubbornly is because they 
sense, once hate is gone, they will be forced to deal with pain." 
— James Baldwin, The Fire Next Time 
JOKES ABOUT POLITICIANS 
During these election times, here are a few comments on politicians 
"We hang petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office." 
EFTA01136212
--- PAGE 19 ---
" Those who are too smart to engage in politics are punished by being governed by those who are 
dumber." 
"Politicians are the same all over. They promise to build a bridge even where there is no river." 
"When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President; now I believe it." 
"Politicians are people who, when they see light at the end of the tunnel, go out and buy some more 
tunnel." 
"Politics is the gentle art of getting votes from the poor and campaign funds from the rich, by 
promising to protect each from the other. " 
"I offered my opponents a deal: if they stop telling lies about me, I will stop telling the truth about 
them". 
"A politician is a fellow who will lay down your life for his country." 
"I have come to the conclusion that politics is too serious a matter to be left to the politicians." 
"Instead of giving a politician the keys to the city, it might be better to change the locks." 
"I am reminded of a joke: What happens if a politician drowns in a river? That is pollution. What 
happens if all of them drown? That's a solution!!!" 
THIS WEEK's MUSIC 
In 1993/4 my dear friend David Ellington introduced me to the music of Meshell Ndegeocello who 
is a American singer-songwriter, rapper, bassist, and vocalist. Her music incorporates a wide variety 
of influences, including funk, soul, hip hop, reggae, R&B, rock, and jazz. She has received significant 
critical acclaim throughout her career, and has had ten career Grammy Award nominations. She has 
been credited for having "sparked the neo-soul movement." Ndegeocello was born Michelle Lynn 
Johnson on August 29, 1968 in Berlin, Germany, to army Sergeant Major and saxophonist father 
Jacques Johnson and health care worker mother Helen. She was raised in Washington, D.C. where 
she attended Duke Ellington School of the Arts and Oxon Hill High School. In early press releases from 
Maverick Records (started in1592 by Madonna & Frederick DeMann) her birth year was erroneously 
listed as 1969. With 12 studio albums/CDs with several notable hits, Ndegeocello has established 
herself as a serious musician who like my idol Miles Davis and her idol Nina Simone she writes, sings 
and plays music to her own beat. With this brief overview (longer bio is attached) please along with 
me enjoy the music of Meshell Ndegeocello. 
Me'Shell NdegeOcello - 
Outside Your Door -- https://www.youtube.cornAvatch?v=CohuccUbdXM 
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — Sweet Love -- https://www.youtube.cotn/watch?v=vkyAX_P4q2w
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — 
https://www.youtube.corn/watch?v=x_7GzBHhaVg 
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — If That's You're Boyfriend -- https://www.youtube.comlwatch?v=2OiBzYckcYl 
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — I'm Diggin' You (liken old soul rer) 
https://www.youtube.comlwatch? 
v=F2AN8tuC7SM 
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — Gettin' High -- hops://www.youtube.com/watch?v—v_OSU2jLTjY
EFTA01136213
--- PAGE 20 ---
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — Soul Searching -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bo-
nAhTIrVQ&Iist=PLEDD9C43143DD3850 
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — Beautiful -- https://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=u6orCSJmWvc&list=PLEDD9C43143DD3850 
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — You Make Me Feel So Good -- https://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=NKJTRfa9xeg&list=PLEDD9C43143DD3850 
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — Call Me -- https://www.youtube.corn/watch? 
v=rNwrNp458tE&Iist=PLEDD9C43143DD3850 
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — Lilliguoi Moon -- https://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=R2TAbuwmECI&Iist=PLEDD9C43143DD3850 
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — Come Smoke My Herb -- https://www.youtube.corn/watch?v=IT7T9bCcuHs 
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — Stay -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GyUUt5NNsM 
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — Bitter -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEnz6iagZog
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — Dreadlocks -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30QtMpCnmS4 
Me'Shell NdegeOcello — The Chosen -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rm2WTwFtN 1 g 
Again, I hope that you enjoyed this week's offerings and wish you a great week 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
Gregory Brown 
Chairman & CEO 
GlotolCast Fanners. LLC 
US: 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Sk 
EFTA01136214

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136215.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn • 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gtnail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Naiad owner RIB 
Date: Tue, 26 May 2015 17:17:21 +0000 
Attachments: Naiad_7.2mjet_SYT Info_GA.pdf; Naiad_6mjet_SYT Info_GA.pdf; 
Naiad_10.5m_Twin Jet_SYT_Info_Specs_GA.pdf 
Inline-Images: 34770054-99E4-4902-B746-D87258B2E13E[43].png 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
tel
fa 
ce 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Charlie Crane 
To: ' 
'< 
Subject: Naiad owner RIB 
Date: May 26, 2015 at 1:15:17 PM EDT 
Richard 
This is three other owners RIB choices 
Charlie 
Captain Charlie Crane 
Commercial Sales 
a
stronq 
min AMINgt• RI ME 
!
W :ner
Fax: 
Email: 
EFTA01136215
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136216

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136217.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Songza.com"  
To: jeeproject@yahoo.com 
Subject: Songza 3.0 Now Available on iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch 
Date: Thu, 02 May 2013 15:55:30 +0000 
;',A giant leap forward in our goal of 
making the things you do every day 
better. 
Download the free Songza App 
„Apple 
appstore 
-,;')Googl 
e Play 
store 
on 
appstore 
onos c$1ack 
Berry 
H i jerproject, 
Songza 3.0 is a giant leap forward in our goal of making the things you do every day better. 
Install Songza 3.0 from the App Store today! 
G Apple appstore 
EFTA01136217
--- PAGE 2 ---
New Improvements on Songza 3.0 
I) When you're in a rush, a long press on any Concierge situation (e.g. Driving) immediately starts 
playing the playlist Songza thinks you'll love most at that moment. Starting your Songza playlist 
can now be as fast as turning on your car radio. 
2) Doing something special? From the Concierge screen on iPhone or iPod Touch, shake your 
device and tell Songza exactly what you're up to; Songza will then find the right music to make it 
better. For example, you could enter 'Entertaining' and Songza will find you music to soundtrack 
the perfect party. 
3) Songza's HQ Audio feature, powered by Audyssey, significantly improves your headphone 
sound quality without increasing your data plan usage. With Songza 3.0's improved HQ Audio, 
many new headphone models are available and it's now easier to select your headphones whenever 
you add a new pair. 
4) Enjoying your favorite artists is now better than ever. When you search for an artist, you'll see 
every expert-curated playlist on Songza that features them. When you make your selection, the 
playlist you choose will begin with a song by that artist. 
5) To make music discovery easier, in-app tips help you move from playlists you're getting tired of 
to new playlists that will make you feel fresh all over again. 
6) A new full-screen Concierge experience takes advantage of the iPhone 5 screen and removes 
visual clutter, while a simplified navigation focuses on the most powerful and user-friendly 
additional features. 
Socialize With Us: 
acebook button follow us on 
twitter 
Be sure to add 
to your address book or sato 
sender Ilst so that our emails get to your Inbox. 
If you do not want to receive these emails. click here to unsubscribe 
This °mad was sent by. Songza Media Inc. 
526 46th Ave Long Island City. NY WO 
,,:,Need Help? 
;Let Us Know 
EFTA01136218

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136219.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136219

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136220.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
••• .„ 
•-• 
•., 
EFTA01136220

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136221.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136221

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136222.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136222

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136223.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136223.pdf
----------------------------------------
-prierer7
EFTA01136223

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136224.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136224

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136225.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: The, 26 May 2015 20:25:58 +0000 
Attachments: Screen_Shot_2015-05-26_at_20.33.09.jpg; Screen_Shot_2015-05-26_at_20.32.2 1 jpg; 
Screen Shot 2015-05-26at_20.32.08jpg; Screen_Shot_2015-05-26_at_20.27.19.jpg; 
Screen Shot 2015-05-26__at_20.32.29.png 
what do you think of those ? 
EFTA01136225

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136226.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
EFTA01136226

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136227.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136227

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136228.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136228

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136229.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: J Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Contact 
Date: Mon, 29 Apr 2013 13:07:51 +0000 
FYI 
BEGIN:VCARD 
VERSION:3.0 
PRODID:-//Apple Inc.//iOS 6.1.2//EN 
N:GordonZDC;;; 
FN:ZDC Gordon 
ORG:Brice; 
TEL;type=CELL;type=VOICE;type=pre£ 1 
END:VCARD 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136229

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136230.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136230.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Melanie Spinella
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 29 Apr 2013 13:17:08 +0000 
Attachments: Illustration_of Gain_Deferral_at_5%.pdf 
pleease forward 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136230

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136231.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136231

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136232.pdf
----------------------------------------
asilitik 
EFTA01136232

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136233.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136233.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jes Staley 
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Qartar 
Date: Mon, 29 Apr 2013 18:51:39 +0000 
Jeffery, 
What is the chance of meeting with the Qatar PM during the week of May 20th? 
I tried your cell. 
Thanks 
Jes 
This e-mail is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or 
privileged material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance 
upon, the information in this e-mail by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited and may 
be unlawful. If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer. 
This communication is for informational purposes only. It is not intended as and does not constitute an offer or 
solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction. 
All market prices, data and other information are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are subject to 
change without notice. Any expected returns are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to 
serve as, and must not be relied upon by any prospective investor as, a guaranty, an assurance, a prediction of a 
definitive statement of fact or a probability. Investment in funds managed by BlueMountain carries certain risks, 
including the risk of loss of principal. Unless indicated otherwise, performance results are presented net of fees 
and expenses. Certain market and economic events having an impact on performance may not repeat themselves. 
Any comments or statements made herein do not necessarily reflect those of BlueMountain Capital 
Management, LLC or its affiliates. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF 
FUTURE RESULTS AND NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE THAT RESULTS SIMILAR TO THOSE 
SHOWN CAN BE ACHIEVED. 
Jeffery, 
What is the chance of meeting with the Qatar PM during the week of May 20th? 
I tried your cell. 
Thanks 
les 
This e-mail is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. My review, retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of. or taking of any action in reliance upon, the information in this e-mail by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is 
prohibited and may be unlawful. II you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer. 
This communication is for informational purposes only. It is not intended as and does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial 
instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction. All market prices, data and other information are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are 
subject to change without notice. My expected returns are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as. and must not be relied upon by 
any prospective investor as, a guaranty, an assurance, a prediction of a definitive statement of fact or a probability. Investment in funds managed by BlueMountain 
carries certain risks, including the risk of loss of principal. Unless indicated otherwise. performance results are presented net of fees and expenses. Certain market 
and economic events having an impact on performance may not repeat themselves. Any comments or statements made herein do not necessarily reflect those of 
EFTA01136233
--- PAGE 2 ---
BlueMountain Capital Management, LLC or its affiliates. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS AND NO 
REPRESENTATION IS MADE THAT RESULTS SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN CAN BE ACHIEVED. 
EFTA01136234

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136235.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136235.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Estate Tax Article 
Date: Mon, 29 Apr 2013 20:36:09 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT_C25313042916040.pdf 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
tel
fa 
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: April 29, 2013 4:04:56 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01136235

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136236.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136236

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136237.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136237.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136237

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136238.pdf
----------------------------------------
11111111 
EFTA01136238

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136239.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136239.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: David Blaine <1 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 26 May 2015 21:59:58 +0000 
Attachments: David Blaine for
edit.docx 
dvid , 
needs some lettters of support for her visa. would you feel comfortable sending someting like 
the enclosed. ? I d appreciate it. on abother note , we should plan on a magician night for woodys 80th 
birthdya, around thanksgiving, we have plenty of time to get it right and invite the right people 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136239

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136240.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 30 Apr 2013 14:16:16 +0000 
Attachments: 
pdf 
I will review and compare to his original bid and other vendor pricing.. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
tel 
fa 
ce 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "RingCentral" 
Date: April 30, 2013 9:46:58 AM EDT 
To: "Rich Kahn" < 
Subject: New Fax Message fron 
From: 
Received: 
Pages: 
To: 
Tuesday, April 30, 2013 at 09:46 AM 
(Rich Kahn) 
on 04/30/2013 at 09:46 AM 
To view this message, please open the attachment or login to your RingCentral 
account by clicking here. 
Thank you for using RingCentral. 
rw 
EFTA01136240

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136241.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136241.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Paul Morris 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Fw: Tax Topics 
Date: Tue, 30 Apr 2013 18:57:28 +0000 
Attachments: apr29tx I 3.pdf 
Inline-Images: unnamed; unnamed(I) 
Classification: Public 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
ew 
Offic 
Cell: 
h Management 
-- Forwarded by Paul Morris/db/dbcom on 04/30/2013 02:56 PM --
From: 
Blanche Chdstersonklb/dbcom 
To: 
Dale: 
Subject: 
Tax Topics 
04/30/2013 02:55 PM 
Classification: Public 
Attached is the latest edition of Tax Topics. It discusses some of the tax proposals in President Obama's Fiscal Year 2014 
Budget, which was released on April 10th. It also has the 7520 rate and the applicable federal mid-term rates. 
...three cheers for spring! 
Blanche Lark Christerson 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company. •. 
Deutsche Asset B Wealth Mana ment 
New York NY 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Pagrritn,1-7 Per far
EFTA01136241
--- PAGE 2 ---
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01136242

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136243.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136243.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
' <ship-confirm®amazon.com> 
To: "jeeproject®yahoo.com" <jeeproject®yahoo.com> 
Subject: Your Amazon.com order of 2x "Oregon Scientific RM313PNA..." has shipped! 
Date: Tue, 30 Apr 2013 21:03:06 +0000 
Kindle Store  Your Orders i Amazon.com 
;',,Amazon 
Hello Jeffrey Epstein, 
Thank you for shopping with us. We thought you'd like to know that Ramseur Sales shipped your items, and that this 
completes your order. Your order is on its way, and can no longer be changed. If you need to return an item from this 
shipment or manage other orders, please visit Your Orders on 
Shipping Confirmation 
Order  
Your estimated delivery date is: 
Tuesday, May 7, 2013 -
Friday, May 10, 2013 
Track your package 
Your order was sent to: 
Jeffrey epstein 
E 71ST ST 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10021.4102 
United States 
Your package is being shipped by UPS and the tracking number is 
Depending on the ship speed you 
chose. it may take 24 hours for your tracking number to return any information. 
Shipment Details 
;2, 
2x Oregon Scientific RM313PNA Self-Setting 
Projection Alarm Clock with Indoor Thermometer, 
Blue 
Sold by Ramseur Sales 
Condition: New 
F T Pi 
$39.98 
Item Subtotal: 
$39.98 
Shipping & Handling: 
$5.74 
Total Before Tax: 
$45.72 
Shipment Total: 
$45.72 
Paid by CreditCard: 
$45.72 
Returns are easy. Visit our Online Return Center. 
If you need further assistance with your order, please contact the seller. 
We hope to see you again soon! 
EFTA01136243
--- PAGE 2 ---
a 
DVD 
a 
Books 
Unless otherwise noted. items sold by Arnazon.com LLC are subject to sales tax in select stales in accordance with the applicable laws of that 
state. If your order contains one or more items from a seller other than Amazon.com LLC, it may be subject to state and local sales tax. 
depending upon the sellers business policies and the location of their operations. Learn more about tax and seller information. 
This email was sent from a nofification-only address that cannot accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message. 
EFTA01136244

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136245.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136245.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Amazon.com" ctl 
To: "jeeproject®yahoo.com" <jeeproject@yahoo.com> 
Subject: Your Amazon.com order of "Oregon Scientific RM313PNA..." has shipped! 
Date: Tue, 30 Apr 2013 21:45:14 +0000 
Kindle Store , Your Orders 
Amazon.com 
;Amazon 
Hello Jeffrey Epstein, 
Thank you for shopping with us. We thought you'd like to know that Oswego Digital shipped your item, and that this 
completes your order. Your order is on its way, and can no longer be changed. If you need to return an item from this 
shipment or manage other orders, please visit Your Orders on Amazon.com. 
Shipping Confirmation 
Order  
Your estimated delivery date is: 
Monday, May 6, 2013 -
Thursday, May 9, 2013 
,rack your package 
Your order was sent to: 
Jeffrey epstein 
E 71ST ST 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10021-4102 
United States 
Your package is being shipped by UPS and the tracking number is 
Depending on tho ship speed you 
chose. it may take 24 hours for your tracking number to return any information. 
Shipment Details 
Oregon Scientific RM313PNA Self-Setting 
Projection Clock, Silver 
Sold by Oswego Digital 
Condition: New 
F T Pi 
$38.95 
Item Subtotal: 
$38.95 
Shipping & Handling: 
$7.95 
Total Before Tax: 
$46.90 
Shipment Total: 
$46.90 
Paid by CreditCard: 
$46.90 
Returns are easy. Visit our Online Return Center. 
If you need further assistance with your order, please contact the seller. 
We hope to see you again soon! 
EFTA01136245
--- PAGE 2 ---
a 
DVD 
a 
Books 
Unless otherwise noted. items sold by Arnazon.com LLC are subject to sales tax in select stales in accordance with the applicable laws of that 
state. If your order contains one or more items from a seller other than Amazon.com LLC, it may be subject to state and local sales tax. 
depending upon the sellers business policies and the location of their operations. Learn more about tax and seller information. 
This email was sent from a nofification-only address that cannot accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message. 
EFTA01136246

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136247.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "AT&T High Speed Internet Service " 
To: "AT&T Internet Service Member" 
Subject: Spring has sprung. It's time to refresh your home and lifestyle! 
Date: Tue, 30 Apr 2013 17:30:28 +0000 
pa, April Highlights 
2Celebrate Spring! 
p,attnet April 2013 Newsletter 
EFTA01136247
--- PAGE 2 ---
Riattnet April 2013 Newsletter 
P,,att.net February 2013 Newsletter 
Contact us I AT&T privacy_pollcy, I U-verse Copyrioht Notices 
Unsubscrlbe. You have received this email because you are an AT&T customer. If you have any questions about how AT&T 
collects, uses and protects your personal information as a wireless customer, please visit our Privacy Policy at att.com/privacy.
If you no longer wish to receive future advertising emails from AT&T, please click here to unsubscribe. 
This is an AT&T promotional email. 
Some content on this site may be inappropriate for children under 14. Geographic and service restrictions apply to AT&T U-
verse. Click here to see if you Qualify. 
@, 2012 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T and the AT&T logo are trademarks of AT&T Intellectual Property. 
AT&T Mobility, 1055 Lenox Park Blvd. Atlanta, GA 30319-5309, United States of America. 
Vw 
EFTA01136248

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136249.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136249

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136250.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136250.pdf
----------------------------------------
, 
{ 
$ t ell 4 
Alit. 
EFTA01136250

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136251.pdf
----------------------------------------
ATV31214U76113 
C;;
Bicry 
SMOCK. exPtosiy. 
^.‘t AQ't Ft 
EFTA01136251

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136252.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136252.pdf
----------------------------------------
i410A 
NLY 
R410AIUA
ONLY 
• I 
EFTA01136252

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136253.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136253

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136254.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136254

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136255.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136255.pdf
----------------------------------------
yr
r  
.yam
la
t
es-
6, 
-sr 
A-
t 
a& 
I. 
A. 
' 14116.-
,•••• r
e"
.6! 
EFTA01136255

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136256.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136256.pdf
----------------------------------------
j 
. 
• 
FA_ 
* -10fr 
If 
4c G r .'s ..
.
. 44 1\A 
rz. 
EFTA01136256

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136257.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136257.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136257

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136258.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136258.pdf
----------------------------------------
-%.0Sitabink. 
EFTA01136258

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136259.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136259.pdf
----------------------------------------
mesa.° 
EFTA01136259

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136260.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136260.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
, 
•:16.dr 
smaker, 
Zir 
j? a." - - - ...Ct.-, 
-..-- 
' 
' - 
• - . . • ''' -•.1 g dist 
-441"•- ' - " 
„r
-__ _..,- _ - 
_ - --OP- 
...--4,- 
--,ii• 
- - 
. . - - a'''. - - - 
--; - ,- _I"` - S 
-‘‘ • --e 
. 
.___ -sii- ewer-- - ".-. .....-0 •...:;,.-.- 
,, • 
... 
6,40.0.- _sib- 
4.2.• ---40.`7,- -- ' • - • 
-s cites.* • Cr.:
:
EFTA01136260

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136261.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136261.pdf
----------------------------------------
_ 
: 
...r•-
- 
- 
- 
- 
_ 
,d----de--4-----ealaadoir 
• 
_ 
. - 
tare
- 
- 
;de▪ s— 
--" 
- 
a  a... 
-‘eairr
; 
- 
..7 
_ _ 
"Yr
- 
: 
-4  
c-narge..
-
_ • 
- 
_ 
_ 
•-• 
_ 
- 
. 
C
T - -el-
- 
- 
_ 
a-c"1"-ereb
-
- 
• - 
• 
- 
"OD--
• - 
- 
rieNr;er
!NS 
tI
• err 
- 
afilnipa6p,=Iral•••
a
5n,
-- 7711;27ItT
-
,.  
Arba
t
ir
-L 
• 
ta
ireW
,
•••••nrr 
4.4
Cli 
_ 
-c•••&- 
..„.„ 36;* 
• 
_ 
- 
fi r+
- — 
- 
— 
- - 
- 
- 
••• 
ear
- 
e
. 
a
tethet ir26.4'
.=...-•••••7- 
• 
' 
• 
-t 
••••••. 
- 
._ 
-- • 
- 
-a
-- 
_ 
- _ 
-"e
.
_ 
_ 
-.._ • 
„. 
_ _ 
der 
•-• 
_ 
_ 
_ 
van': 
- 
- 
• 
r e 
• 
.4. sb
,  
jorar
eel 
▪ 
k 
- ;
*
0411L
eili
Thr7
T 
••••_, 
.• 
ami s
r
liar 
Oialirablw 
. 
d• 
si• In
:i -4ft;sa
-.3 ,
"74
C4C:riak 
C
m‘tie 
,..ded-
•••• 
..fe r
• 
:I 
• 
1/4. 
• 
• 
a' 
Pt,F,T, 
t• 
• we ' 
EFTA01136261

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136262.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 27 Apr 2013 19:07:17 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
My new assignment 
EFTA01136262
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136263
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136264

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136265.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>, 
Shuliak 
Date: Sat, 27 Apr 2013 23:42:38 +0000 
lane-Images: photo.JPG 
ICaryna 
EFTA01136265
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136266
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136267

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136268.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136268.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevaeation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 28 Apr 2013 00:56:26 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01136268
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136269
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136270

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136271.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136271.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey <jeevaeation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 28 Apr 2013 00:58:40 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01136271
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136272
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136273

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136274.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevaeation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 28 Apr 2013 00:58:56 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01136274
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon i Phone 
EFTA01136275

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136276.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Andrea 
To: Jeff Epstein cJeevacation@gmail.corn> 
Subject: Contact 
Date: Tue, 23 Apr 2013 16:33:43 +0000 
BEGIN:VCARD 
VERSION:3.0 
PRODID:-//Apple Inc.//iOS 6.1.3//EN 
N:Pfanzelter;Andrea;;; 
FN:Andrea Pfanzelter 
ORG:Intemational Peace Institute; 
iteml.EMAIL;type=INTERNET;type 
item2.EMAIL;type=INTERNET 
TEL:type—WORK:type-VOICE:t 
TEL;type=CELL;type=VOICE: 
item3.ADR:type=WORK:type=pref::. 
END:VCARD 
EFTA01136276

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136277.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Barrett, Paul S"
To: "'Jeffrey Epstein"' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Tue, 23 Apr 2013 17:23:16 +0000 
Attachments: Southem_Financial_MTM_ao_04-23-13_intraday.pdf 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (mailtoleevacation@gmalLoom] 
Sent: Tuesday, April 23, 2013 12:40 PM 
To: Barrett, Paul S 
Subject: 
could you send me a summary to date of performance for 2013, im meeting with dully tomorw 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, 
and legal entity disclaimers, available at hup://wwwjpmorgan.corn/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA01136277

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136278.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Larry Visoski <Ila> 
Subject: Fwd: Sunday 
Date: Tue, 23 Apr 2013 17:51:34 +0000 
Attachments: Jeffrey_Epstein-61059-001.pdf 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Chris Napoli < 
Date: April 23, 2013 1:18:45 PM EDT 
To: Larry Visoski 
Cc: Rich Kahn 
Subject: Re: Sunday 
Hey Larry, 
Attached is a quote for you to review! Let me know if you have any questions or feedback. 
Best, 
Chris 
On Tue, Apr 23, 2013 at 9:37 AM, a 
wrote: 
Fwd quote, I'll fwd to my boss 
Thx 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Chris Napoli < 
Date: Tue, 23 Apr 2013 09:36:39 -0700 
To: Larry Visoski 
Cc: Rich Kahn 
Subject: Re: Sunday 
Hey Larry, 
The CJ3s are primarily based on the East Coast for now, would the Phenom potentially work for this? 
Thanks! 
Chris 
On Tue, Apr 23, 2013 at 8:16 AM, a 
wrote: 
EFTA01136278
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hello Chris, 
Need price for KSAF Sante Fe NM- Santa Monica CA 
Sunday April 28th depart 1730 (5:30pm) local,. CJ3 
Asap pls,. 
Thx, 
Larry Visoski 
Chief pilot 
Hyperion Air, inc 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
Chris Napoli 
Senior Mana er, Retail Sales 
O:-M 
Now Serving the Northeast! 
To Fly 
Chris Napoli 
Senior Mana er, Retail Sales 
am: 
Now Serving the Northeast! 
To Fly: 
EFTA01136279

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136280.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Fab •z:MI
> 
To: jeeproject@yahoo.com 
Subject: Now In Stock: Fab's New Spring 2013 Jewelry Collection. 
Date: Tue, 23 Apr 2013 20:10:58 +0000 
If you are unable to see this message, dick here to view 
To ensure delivery to your Mbar, please add info@fob.com to your address book. 
Don't want this? Safely unsubseribe 
Wo,Smile, you're designed to. 
It 
Shop Now 
EFTA01136280
--- PAGE 2 ---
®,Jewelry Core Collection 
About Help Contact Us Return Policy Shipping Terms Privacy 
at 
You received this email because you are registered on fab.com with the email address: jeeprojectPyahoo.com.
We respect your privacy. View our privacapolicy. If you believe this has been sent to you in error, please safely 
unsubscrihe.
Fab.com Inc. 
Morton Street, 8th Floor 
EFTA01136281
--- PAGE 3 ---
New York, NY 10014 
EFTA01136282

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136283.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 23 Apr 2013 21:32:47 +0000 
Inline-Images: Attachment-1 
EFTA01136283

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136284.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136284.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: ticket for Svet on HOLD 
Date: Wed, 24 Apr 2013 17:38:56 +0000 
Attachments: Airmail.pdf 
Below ticket is on hold. This is the only non stop flight to LA on Monday April 29th. No non stops to Long 
Beach...all connecting flights are weird and the earliest she could arrive is around 6pm in Long Beach...Please 
advise if I should purchase the below ticket for Svet. $386.60 non refundable, $200 change fee! 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "American Express Travel" 
Subject: Travel arrangements fo 
traveling on 04/29/2013 
Date: April 24, 2013 1:06:27 PM E 
To: 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. This message was sent from a notification only address that cannot accept 
incoming messages. If you have any questions, please contact Centurion Travel Service at 1-877-877-0987. 
Your travel arrangements are outlined below in the email. Please refer to attached PDF attachment and 
itinerary for more details regarding your travel arrangements. Your Centurion Travel Service travel plans have 
been posted to a secure website. Please click on the link to view your trip details: 
https://www.aeairweb.com/Mytravelarrangements/index.jsp
If airline tickets are purchased for this itinerary: 
Airline Baggage Fee/Rules may apply and can be accessed by visiting: 
https://www.aeairweb.corn/Mytravelarrangements/AirlineBaggagePoliciesjsp
First time user? Refer to instructions when accessing the above website. Enter your email address and 
temporary password to gain access to the website. You will receive your temporary password in a separate 
email. 
THIS ITINERARY IS A RESERVATION ONLY. 
This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:00 PM on April 27, 
or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Record Locator: 
Traveler 
Flight Information: 
Reserved: UNITED AIRLINES 179 
Class: Economy 
Seats: Unassigned 
EFTA01136284
--- PAGE 2 ---
Departs: Cancun, MEXICO - CUN 
Date: Apr 29,2013 
Time: 6:12 PM 
Arrives: Los Angeles, CA - LAX 
Date: Apr 29,2013 
Time: 9:20 PM 
Airline Confirmation Numbers: 
UNITED AIRLINES 
NSCVGN 
NEED PASSPORT OR VISA SERVICES? 
As a service to our customers, American Express has partnered with VisaCentral for visa and passport services. 
To learn what documents may be required for your international destination, or to obtain visa or passport 
services, go to http://visacentral.corn/amex to access the online services of VisaCentral and to receive 
discounted rates on travel document services. To contact VisaCentral by phone, call 866-529-6553. 
You may receive customer service emails even if you have requested not to receive email marketing offers 
from American Express. For details about our e-mail practices, please review the American Express Privacy 
Statement at http://www.americanexpress.com/privacy. 
See attached itinerary PDF or link for full terms and conditions. 
PDF itinerary attachment: 
If you are unable to view the PDF attachment, ensure you have Adobe Acrobat Reader. Refer to website below 
to download and install this free software. 
http://www.adobe.corn/products/acrobat/readstep.html 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to, daily resort or 
facility fees, may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. 
You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, 
affiliates and representatives (collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and 
agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, expense or damage to persons or property resulting, 
directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but not limited to delays, 
overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes 
in fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of 
governmental authorities, civil unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public 
intemet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party technology systems, or any other cause beyond 
the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your 
individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific 
itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be 
aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, 
and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide 
compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as 
granting them access to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting 
technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American 
Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time 
EFTA01136285
--- PAGE 3 ---
we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and 
recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your 
preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify and the 
itineraries we recommend. 
California State Seller of Travel Registration Number: 1022318-10. Washington State Seller of Travel 
Registration Number: UBI#600469694. Rhode Island Registration Number: ML#1192; Nevada Seller of 
Travel Registration No.: NV#2001-0126; Iowa: TA# 002 Registered Iowa Travel Agency. 
EFTA01136286

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136287.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136287.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Pritzker, Tom"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Wed, 24 Apr 2013 17:58:49 +0000 
Attachments: Bhutan_Act Jdoc; Bhutan_Act_Il.doc 
In Sikkim at a wedding with one of the more eclectric gatherings I have been with. Runs gamut 
from Vice Chairman of Deutchebank (former Vice Min Fin) to movie stars to CIA to high lamas, 
Japanese tea masters and international rogues. Attached is a play in two parts about the previous 
such wedding in Bhutan. 
tjp 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, April 24, 2013 08:14 AM 
To: Pritzker, Tom 
Subject: 
going to milken confemce in calif will be at ranch for weekend if you are free 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136287

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136288.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Fab •z:MI
> 
To: jeeproject@yahoo.com 
Subject: Free shipping on your first order for 48 hours only. Discover your design inspiration today. 
Date: Wed, 24 Apr 2013 18:01:00 +0000 
If you are unable to see this message, dick here to view 
To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add info@fab.com to your address hook. 
Don't want this? Safely =subscribe 
,Smile, you're designed to. 
it 
Shop Now 
EFTA01136288
--- PAGE 2 ---
RTriggered Activation Email US 
About Help Contact Us Return Policy Shipping Terms Privacy 
Rt 
You received this email because you are registered on fab.com with the email address: jeeprojectayahoo.com.
We respect your privacy. View our privacy_policy. If you believe this has been sent to you in error, please safely 
unsuhscribe.
rabcom Inc. 
Morton Street, 8th Floor 
New York, NY 10014 
EFTA01136289

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136290.pdf
----------------------------------------
No Images Produced
EFTA01136290

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136291.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kickstarter HQ 
To: jeevacationggmail.com 
Subject: Projects We Love: Get Philosophical! 
Date: Thu, 25 Apr 2013 18:55:25 +0000 
Having trouble viewing this email? View It online instead 
;;,This Week on Kickstarter 
April 25, 2013 
This week we're putting our thinking caps on in preparation for the New Museum's 
IDEAS CITY and presenting a few projects that get us thinking outside the proverbial 
box. 
Is",hilographies: Big ideas in simple 
shapes 
Philographics: Big ideas in simple shapes 
by Genis Carreras 
Category Graphic Design
_Oration London, United Kingdom 
Color and Shape 
Distilling core philosophical concepts into a line 
or two of text and a graphic image can't be 
easy, but London designer Genis Carreras has 
done just that. His box of cards is filled with 
simple, visual explanations of things like 
existentialism, idealism, and 93 other "-isms" 
ready for you to namedrop at parties. 
EXPLORE THIS PROJECT 
EFTA01136291
--- PAGE 2 ---
Experiment and imagine 
Kindergarde: Experimental Writing 
for Children 
Klndergarde: Experimental Writing for Children 
by Martha Reed. Black Radish Books 
giCategory Children's Book 
;5_0cation Lafayette. LA 
::,'LeeFest: A Music and Arts Festival 
Run By You! #growLeeFest 
LeeFest: A Music and Arts Festival Run By You! 
#growLeeFest 
by LeeFest 
Category Music 
;5_0cation London, United Kingdom 
Kindergarde is an award-winning anthology of 
experimental writing made especially for 
children. Rooted in the idea that kids are a lot 
smarter and weirder than we give them credit 
for, the first print run of this book was so 
successful that the writers are coming back to 
reprint it and share it with a wider audience. 
EXPLORE THIS PROJECT 
Not your Dad's music fest 
Seven years ago, Lee's parents went away for 
the weekend with one stipulation: no house 
parties! Lee's creative solution? Throw a music 
festival in his backyard. Since then, LeeFest 
has grown exponentially and is now moving out 
of the backyard and into the countryside. Join 
Lee in presenting an arts and music festival for 
the masses! 
EXPLORE THIS PROJECT 
Check out even more projects right from your phone! 
Love these projects too? 
2, Share on 2, Share on 
r 
Get the Kickstarter app 
Don't want to keep getting the newsletter? That's okay. you can unsubscribe. 
Copyright 2013 Kickstarter Inc. 155 Rivington Street, New York. NY 10002 
EFTA01136292

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136293.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Fab 
To: jeeproject@yahoo.com 
Subject: Andy's Back! Original '60s, '70s & '80s Warhol Art, Music & Movie Posters 
Date: Thu, 25 Apr 2013 20:11:23 +0000 
If you are unable to see this message, click here to view 
To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add info@fab.com to your address book. 
Don't want this? Safely =subscribe 
ASmile, you're designed to. 
It 
Shop Now 
EFTA01136293
--- PAGE 2 ---
laWineshop Sale US 
About Help Contact Us Return Policy Shipping Terms Privacy 
You received this email because you are registered on fab.com with the email addressjeeprojectPyahoo.com.
We respect your privacy. View our privacy_policy. If you believe this has been sent to you in error, please safely 
unsuhscribe.
Fab.com Inc. 
Morton Street. 8th Floor 
New York. NY 10014 
EFTA01136294

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136295.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136295

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136296.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com>
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 27 May 2015 13:00:27 +0000 
Attachments: 
something like this would be greatly appreciated 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136296

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136297.pdf
----------------------------------------
-44 
i 
EFTA01136297

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136298.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136298

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136299.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136299

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136300.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136300.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Ken Holmes
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 18 Apr 2013 14:39:46 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg 
ok,
 what about the bougevillas. , what price for 200 6 footers. ? from you, or do you prefer to keep them 
On Thu, Apr 18, 2013 at 10:26 AM, Ken Holmes < 
> wrote: 
Thanks, I appreciate it. However, I'm in the palm field now and ours won't meet the same height of clear 
wood as what you're getting now (15'). Ours are only 10-12' of clear wood, and I've got a total of 112 
available. I also have 476 that are 6-8' of clear wood. 
Perhaps Chris can hand tag your trees in Puerto Rico for quality purposes and negotiate a better price for you 
as well? 
EFTA01136300
--- PAGE 2 ---
Kenneth Holmes 
Cruzan Gardens 
Ice 
Fax 
www.cruzangardens.com 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 18, 2013, at 9:12 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I prefer to give you the biz , i thought you said you didn't have large coconuts, and we should get them from 
pr.? same for beougecillas.? 
EFTA01136301
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Id m 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136302

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136303.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Je vacation" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Fw: Re zorro tv 
Date: Thu, 18 Apr 2013 15:43:46 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Inline-Images: photo_LJPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG 
Photo of new tv in Zorro breakfast area. 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
Original Message 
From: Zorro Ranch ila> 
Date: Thu, 18 Apr 2013 09:37:40 
To: Larry Visoskic 
Subject: Re 
Almost done 
Just programming 
EFTA01136303
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136304
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136305
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01136306

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136307.pdf
----------------------------------------
•
'1E%
4, t),,,,* 
ler": 
•..'? 
44. rjn
o•  
uk
t 
:: 
EFTA01136307

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136308.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136308.pdf
----------------------------------------
T' 
~~~'~
..~J!~ ~.,-. 
fi
r,' 
EFTA01136308

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136309.pdf
----------------------------------------
qi 
Int- 
\Plat 
Was 
URI 
EFTA01136309

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136310.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136310.pdf
----------------------------------------
•••• 
40111 
rvItriFir:riViVollYzwe4-0 -10:47474%,‘vmr," N.
*4IP 
•••••••4011V••Art 
. 
r4Aett.t.,..:413..„w14V- 
'N'AApoosto• 
• 
- 
444 
 AV;
41>
='4•4
• 
I 7
4p 
•• • 
, 
_ 
# 
•••4- -as 
, 
• 
di* 7 
• 
. 
• 
• 7:4 
- 
• 
• 
_ 
4. 
EFTA01136310

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136311.pdf
----------------------------------------
J~ 
EFTA01136311

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136312.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136312

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136313.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136313

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136314.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136314

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136315.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136315.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kickstarter HQ 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Projects We Love: Jump In! 
Date: Thu, 18 Apr 2013 19:01:06 +0000 
Having trouble viewing this email? View it online instead 
This Week on Kickstarter 
April 18, 2013 
This week we're excited to introduce Video Mode a new way to discover amazing 
projects. Jump in and start watching! When we're not shuffling through rad videos, 
we're trying to figure out who the greatest band of all time is. Do you know? 
1,,:]The Greatest Band Ever Print 
Timeless debate 
The Beatles? The Stones? Hootie & the 
Blowfish? Who's the greatest band of all time? 
You decide! With this graphic design project, 
every vote is a dollar, and every band that gets 
at least 1% of the vote will be represented on 
the print. The band with the most votes is, you 
guessed it, the greatest band ever! 
EXPLORE THIS PROJECT 
The Greatest Band Ever Print 
by The Night Shift Design Co-Op 
Category Graphic Design 
;)_ ocatiop Seattle, WA 
EFTA01136315
--- PAGE 2 ---
BOLD MAID, a matching card game 
for kids. 
Singular sensation 
BOLD MAID, a matching card game for kids. 
by Jane Bums 
giCategory Tabletop Games
;5_ocation Bellingham, WA 
Jane Burns is bringing the classic matching 
game Old Maid into the 21st century. The 
concept is simple: instead of losing out when 
you end up with the matchless old maid card, 
the player left with the "Bold Maid" wins the 
whole game. 
EXPLORE THIS PROJECT 
;.',Revolights Wheels 
Bright future 
When two Kickstarter creators link up for a new 
collaboration, we can't help but take notice. 
Case in point, Revolights and Mission Bikes, 
who've teamed up to create the ultimate 
commuter bike. Biking home from work has 
never been this fun (and safe!). 
EXPLORE THIS PROJECT 
Revolights Wheels 
by Revolights 
Category Product Design 
;l
ocation San Francisco. CA 
Check out even more projects right from your phone! 
Love these projects too? 
w, Share on 
itShare on 
Get the Kickstarter app 
Don't want to keep getting the newsletter? mars okay. you can unsubscribe. 
Copyright 2013 Kickstarter Inc. 155 Rivington Street, New York. NY 10002 
EFTA01136316

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136317.pdf
----------------------------------------
MI
EFTA01136317

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136318.pdf
----------------------------------------
tk 11‘ kk 
I 
i• 
lit ill 1, ilk‘V'N:,, 
s 
1% . 
,1 11 11 II 1111 
11,1 
'1% l 
11 11 It lc 
It 
1111 ' 
1% c 
Il II 11 11 
It 11 IX 11 11 11 11
II 11 II II 1% II II 
11 I%
II II II 11 11 II 
II II It 
It 1t , 
nit II 
It It 11 It 
It 
II 11 It li It 11 I% 
it
It it It itt I.
 • 
it It 11 11 11 11 11 11 It It 1‘ 
, 
„ 
11 It II II It It 
 1% 
It 11 it 1111 1,
nOh ittc.15.* 'sic:I 
EFTA01136318

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136319.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136319.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136319

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136320.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Google+ team" < 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Brock Pierce, Brock Pierce, and 4 others shared with you on Google+ 
Date: Fri, 19 Apr 2013 04:05:25 +0000 
Hi Jeffrey! 
Here's the week's top content. 
Recent posts from your circles 
Brock Pierce 
The Trouble With Crowdfunding - Forbes 
Crowdfunding, a concept barely in the investor lexicon two years ago, 
has captured widespread attention. Brian Korn, a securities lawyer, 
explains why it's not all it's cracked up to be. 
Brock Pierce 
Google+ team 
View all recent posts 
View or comment on this post » 
Join Us And Shawn Fanning For A Special Screening Of 
DOWNLOADED At Disrupt NY I TechCrunch 
Napster co-founder Shawn Fanning and documentarian Alex Winter will 
be at TechCrunch Disrupt NY next week, joining our truly badass lineup 
to talk about their upcoming Napster documentary DOWNLOADED. ... 
View or comment on this post » 
Brock Pierce 
Multiplayer Mobile Gaming Network Nextpeer Adds 100K Users A 
Day As A Ninja Bike Race Takes Off I TechCrunch 
TechCrunch is a leading technology media property, dedicated to 
obsessively profiling startups, reviewing new Internet products, and 
breaking tech news. 
View or comment on this post » 
EFTA01136320
--- PAGE 2 ---
Suggestions for you 
View all suggestions 
Stephanie Hodges 
Ada Clapp 
Thorbjen Jagland 
Add to circles 
Add to circles 
Add to circles 
Valeriya Planidina 
Jem Bendel' 
iI 
Lena Hatton 
Add to circles 
Add to circles 
Add to circles 
The most popular content on Google+ 
View what's hot 
EFTA01136321
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sam Albert 
Haha 
101 shares 
View or comment on this post » 
RebekahRose Jeffery 
O: 
207 shares 
Brian Glick 
View or comment on this post ), 
Moderators can now move posts between community categories 
Based on all the amazing feedback you've shared, we know that being able 
to move posts from one discussion category to another is at the top of your 
wish list. Were excited to announce that moving posts is now possible, and 
will be rolled out to all moderators throughout the day. 
To move posts between categories: 
1) Go to a community that you moderate, and find a post 
like to move 
2) Click on the post's current category (located at the... 
596 shares 
View or comment on this post » 
This notification was sent to jeevacation@gmail.com. Don't want occasional updates about 
Google+ activity and friend suggestions? Change what email Google+ sends you. 
;":,Google+ team 
EFTA01136322

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136323.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136323

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136324.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136324.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136324

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136325.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136325

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136326.pdf
----------------------------------------
• sik
s 
INN.% 
P ‘%% 
EFTA01136326

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136327.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136327.pdf
----------------------------------------
J 
EFTA01136327

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136328.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136328

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136329.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 27 15 11:42a 
El Brillo 
5616552312 
p.1 
NEC 
Stock Number: 
780427 
Phone Type: 
DT(X)-32D-1, IT(X)-32D-3 (WH) 
Exit 
Help 
INN 
■ 
Front Gate Main Gate 
Cabana 
Kitchen 
DND  
Intercom 
)?,ns pap All Page 
Win) 
'coke Mceii 
NI', 
ifre 
iiawe 
-Mile
5feel dikt/ 
Lift 
V 
MSG 
V Mail 
NY Office 
Directory 
Mess age 
Ext 108 
0010498 
EFTA01136329

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136330.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136330.pdf
----------------------------------------
Front 
To: e rey <jeevacation a gmai .com> 
Subject: :) 
Date: Fri, 19 Apr 2013 17:21:21 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 3665.MOV 
They said I look too young, trying to make me older now:(; 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136330

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136331.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: ;) 
Date: Fri, 19 Apr 2013 17:48:59 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 3676.MOV 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136331

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136332.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136332.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeesacation gmzul.corn> 
Subject: 2011 
Date: Fri, 19 Apr 2013 22:47:52 +0000 
Attachments: Leon_Black-_2011_Fedic_NYS_Tax_Returns.pdf 
I nline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm4fa3.png; primeglobal_color_blktext_tagline3178.jpg; 
2012_ipa100(2)2be7jpg 
From: Thomas Turrin [mailto 
Sent: Friday, April 19, 2013 05:00 PM Eastern Standard Time 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: COPY OF TAX RETURN 
Eileen, 
The password is 
The federal and NYS returns are attached — 2011. 
We can send hard copies on Monday. 
Have a great weekend 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
1375 Broadway 
New York New York 10018 
Email: 
Website: www.rem-co.com 
EFTA01136332
--- PAGE 2 ---
RAID DE
ENE 
MALTE 
-'0. LLP 
PrimeGlobal AnAssaciationof 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CERTIFIED MU ACCOUNTANTS 6 ADVISORS 
1:IK'",E3L Acbounting
E2 TO P 
Eno° 
MFIRMS 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential. intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication. you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such. you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s). you may disclose. print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception an
 use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. II you have received 
this communication in error. please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. we inform you that any tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any and all attachments). unless expressly stated otherwise. was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting. marketing. or recommending to another party any 
transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our 
express written consent. 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01136333

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136334.pdf
----------------------------------------
srr 
-1 44 /505 
More saying-
More doing. 
FAMILY ROOM Sala n Wall 
DINING ROOM coastion 
KITCHEN coon". 
J 
BATH nAFsc. 
CASEMENT stims•Ka 
OARAOR CLIJUU I 
AMC Anna 
LAUNDRY cu.'s. ro ea ....w.gxo 
tsARy 
ZCikiko 
EFTA01136334

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136335.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136335.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Eileen Alexanderson
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2013 14:29:30 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.png; image002jpg; image003jpg 
Jeffrey, 
Rounding is actually the only reason..in dividing among the four trusts. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [malltoleevacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Monday, April 22, 2013 9:34 AM 
To: Thomas Turrin 
Cc: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Re: 
Why are they different at all? 
On Monday, April 22, 2013, Thomas Turrin wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
The reason for the slight differences is that the K-1's flowing from the grantor trusts have very slight differences in 
amounts..probably due to rounding. 
The amounts as reported tie to the K-1's flowing from the grantor trusts. 
Best, 
Tom 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Matter & Co. LLP 
1375 Broadway 
New York, New York 10018 
(Direct line) 
(Fax) 
(Cell) 
Email: 
Website: www.rem-co.com 
From: Eileen Alexanderson [maIlto: 
Sent: Monday, April 22, 2013 8:29 AM 
To: Thomas Turrin 
Subject: FW: 
EFTA01136335
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeval 
Sr
.cc  ni
Sent: Monday, April 22, 2013 7:46 AM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: 
can you ask torn why on schedules on 2011 tax returns like page 31, the trust apmounts are different by a few 
dollars??? 
****######################################***************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
RAIC 
ENDE 
MALT 
O. LLP 
INSIDEWM t, 
VTO Olg
I 0 C 
•FIRMS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures, may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose pint. copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
EFTA01136336
--- PAGE 3 ---
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andfor use of this communication areas strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. II you have received 
this communication in error. please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related 
penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing. or recommending to another party any transaction(s) or tax-related mattor(s) 
addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our express written consent. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136337

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136338.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136338.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein tevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Hello 
Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2013 15:53:16 +0000 
Attachments: photo.JPG 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Was nice to finally meet you yesterday. Hope you liked my stories :) 
sending you that picture with 
when we were like 12 than how 
we were like 1 year ago at the beach... 
Have a nice day, hope to see you soon. 
EFTA01136338

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136339.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136339

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136340.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "AFHU"
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: AFHU E-Connections April 2013: Barack Obama, Barbra Streisand, and AFHU 
Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2013 16:23:35 +0000 
Ii lb
i tw 
icon itter-
-P,IYolaW) 
uTub lace 21 
Upcoming Events 
Los Angeles Region 
Annual Leadership 
Education Forum 
April 28, 2013 
The 76th Hebrew 
University International 
Board of Governors 
Meeting 
June 13-18, 2013 
View Photos from 
Recent AFHU Events 
The 2013 Truman 
Peace Prize and 
National Scopus Award 
Gala honoring the 
Honorable George P. 
Shultz and Patricia L. 
Glaser 
Hebrew University in the 
News 
Professor Moshe Maoz 
discusses potential 
Israeli support of Syrian
Rebels 
AFHU E-Connections 
2,Aflm Image Gallery 
April 2013 
527614 10151565398345799_930 
President Barack Obama, during his recent 
visit to Israel, received a demonstration of 
MobilEye, the groundbreaking technology 
developed by Professor Amnon Shashua, the 
Sachs Family Professor of Computer Science 
at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem. 
; Iljeadmore 
Levitzki 
Professor Alexander Levitzki received the 
'Outstanding Achievement in Chemistry in 
Cancer Research Award' from the American 
Association for Cancer Research on April 9. 
Professor Levitzki was recognized for his 
contributions to a targeted cancer therapy that 
is extensively used to develop anticancer 
drugs. 
;)•eadmore 
Hebrew University 
president,  Professor 
EFTA01136340
--- PAGE 2 ---
Menahem Ben-Sasson's 
"Jerusalem Post" op-ed
on President Obama's 
visit to Israel. 
Professors Shlomn 
Avineri and Gideon 
EstathilibeiCaMings2f 
Benjamin Netanyahu's 
coalition government. 
Professor emeritus 
Martin van Creveld in 
"USA Today" on military 
relations between Israel 
and the United States. 
A Visual Journey 
Through the Years: 
AFHU 
The Hebrew 
University of 
Jerusalem 
The Robert H. 
Smith Faculty of 
Agriculture, Food 
and Environment 
Visit The Rothberg 
International School 
rothberg 
Tatty 
AFHU awarded its Truman Peace Prize to 
former U.S. Secretary of State. The Honorable 
George P. Shultz and conferred the National 
Scopus Award, the organization's highest 
honor, on pre-eminent attorney and Los 
Angeles Region Board vice chair, Patricia L. 
Glaser at a gala dinner on March 2 at the 
Beverly Wilshire Hotel. 
:}eadmore 
;:story2 
Research by Hebrew University 
student 
Moshe Sade-Feldman and Professor Michel 
Baniyash says that the same factor in our 
immune system that is instrumental in enabling 
us to fight off severe and dangerous 
inflammatory ailments is also a player in doing 
the opposite at a later stage, causing the 
suppression of our immune response. 
;:yead more 
;:bar bra 
Barbra Streisand paid tribute to Scopus 
honoree Los Angeles Region Board vice 
chair Patricia L. Glaser and expressed her 
commitment to The Hebrew University in a 
moving video. 
;LVIDEO 
1,..2.story 
On April 11. Glocal students at Hebrew 
University showcased the work they undertook 
during their intemships abroad, talking about 
their experiences and examining the cross-
cutting challenges they view as faced by 
diverse communities worldwide. 
;Jeadmore 
AFHU: One Battery Park Plaza, 25th Floor. New York, NY 10004 
www.afhu.oral
EFTA01136341
--- PAGE 3 ---
Click to view this email n a browser 
If you no longer wish to receive these °mails, please reply to this message with 'Unsubsciibe" in the subject line or simply click on the following link: Unsubscribe 
AFHU 
One Battery Park Plaza 
25th Floor 
New York. New York 10004 
US 
Read the VerticalResponse marketing policy. 
g2ry Email Marketing  with VerticalResponse:. 
EFTA01136342

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136343.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 27 May 2015 18:40:00 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 205 ljpg 
Hi sneaky dog? How is a black months started for you ?Q Miss you !!! 
Sincerely 
EFTA01136343

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136344.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136344.pdf
----------------------------------------
Spring 2015 
LNGC 3901-B 
Internship Seminar 
Final Grade 
Last Updated: 5/27/15, 12:40 AM 
A-
LPOL 3071-A 
International Relations 
Final Grade 
Last Updated: 5/23/15, 12:40 AM 
A-
Final Grade 
Last Updated: 5/22/15, 12:40 AM 
B 
UGLB 3210-A 
Intro to International Law 
Final Grade 
Last Updated: 5/20/15, 12:40 AM 
B+ 
ULEC 2281-A 
Liquid Cities: DSC 
Final Grade 
Last Updated: 5/20/15, 12:40 AM 
B+ 
PER 
2-A 
Intro to Alexander Technique 
Final Grade 
Last Updated: 5/21/15, 12:40 AM 
A-
EFTA01136344

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136345.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevaeation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 23 Apr 2013 02:08:51 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01136345
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136346

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136347.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136347

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136348.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136348

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136349.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136349

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136350.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136350

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136351.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136351

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136352.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136352

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136353.pdf
----------------------------------------
as .4e 
EFTA01136353

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136354.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136354

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136355.pdf
----------------------------------------
MI" 
At.••
•
• 
:,•••• 
' • .
• e %»;fi 
>!bw.
IA
® 
• . 
. • 
IS: • • 
- • - •• 
• 
.„ 
wt.°, ' 
n.`i%:.+;•A'00
CV 'ial) 
EFTA01136355

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136356.pdf
----------------------------------------
Art 
EFTA01136356

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136357.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136357

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136358.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." cleevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 27 May 2015 18:52:06 +0000 
Inline-Images: emoji_ulf61c.png 
AAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!! 
On Wed, May 27, 2015 at 2:40 PM, 
wrote: 
Hi sneaky dog? How is a black months started for you ?  Miss you !!! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136358

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136359.pdf
----------------------------------------
littrt • 
kriae-
441a y 
dwi • 
• 
\ 
rdA" 
Ass.,
,.,:t
iocs 
. • •
• - 
,•••• 
• 
• 
• !r.
S 
Mv. 
EFTA01136359

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136360.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136360

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136361.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136361

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136362.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136362

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136363.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein iccvacation@gmarl.com> 
To: jecvacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Photo from Apr 14,2013 
Date: Tuc, 16 Apr 2013 23:07:36 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_3.jpg 
EFTA01136363
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136364

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136365.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136365.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jetty Epstein tevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eva Dubin 
Karyna Shuliak c
>,=
> 
Subject: Fwd: Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
Date: Tuc, 16 Apr 2013 23:09:14 40000 
'idiot-Images: unnamed 
caching math to richard bmnson 
Forwarded message  
—
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacatiortagmadcont>
Date: Tuc, Apr 16, 2013 at 7:07 PM 
Subject Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
To: jecvacationggmail.com
EFTA01136365
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136366
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly pmhibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jegiatealionfijigmaiLC2M, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136367

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136368.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136368.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@smail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2013 23:09:50 +0000 
Inline-Images: unnamed 
Forwardod message ----
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationagmail.com>
Date: Tuc, Apr 16, 2013 at 7:07 PM 
Subject: Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
To: jecvacationftmail.com
EFTA01136368
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136369
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly pmhibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jegiatealionfijigmaiLC2M, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136370

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136371.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Photo from Apr 14,2013 
Date: Tue. 16 Apr 2013 23:14:54 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_2.jpg 
EFTA01136371
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136372

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136373.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:  Jeffrey Epstein leevacationaumad com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2013 23:15:42 -10000 
Wine-Images: unnamed 
---- 
Forwarded message ----
From: Jeffrey Epstein loevacation(d)gmail.com>
Date: Tuc, Apr 16. 2013 at 7:14 PM 
Subject: Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com
EFTA01136373
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to joevacation@gmail.com. and 
EFTA01136374
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136375

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136376.pdf
----------------------------------------
Scifiropaid :salletui-augui 
0000+ I VOZ:EZ £ !Or sdy 9I `0,11 :al.° 
Eng `ti ichr wog maid :partins 
woripauliguopeavitaac :01 
<warffetaguopeatutaaf, uptsda Ammar :wok' 
EFTA01136376
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136377

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136378.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey geevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
Date: Tue. 16 Apr 2013 23:46:42 .0000 
Importance: Normal 
Inline-Images: ATT00001 
Love that!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2013 19:09:14 -0400 
Subject: Fwd: Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
eaching math to richard branson 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Tue, Apr 16, 2013 at 7:07 PM 
Subject: Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
To: jppvacation@graaram
EFTA01136378
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136379
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeev-acationRanith.C9.0, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136380

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136381.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 17 Apr 2013 01:37:05 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01136381
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envo 6 de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136382

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136383.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Andrea <II
III
> 
To: Jeff Epstein cJeevacation@gmail.cotn>, 
Date: Wed, 17 Apr 2013 03:05:15 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01136383
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136384

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136385.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Andrea <II
III
> 
To: Jeff Epstein cJeevacation@gmailsom>, 
Date: Wed, 17 Apr 2013 03:04:06 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01136385
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136386

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136387.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: YouTube Service <noreply@youtube.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Gaia Esum sent you a video: "Pntr rnpnn ,chslin frederig" 
Date: Wed, 17 Apr 2013 13:42:41 +0000 
Gaia Esum has shared a video with you on YouTube 
Independence Day in Israel—the opening anthem. Thereafter he did a Dvorak New 
World Symphony with two full orchestras:) Hope all is well 
chslin frederig, erxv) 
by Dassi Stern 
hatikva -u-rem nien oemn-1. n-unrn 
Help center • Email options • Report spam 
©2013 YouTube. LLC 901 Cherry Ave. San Bruno. CA 94066 
EFTA01136387

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136388.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
EFTA01136388

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136389.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
EFTA01136389

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136390.pdf
----------------------------------------
7/IPP-t 
fS 
"fi 
EFTA01136390

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136391.pdf
----------------------------------------
2-b...., • 
EFTA01136391

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136392.pdf
----------------------------------------
OA Fel% 
• 4 11•1 
OW-
EFTA01136392

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136393.pdf
----------------------------------------
ova.' 
EFTA01136393

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136394.pdf
----------------------------------------
_ 
r-
EFTA01136394

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136395.pdf
----------------------------------------
HONDAR HOUSE INC 
227 PROSPECT ST 
CAMBRIDGE, MA. 02139 
Phone - 617-547-1950 Fax - 617-868-3460 
TRUSTED FOR OVER '25 YEARS' 
INVOICE 
INVOICE 
15414 
Org. Est. # 042165 
Print Date : 05/13/2015 
Bach, Joscha 
218 Harvard St #1 
Cambridge, MA 02139 
Cellular 617-669-0337 
Cust ID : 
9492 
Ref # : 
2006 Honda - CR-V SE 
2.4L, In-Line4, VIN (RD7) 
Lic # : 265TZ1 
Unit # : 
Vin # : SHSRD78986U414640 
Hat#: 
Odometer In 110443 
Part Description / Number 
Qty 
Sale Extended Labor Description 
POST PURCHASE INSPECTION 
CHECK WHINE IN TRANS 
INTERNAL PROBLEM WITH TRANS 
3800.00 REBUILT 
FT BRAKE ROTORS/PADS 
Hours 
Extended 
1.00 
95.00 
( Technicians : EDDIE. ) 
490.00 
r 
- 
- 
Org. Estimate $95.00 
Revisions 50.00 
Current Estimate S 95.00 
AdditiOnal Cost Revised Estimate Labor: 
95.00 
Parts: 
0.00 
Sublet: 
0.00 
Sub: 
95.00 
Tax: 
0.00 
Total: 
95.00 
I Payments - ) 
Bal Due: 
$95.00 
THANK YOU FOR YOUR BUISNF&I! 
hereby authorize the above repair work to be done along with the necessary material and hereby grant you and/o your employees 
permission to operate the car or truck herein described on street, highways or elsewhere for the purpose to testing and/or inspection. An 
express mechanic's lien is hereby acknowledged on above car or truck to secure the amount of repairs thereto. Warranty on parts and labor is 
one years or 12,000 miles whichever comes first. Warranty work has to be performed in our shop & cannot exceed the original cost of 
repair. 
SIGNATURE 
Date 
 Time 
Written Ely FRANK 
Page 1 of 1 
oi 17 07 Copyrght 110000 r Inner 1 
EFTA01136395

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136396.pdf
----------------------------------------
This policy is issued by: 
Item 1: This policy is issued to: 
JOSCHA HACH 
Item 2: This policy is in effect from: 
Item 3: Description of your Auto: 
Auto 1 
HONDA 
CR-V SE 
4D WAGON 
SHSRD78986U414640 
COVERAGE SELECTIONS PAGE 
Commerce 
This page and any attached endorsements form a part of your policy 
INSURANCE 
QA MAteritr COMPANY 
The Commerce Insurance Company 
Webster, MA 01570-0758 
www.Commerceinsurance.com 
Massachusetts Personal Automobile 
Policy Number: 
DWL496 
Agent: 
886 
W. GOCH I S INS AGENCY,
MA 02139-2717 
APRIL 28, 2015 to 
Auto 
INC 
113 CAMBRIDGE ST 
MA 01803 
BURLINGTON 
APRIL 28, 2016(12 01 AM Eastern Standard Time) 
DIRECT BILL 
Item 4: This policy provides only the coverages for which a premium charge is shown: 
Coverages. Parts 1-12 
AUTO 1 
AUTO 
COMPULSORY 
INSURANCE 
LIMITS 
Deduction 
Annual 
Premium 
Adjusted 
Premium 
UMITS 
Deductible 
Annual 
Premium 
Adjusted 
Premium 
Bodily Injury To Others 
PA 
$ 
PencA 
20000 Pee 
$ 
40000 Accident 
None 
$ 328 
328 
per 
Pe 
$ 
rson 
raw 
$ 
Acc.unt 
None 
$ 
Personal Injury Protection 
Per 
$ 
8000 
Pelson 
$ NONE 
_miner 
— 
Ina 
......... 
$ 109 
109 
Pet 
S 
Person 
$ 
_ snot 
s.......d 
inennars 
$ 
Bodily Injury Caused By An 
Uninsured Auto (Compulsory 
Limas $20,000 / $40,000) 
Per 
$ 
100000 PI' 
$ 
300000 .<0«,,, 
None 
$ 
PM 
$ 
Penal
None 
$ 
Pere 
ACtAlent 
$ 
Damage To Someone Else's 
Property (Compulsory Limits 
$5D00) 
Pr 
$ 
100000 
Acc' 'I
None 
$ 425 
425 
Peet 
s 
Academe 
None 
$
OPTIONAL INSURANCE 
Optional Bodily Injury To Others 
„. 
$ 
100000 
Person 
Pee 
$ 
300000 
c
ent 
None 
$ 191 191 
Per 
$ 
PeriCel
PM 
$ 
Aosident 
None 
$ 
Medical Payments 
car 
$ 
person
None 
$ 
Pee 
$ 
non
None 
$ 
Collision 
Actual Cash Value 
*$ 1000 $ 458 
458 
Actual Cash Value 
$ 
$ 
Limited Collision 
Actual Cash Value 
$ 
$ 
Actual Cash Value 
$ 
$ 
Comprehensive 
Actual Cash Value 
$ 
300 $ 154 
154 
Actual Cash Value 
$ 
$ 
Substitute Transportation 
Up to $ 15 aday. 
Z " Tn ) 
None 
$ 
Uplo$ 
a day, 
maximum 
$ 
None 
$ 
Towing and Labor 
Up to $ 
for each 
disablement 
None 
$ 
Up lo $ 
for each 
disablement 
None 
$ 
Bodily Injury Caused By An 
Underinsured Auto 
Per 
$ 
100000 Pomp° 
$ 
300000 Pe 
Zee' ,„,„ 
None 
s 
Pei 
$ 
PersP" 
S 
Per 
Accident 
None 
$ 
MERIT RATING PLAN 
Premium Adjustment 
$ 
J Premium Adjustment 
$ 
PREMIUM (per AUTO) 
AUTO 
$ 1742 
1742 1 AUTO 
s 
TOTAL PREMIUM (POLICY) 
* INCL WAIVER OF DED 
$ 
1742.00 
-LC - LU1D: 
DISCOUNTS 
Account 
Age 65£ 
Ceder 
Annual 
Mang* 
Are 
TINA 
Good 
Student 
Ma) 
StPrt 
Student
e
a
MCZNAa
cyCle
PU
P% 
OSrmer
nan °ea
rn3n Weac
.Ittr 
AUTO 1 
20% 
1% 
AUTO 
REFER TO OTHER SIDE FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
INSURED 
PAGE 1 OF 1 
12/14 
ovals*, 07/18/14 
EFTA01136396

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136397.pdf
----------------------------------------
W. GOCHIS 
INSURANCE 
AGENCY, INC. 
113 Cambridge Street, Rte. 3A, Burlington, MA 01803-4116 
(781) 272-8306 
FAX (781) 272-1362 
May 4, 2015 
Joscha & Mira Bach 
Dear Joscha & Mira, 
Thank you for permitting us to supply your new policy. The opportunity to serve as your insurance 
broker is appreciated. Your Personal Auto policy DWL496, with an effective date of 4/28/15 and a 
renewal date of 4/28/16, is enclosed; please look it over carefully and let us know if you have any 
questions. An invoice for the premium will be sent by the Commerce Ins. Co. 
While we'll routinely be communicating regarding your account, please plan to contact one of our 
customer service representatives whenever you need a change in coverage or when you might need to 
submit a claim. They are quite familiar with your account and will personally monitor any transactions 
for your policies. We're certain you will find this service to be an important benefit of dealing with our 
agency. 
If you have any questions regarding your new policy, please do not hesitate to call our office. 
Sincerely, 
e Th era " 
e r #CA.44.
Thomas J.Gochis 
President 
EFTA01136397

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136398.pdf
----------------------------------------
Item 5: Principal Place of Garaging 
Item 6: Secured Lender/Lessor— Additional Insured, if Rented Aut( 
AUTO 
I 
CAMBRIDGE 
AUTO 
AERATOR INFORMATION 
Operator Marne 
Date of 
Birth 
License 
Uc, 
Number 
slaw 
Clean 
m 
Three 
CIC 
Mod 
Rabng 
OW First 
licensed 
Ow 
!loop 
sees 
0-100, 
Mos“ 
Om. 
Lem 
LM 
Od 
op 
yir 
°memo Status 
.0ccoscoo  P.Pnrc. 
E•Excli.dol. MAIM., 
Auto 
Motorcycle 
VI 
V2 
V3 
I
I 
10/20/94 
P 
07/02/07 
Identification Numbers of Endorsements Forming a Part of This Policy: 
MPV-0016-5 1110 
CIC-2238 
0514 
M-0099-5 
0911 
CIC-2197 
0513 
CIC-2212 
1113 
Additional Information: 
MERIT RATING PLAN 
The Merit Rating Plan premium adjustment for each auto is based on the driving records of the operators listed on your policy. Premn 
adjustments can result from incident-free driving, or from a Merit Rating Board report of an at-fault accident or traffic law violation during 
five year period immediately preceding the policy effective date. The Merit Rating Board code and class of each operator are used 
assigning the operators to the autos in the manner described in the rating manual. 
For SDP Statement send request to sdip@mapfreusa.com or call 800-922-8276 x11101 
Check carefully that all operators of your auto(s) are shown. Your failure to list a household member or any individual who customan 
operates your auto may have very serious consequences. 
NOTICE: You must notify us of changes that have occurred prior to the renewal of this policy and during the policy period. It is a crime 
knowingly provide false or fraudulent information for the purpose of defrauding an insurance company. If you or someone else on yol 
behalf has knowingly given us false, deceptive, misleading or incomplete information and if such false, deceptive, misleading or incomple 
information increases our risk of loss, we may refuse to pay claims under any or all of the Optional Insurance Pads and we may cancel yo 
policy. Such information includes the description and the place of garaging of the vehicle(s) to be insured, the names of all househo 
members and customary operators required to be listed and the answers given above for all listed operators. We may also limit a 
payments under Part 3 and Part 4. Check to make certain that you have correctly listed all operators and the completeness of their previol 
driving records. The Merit Rating Board may verify the accuracy of the previous driving records of enlisted operators. 
We will not pay for a collision or limited collision loss for an accident which occurs while your auto is being operated by a household memb 
who is not listed as an operator on your policy. Payment is withheld when the household member, if listed, would require the payment 
additional premium on your policy because the household member would be classified as an inexperienced operator or would requi 
payment of additional premium on your policy under the Merit Rating Plan. 
Auio 
Rating 
Grass 
Pram
Town 
Slat 
Gums 
Rik 
Tpo 
A; 
HT 
CLAP 
Annual 
Milano 
Rtsk 
Level 
Years Lie 
Gm, 
MR 
Graz 
CC Loy 
Rea 
MA Lc, 
Grow 
Como 
sym 
Carl 
Lisa 
PiRI, 
alrc 
1101 600 11U1 I 
U 
p.AA 5 B 
l si n
1s6 Di 
_iime•me. 
A 
it
_
. 
a 
/ 
USE At et41 
:
el 
Icr 'err ioRarhi tot estrT 
Rate Type
I 72441°M
Coun signed by Authorized Agent 
EFTA01136398

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136399.pdf
----------------------------------------
This policy is issued by: 
COVERAGE SELECTIONS PAGE 
Commerce 
This page and any attached endorsements form a part of your policy 
I N S U R A N C E
&.1)A MAPP- Hr COMPANY 
The Commerce Insurance Company 
Webster, MA 01570-0758 
vwiew.Commerceinsurance.corn 
Item 1: This policy is issued to: 
Massachusetts Personal Automobile 
TncrmA IIACH 
Item 2: This policy Is in effect from: 
Item 3: Description of your Auto: 
Auto 1 
HONDA 
CR—V SE 
4D WAGON 
 SHSRD78986U414640 
Policy Number: 
DWL496 
Agent: 
886 
et 
nnimuic rut • GENCY, INC 
MA 02139-2717 
APRIL 28, 2015 to 
113 CAMBRIDGE ST 
BURLINGTON
MA 01803 
APRIL 28, 2016(1201 A M Eastern Standard Time) 
DIRECT BILL 
Auto 
Item 4: This policy provides only the coverages for which a premium charge is shown: 
Coverages, Parts 1-12 
AUTO 3, 
AUTO 
COMPULSORY 
INSURANCE 
LIMITS 
0educbbl. 
Annual 
A/aniline 
Adjustedd 
P remium 
UMITS
0cclude,* 
Annual 
Prennturn 
Adjusted 
Prernsurn 
Bodily Injury To Others 
pee
$ 
Person 
20000 Per 
$ 
40000 Aciodom 
None 
$ 328 
$ 
Person 
r 
s 
A.den,
None 
$ 
Personal Injury Protection 
$ 
8000 Person 
$ NONE 
_.,..... 
',Ammn end 
--AnAnnne 
e 109 
$ 
anon
_r>ois• 
$ 
youmel and 
__,... 
" 
$ 
. 
Bodily Injury Caused By An 
Uninsured Auto (Compulsory 
Limits $20.000 / $40.O00) 
pet
$ 
100000 Pe "'°' 
pm 
$ 
300000 ACC'der 
None 
S 
Per 
$ 
Persc, 
$ 
Pe,
Accident 
None 
$ 
a Damage To Someone Else's 
Property (Compulsory Limits 
$5.000) 
Pf 
$ 
100000 
A""en' 
e
None 
$ 425 
S 
ACarCAent 
None 
$ 
OPTIONAL INSURANCE 
Optional Bodily Injury To Others 
Pet 
$ 
100000 Pe --°' 
Pe 
$ 
300000 AOC,Ient 
None 
S 191 
Pe,
$ 
PerbOn
PN 
$ 
Accident 
None 
$ 
Medical Payments 
Pee 
$ 
a
$ 
CH 
$ 
pe,„ 
None 
$ 
Collision 
Actual Cash Value 
* 
$ 1000 $ 458 
Actual Cash Value 
$ 
$ 
Limited Collision 
Actual Cash Value 
$ 
Adual Cash Value 
$ 
$ 
Comprehensive 
Actual Cash Value 
$ 
300 $ 154 
Actual Cash Value 
$ 
$ 
Substitute Transportation 
Uplo$ 15 aday.
r"Vb 
None 
$ 
Up [QS 
aday. 
Maximum 
$ 
None 
$ 
ii Towing and Labor 
uptog 
fee each 
disablement 
None 
Up to $ 
tor each 
disablement 
None 
e. 
a 
Bodily Injury Caused By An 
Underinsured Auto 
Per 
$ 100000 Peron 
$ 
300000 o de,,, 
None 
$ 
Pe,
$ 
Peqw
$ 
Ao
we
coent 
None 
$ 
MERIT RATING PLAN 
Premium Adjustment 
$ 
265 I Premium Adjustment 
$ 
PREMIUM (per AUTO) 
AUTO 
$1742 
265 I AUTO 
TOTAL PREMIUM (POLICY) 
* INCL WAIVER OF DED 
265.00 
DISCOUNT$ 
Ai:co:int 
Age 653 
Oen;
Traprno 
vAiren:20
al 
Inert
Antl 
Student
G0OCI
Nco
sSma
hOpa
Sit ayrit 
MOIciCycle 
Pay 
Plan 
Smart 
Driver 
Clean 
In 3 
Welcome 
Ban 
AUTO 1 
20% 
1% 
AUTO 
REFER TO OTHER SIDE FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
INSURED 
AMENDED 
04/28/15 
PAGE 1 OF 1 
CA \',1 
EFTA01136399

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136400.pdf
----------------------------------------
OEQI_Tti r')E\ 
OD' 
HOLD TO LIGHT TO VIEW 
VERIFY PRESENCE OF WATERMARK 
OWNER(S) NAME AND ADDRESS: 
BACH 
JOSCHA 
MASSACHUSETTS DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
1111E M.IMBER 
MFRS. MODEL YEAR 
2006 
MAKE 
HOND 
VEHICLE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 
SHSRD78986U414640 
SHSRD78986U414640 
MODEL NAME 
CRV 
MODEL NO. 
DATE OF ISSUE 
05/15/2015 
BODY STYLETYPE 
UT I L 
NEINtUSED 
USED 
CYL. PASS. DRS. 
05 5 
PURCHASE DATE 
04/28/2015 
ODOMETER READING 
110,353 
110,353 
ACTUAL MILEAGE 
PREV. TIRE NO 
BC763368 
IF PREVIOUS STATE WAS TITLE EXEMPT.
REGISTRATION %WEER E ISSFLAvE0 
PREV. TITLE STATE 
MA 
MAIUNG ADDRESS ONLY: 
BACH 
JOSCHA 
FIRST UENHOLDER: 
RELEASE OF FIRST LIEN. 
TIE FIRST uENKLOERS PITEREST IN THE VEHCLE 
DESCRIBED IN THIS CERTIFICATE IS HEREBY RELEASED 
NAME 
AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE' 
X 
DATE RELEASED* 
TITLE TYPE AND BRANDS 
TITLE TYPE 
BRAND 
BRAND 
BRAND 
BRAND 
TITLE MESSAGE(S): 
SECOND UENHOLDER. 
RELEASE OF SECOND UEN: 
THE SECOND uENHCIDEFrS MEREST NINE VEHCLE 
DESCRIBED IN THIS CERTIFICATE IS HEREBY RELEASED 
NAME 
AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE' 
X 
DATE RELEASED. 
THE REGISTRAR OF MOTOR VEHICLES HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT AN APPLICATION FOR A CERTIFICATE OF TITLE FOR THE MOTOR 
VEHICLE DESCRIBED HEREIN HAS BEEN DULY FILED. PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF 
MASSACHUSETTS. BASED ON THE STATEMENTS OF THE APPLICANT AND THE RECORDS ON FILE WITH THIS AGENCY. THE APPLICANT 
NAMED IS THE OWNER OF SAID VEHICLE. 
THE REGISTRAR OF MOTOR VEHICLES FURTHER CERTIFIES THAT THE VEHICLE IS SUBJECT TO ANY SECURITY INTERESTS SHOWN 
HEREIN. 
etw e )tilins 
Erin C. Deveney 
Registrar 
CONTROL NO. G 4 3739 6 5 
NOT THE TITLE NUMBER 
ALTERATION OR ERASURE VOIDS THIS TITLE. 
KEEP IN SAFE PLACE 
REGISTRY OF MOTOR VEHICLES 
m 
cn 
C.) 
m 
m 
m 
m 
M3IA 01. 1H011 01 crum 
EFTA01136400

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136401.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peggy Siegal 
To: ' 
"Michaels, Philip J." 
"Jeffrey Epstein 
(jeevacation a mail.com " <'eevacation@gmail.com>, Carly Grant 
Subject: Call with Jeffrey Epstein, Philip J. Michaels and Peggy Siegal 
Date: Wed, 17 Apr 2013 20:05:57 +0000 
Attachments: unnamed 
Dial In: 559-546-1000 
Call In: 741413# 
EFTA01136401

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136402.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Call with Jeffrey Epstein, Philip J. Michaels and Peggy Siegal 
Start Date: 2013-04-19 15:30:00 +0000 
End Date: 2013-04-19 15:30:00 +0000 
Organizer: Peggy Siegal 
Location: Dial In: 559-546-1000/Call In: 741413# 
Status: CONFIRMED 
Attendee: ' 
)' 
; Michaels, Philip J. 
< 
; 
< 
;Jeffrey Epstein 
(jeevacation@gmail.com) <jeevacation@gmail.com>; Carly Grant < 
Class: PUBLIC 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2013-04-17 20:05:57 +0000 
Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
REMINDER 
Dial In: 559-546-1000 
Call In: 741413# 
EFTA01136402

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136403.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Kirschner, Elyse" <1 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, "McCaffrey, Carlyn"
Subject: RE: 
Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2013 00:17:14 +0000 
Attachments: Leon Black_Split_Dollar_Insurance_MemoiRevised_December_2011_New).doc 
I think that the 1999 insurance trusts actually own the policies. Please see the attached memo. There is some 
background on the split-dollar policies discussed. 
Elyse G. Kirschner I Partner 
McDermott Will & Emery LLP 1 340 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10173 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [maittoleeracation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Friday, April 19, 2013 10:07 AM 
To: McCaffrey, Carlyn; Kirschner, Elyse 
Subject: 
Apollo iv ltd , holds the split dollar policy of leon. it is a ltd partner of Black family partners. im told it has ( 
HAD? ) nominal value, but it has paid the premiums on the insurance with moneys from bfp. do you have the 
history of this,? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
grip* 
*nn 
**** 
nfl 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: To comply with requirements imposed by the IRS, we inform you that any U.S. federal tax advice 
contained herein (including any attachments), unless specifically stated otherwise, is not intended or written to be used, and 
cannot be used, for the purposes of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or 
recommending to another party any transaction or matter herein. 
This message is a PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL communication. This message and all attachments are a private 
communication sent by a law firm and may be confidential or protected by privilege. If you are not the intended recipient, you 
are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or use of the information contained in or attached to this message 
is strictly prohibited. Please notify the sender of the delivery error by replying to this message, and then delete it from your 
system. Thank you. 
**a* 
**** 
Please visit http://w.vw.mwe.com/ for more information about our Firm. 
EFTA01136403

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136404.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kntya <1
.111e 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2013 03:07:37 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
What about it,Jeffrey? 
EFTA01136404
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136405

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136406.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136406.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kntya 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2013 03:08:12 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Or this one? 
EFTA01136406
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136407
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136408

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136409.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136409.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kntya 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2013 03:08:43 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
And this pants? 
EFTA01136409
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136410

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136411.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ICatya • 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2013 04:46:26 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
These? 
Sent front my iPhonc
i
ll 
EFTA01136411

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136412.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ICatya 
To: jeevacation®gmail.com 
Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2013 04:46:51 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
These? 
Sent front my iPhone 
EFTA01136412

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136413.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ICatya • 
To: jeevacation@gmailsom 
Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2013 04:47:23 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Or these shoes? 
Sent from my iPhon 
•••••••••• 
EFTA01136413

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136414.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ICatya
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2013 04:48:25 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Or maybe this one? What do u think,Jeffrey? 
Sent from my iPhon 
EFTA01136414

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136415.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem cssulayem@me.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Chancellor Merkel in her youth 
Date: Sun, 14 Apr 2013 16:47:49 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Chancellor Merkel in her youth ! 
EFTA01136415
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136416

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136417.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Steven Sinofsky
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 14 Apr 2013 17:07:22 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: Grant_2.pdf; Grant_3.pdf 
the claim is the first one is for FY12 somehow and the second one is for FY13. The claim hangs on the second 
one not vesting at all the first time. This is all just the moving target that is the comp plan. I am not sure I could 
possibly explain it--it sort of just happens to you. 
Here are the two grant documents--the second page has the grant number which lines up with the spreadsheet 
I sent you. 
Sent from Windows Mail 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: Sunday, April 14, 2013 3:52 AM 
To: Steven Sinofsky 
there seems to be 2 seperate grants in sept of 2012. ? one on sept 7 and the other sept 10? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136417

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136418.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 14 Apr 2013 17:39:53 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_1.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136418
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136419
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136420
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01136421
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01136422
--- PAGE 6 ---
H
--
- 
eerall" _ 
_  ' -
"- 
_ --- 
_ 
- 
— 
....rt.:it: 
... 
....,...........
:T-
. 
-
_ .. - e_ --.. e - •- 
- "" 
- - 
.-
e-- , 
- 
..-: 
.....• 
'''' - --e----
__.
- 
-e7- -;e.-ere.-.-- 
- 
,..-
-
" 
, 
- 
... 
- - -... =1 -..-e- 
. 
a' 'WS tt u a " - - - 
- . - 
- - - - ...-
UM-7,
..... 
,.._ 
- 
- 
- 
_ 
.... .... 
i 
- 
...- 
-- 
- - 
...... 
-- 
TT 
_ e_ fie 7///7---• 
..- 
--1. 
. 
_ 
_ --
-... -.-
t 
- 
__.,...aallinli
a, , 
__:.
...-._
se. 
-eeliii. 
"...' 
--
•mi-- 
.S.. 
a 
Sn
iC401
.Stlir 
-- 
_ 
••• em- 
-e-  
".-... 
- 
- -...e.
 ..- .-- - er.:-
a
: 
r:-.7.--^1•Negis.
-
-- - 
.....:-...„
---"-r 
S 
_ 
_ 
A......r
. .. 
...
7........
. 
S 
a 
'•m
r 
I. .
I
-.- 
_ 
, — 
r
--- aer _ _ 
- 
_ . 
.- 
— 
_a 
alg
a ts
-----
- 7•• - Dz.- 
 -•;10. 0.
4aat.„
- - 
• a<alse 
--- 
.• 
_ 
--
-..salm-a•••-••
•••• - r
5"•••••• 
"'"--401111
- 
.-- 
iragr t
-WrC
-glerik•
.
.....a re
-...%...
alia!".."...." 1" 4: 
•1°' e
a 
44.7 
. 74 7:8C;7101.1". 
*. 
I I ...2..I.L.tr- '..
.. .......• ' a... 
....trA •Si. 
Ii0e
.....M. 
• C•Nli 
M.. 
''' 
.....M al II I IIII;"...
— MIMPP.. .11.1.11"La.°E.it'
se 
-S- ' '.--.• 
-.'  
-'. 
-'' 
- 
---  
e 
- 
• 
..S••••
••
,J1=P• 
SC. 
EFTA01136423

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136424.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136424.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Date: Sun, 14 Apr 2013 17:42:48 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_1.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136424
--- PAGE 2 ---
.--
. 
, - 
aignealftk 
- 
EFTA01136425
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136426
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01136427
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01136428
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA01136429

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136430.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136430.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Date: Sun, 14 Apr 2013 17:41:56 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_1.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136430
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
ASA 
IMP S. 
- 
" 
a
a 
• 
- • - 
-
• 
# 
a rt' 
ait,
Par
tS-01-
-aariaratile
744.a..
l•-••••• 
ner. 
AllillaS
- 
...... 
N. 
- 
- '. "C. 
.._41 Ai Cs4:66:- 
....7 -..S....4.11...." 
„spa 
..... 
-....416'..
..... 
• 
, 
..01SISISISmar 
-...osSa. 
-.....-- 
torn 
. 
S.  
ANA- a 
.-
'.. 
Sm.1.41reat:''' 
I 
-.MN,  
.. 
... 
.... 
a 
...Oa 
...- 
niiiiirt
ga 
M 
a  
- 
- 
_ 
... 
.
reitlirWaiir 
' 
li inaPial. - 
'• 
mass 
... •
: ca tgut`
.R 
let 
•••••1111..... 
:Ch .
:ea
r.
-•••••••••""-.-... 
' 
.40 
glow 
. 
"Sea 
ear 
7ralat
re: 
Y_. 
_ 
..direseer 
- 
• 
EFTA01136431
--- PAGE 3 ---
20-
, • . 
I 
Ilse immigailmis 
r
e. ar
e. 
741 
on -IS 
on-
.0011S-este- 
ate 
rffmaargli
s: 
r. Art I.—to
w
imposlirer 
•••_••itamr 
ainielt
ar
-Cc 
%Sat:it 
- 
ader 
jelarbr
_ere
EFTA01136432
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01136433
--- PAGE 5 ---
_ 
•
_
•
- 
••••••.. 
`MP 
.. ...._ 
---...--
arr....-- 
--..... 
-... 
---....- 
•41••••••-• a.....-
-"" ' 
, 
- 
----- 
'-... 
- '.-...-. 
...-±"..alos• 
..: 
;::;.-..••-•-• 
..••••••• 
_...asei•-• 
.- 
-_ 
iii•••••••••-• 
- 
_ 
plat. 
itlio
a r a tCI 
R ik pop‘_ 
- 
EFTA01136434
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA01136435

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136436.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136436.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136436

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136437.pdf
----------------------------------------
_ - 
- 
r 
--_S----7....----
_ 
-,...--.-------e•r-_-:::: 
- -:a_a.....
- - fr.,1---- - ' r_:::L---es::;±:ii....t.
.;:::Zr_la•--i_
_S
::=T::—H:t- 
r--
--
.
-7,11----__
- 
sec-- 
 _
"--
, 
---.:.-.4.--_-_--n
 -tr ier- 
. -2 4,-....e-----.....-__-_
,....--- 
_a-2-i.= -----
---- --- ..
... --n--4,--P-
- - 
-.------
-.... 
ilr-•""
„airs
-aa
teimittea
-
ir 
- 
Aiwa 
as-"'"*_ 
Agar 
-dr 
Ara/ 
amasprer7-etratrar,-, 
- 
- 
- 
- aeraria- - 
war 
as
. 
" 1"%lijapth•tar_ 
-1PMEInsalmigC_:„."Iser
e
:Zing& 
••••••ai wiiie
llit
a
r sma
e
l•amma - arm
s.: 
- 
--a 
^•••••••:. 
pwor
isimissoett
m.,
 :7%er_
-411011, 
- 
-a-
allir
-.see. 
EFTA01136437

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136438.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136438.pdf
----------------------------------------
_
-.. 
-
_
-
.
-
-
_
-
_
-
-
-
-
.- 
--7.
- i-r- 
--•••••.-.. 
• 
••••: 
_ 
_ 
1a 
-•••••••- 
— •••••••• 
" 
- 
t "IllThr-
• 
" nt itr
alt . .
-._;.:*
*V
itlillibr
il
t !
sloullMmita....t..
-
-•••• 
- 
- 
;AWL Sr.
4,/ 
••• •••• 
•• 
-•••• Sad 
?ffiel' 
C. •••••••:. 
- 
mat 
rer
ti .
- 
- 
-alarbein 
ses s. 
--a 
__ 
- 
eirearee
s
;_ 
ar 
- 
- 
-•*--
• 
•••••_ 
+NM, 
••••- 
et; 'Mak_ 
-••••q-
••••I 
;;;W:iiiirgers  
:nand! 
••••!: ajint 
Fa. 46 
-•••••••• 
• 
gibe. 
= 
-•••••• 
-:rte 
- 
••••„ 
allbualliO
rillin
rillere
as er 
re
asir:: 
akomr -
, 
JP- 
ye-
assurialiais-
-etsibe 
-.. 
--vrear
. 
• 
.•Car..••••• 
Taw 
Aftwor amitemarat 
a! t "Q
---atr 
-"e". 
EFTA01136438

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136439.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136439.pdf
----------------------------------------
.-- •-:,.. 
•--. ..,.......• 
Oc- --•-• 
-7
- 
no 
-1e — 
—.r 
-sT aire
-r- 
soar 
-- 
- 
--s- 
r;...
7-gomme 
—.-...-ri-jr__ 
_er 
- - --
ti;
• - r 
-aa < 
' 
_Ceisahr.
- - 
_e
'.. ...', -- 
-at-sC 
— 
..srcr....x
....<-
._.2-
-- --...--
--,"
-'-
---t
-L-e
-_,...„ 
,e
.,
..,..;,-
--
rita--
> 
Cc. 
j
a i 
ij
+-.._.,
..---
-
- ....6...
.-- 
.s...-..„ a.-- 
...s:_-
- 
c r. 
___
•••••In."-t---1`---
___..._
...:::111.S.,..„7......at---
,_..
..
._-___ , 
- ..... --i;r: - - --.. - 
'-4'.,S;-:- 
.....a- 
t ry -,...___... _ 
_ ....wiay 
- 
-:-g- - -"•"'",_ 
'''' --, ... 
_.-r- 
•••-•,•.-
, 
• --.77:73”: 
- 
- 
• 
lam> 
-4,10erangemiom
t: _ 
- - 
- 
- 
_ - 
 S
ao, 
-••••=. 
..••••7-
IIMEran. 
EFTA01136439

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136440.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136440.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ICaryna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Date: Sun, 14 Apr 2013 17:40:56 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Sent from my iPhoneL
EFTA01136440
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136441
--- PAGE 3 ---
SA
SA 
EFTA01136442

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136443.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136443.pdf
----------------------------------------
ar
eriksilli
catiratees 
- 
. 
•
ffe: 
.;777-
:7ffr 
•-• 
zeL
• 
• 
• 
.
••• 
.
-
•
•
EFTA01136443

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136444.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136444.pdf
----------------------------------------
Saelei
- 
C.
,ter 
*Sat 
• 
EFTA01136444

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136445.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136445.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Date: Sun, 14 Apr 2013 17:40:27 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_1.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136445
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136446
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136447
--- PAGE 4 ---
• 
EFTA01136448

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136449.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136449.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: it付比y 탸'St如 <4ccvaca如n@gmaiI.com> 
To: 1 
Subject: Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
Date: Sun, 14 Apr 2013 22:47: IS '-0000 
Inline-Images: 小1G_7227Jpg 
EFTA01136449
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136450

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136451.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>, "Mla 
Subject: RE: Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
Date: Sun, 14 Apr 2013 22:49:37 ♦0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_7227.jpg 
Great pia. 
Thank you so much! It was short but terrific! 
lust landed. 
Did you have fun at Necker? 
B 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: leffreylpstein 
Sent: 4/14/2013 18:47 
To: Pais Nikoin 
Subject Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
EFTA01136451
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136452
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136453

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136454.pdf
----------------------------------------
'•••04 
.hat 
EFTA01136454

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136455.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136455

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136456.pdf
----------------------------------------
x 
• 
EFTA01136456

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136457.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136457.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
I 
I 
... 
I 
I 
EFTA01136457

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136458.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 
EFTA01136458

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136459.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@amml.com> 
To: 
Subject: Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
Date: Sun, 14 Apr 2013 22:54:37 +0000 
Ionize-Images: IMG_7243.jpg 
EFTA01136459
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136460

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136461.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 'el V 
fI 
Q t
.
. , // 
1;04
.. f.41:179'
..
4,1 7.re 
EFTA01136461

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136462.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136462.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Rc: Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
Date: Sun, 14 Apr 2013 23:03:23 +0000 
Wine-Images: IMG_7227.jpg 
great fun sorry you coudln;t come 
On Sun, Apr 14, 2013 at 6:49 PM, Boris Nikolic ~' 
wrote: 
Great plc. 
Thank you so much! It was short but terrific! 
Just landed. 
Did you have fun at Necker? 
B 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent.• 4/14/2013 18:47 
To: Bons Nikolic; 
Subject: Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
EFTA01136462
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136463
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA01136464
--- PAGE 4 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jgencigign(i)t  
rem, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136465

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136466.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136466.pdf
----------------------------------------
, 
EFTA01136466

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136467.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Photo from Apr 14, 2013 
Date: Mon, 15 Apr 2013 00:58:12 +0000 
Attachments: Photo_on_4-14-13_at_10.16_AM.jpg 
Inline-Images: Photo_from_Apr 14,_2013.jpg 
EFTA01136467

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136468.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
EFTA01136468

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136469.pdf
----------------------------------------
%ms D., WC 
IlNi%10, tth 41,1/4 »WH 
trAl 'I 1. 
II)(10(144 
Md 44 7‘ 
.14 111 th 
[Ut) 
le;:i 07 )00e) 
(,ciel AN 
laJA 
avçpdte Age 
ex3deli 
t6 titfOSA 
(lits 
0, 6is 
6kts 
:nia et» 
ire 
e, g; (M'en 
Aret!) 
°KSI !Ott OSSO tait 
*451A 
-1k1101 
%Ste k •441 1141I05 
10101/05 
ti 
›06etit 
9813d 1/1 
de 35 
00 ti 
f6i5tri 
Outr :>190 6y1 
k 00 
'Latin 
31_4
.  3:38 
suie ZSSLY,1
19511e3 Al9 
a>71Ï— 
1WIsc1 ate3d 
66`mr--------- 
sthstrt 
dies ISIOs Atl3 w..3,1. 
1056 i Ift 441004 
x 
06 At 
titi 
)U lin dee nenkil3 /453a1 
81 
131 oloNet 
MG34J 
ti 
LZ9al. 
136: dAK 46..4i I 1.; 6•1G 
ICI I SNI 
A 1 I' lei IO 
Le"! 
. 
.1 I • 
Inejt 
àbi 
• 
• aiet 
40.11#641 4/04. 
• 
neleu,„ 
Vt1014435 
mcwitiemeOvutw9armmm ItstA JO 
85SC 804 (9981 I tv3 eseeld 
6)8(108a; Inot( itieN aM 
..no), 10841 
v9' l 
00'0t 
9£'8 
85'0 
81'1 
SUI 
6V9 
3no 30NVH3 
psqj 
01vd INn0Nv 
xvl 
pooi 
seueovp I 
nto maJIS 933 L 
ILOP aP03 leg 
Nv6t:1 CI .1,187N 5 I q 
atm 
os ;Ipso 
tee st 
bt, OS 
00s4 
00o 
1009C 
1met 
I6Lite6 
NOI101 A008 HSItn(1N orna 
eesteoct nizININpill VIOC iir 
-1tIS tiV-161D3t1 
1-00 6Z 
ZOC6511 
Z056 
Ave ItnI0A smex 
imotszt 1193d 51331 1/1IO N39 
tOOZZ 
:5 NX1 0100 
:0 ells1Ded OIW 
711 
gelS 
9IU0 
eltuBS
4uatta8euvw 910 
pod,t8 
lelJem orlip 
Ad03 
I 
39NYND 
HSVD 
"W101 
nia 8 x91. nieS 
ive/MS 
It096P1 
OS 3wYJ JO TNN 30 00518 
• 5
I 
I Pi II I 1M NlIf1.13H 
I IV• 
4. 1 
A I 41V3FI 
68(9-pr6 (Cil) 
-#6001 AN '8J0A ML 
rat Antleon 0051 
ebnOS 53411 
VIZIOHd3S 
/‘ 
6E toit 
Wb • wilt 
et,
I 
t beS 
..... 
nt 
A 
let 
%Ma 
t IniS (it. IR Welr -----
ne augure 
TOP 
Me n 3/4 sw Ad03 
d3P iSeld 
Et: Weitt
.paseee
lto 
te
xt:Sur
t 
l e0!;;;J
IM-iit.w;
eeudi:99;:1:41tt'r
Liellie:09 60i;;.piii;il;;L;
eeK:lite  I
ilr
i;leiken47I:U104:140=J '
aSePind WIN 1iI9 
e41 wntiJ 
ll 
elt0d Nan188 gag 
\til toit 
lh 
18tb6t • 6-41 
I 
.0. 
I2 . 
644 4 
4. 
I 
t 
1 
è 66 k 
t/ 
tlup 
6n t. 
1 IC h 1 
mita 
6N 
;I ' 
N, 'A 1; 113N 
I 76 
dN 4,,n4w .448 
11P4 
bb OZ 
CA, II 
66 9 
4-4,4.
41 
i Sb 8 
i 6> f 
6 
66 f 
f 
uc,40 ‘044444V0 
40 11 ti 
bUhlh st•7 ;let! 
9113d 
6 f 
du 8%) le \ !, NIMW9 
dN 
tqi 
IL% 0810 
Mi 
I I (UNI 111,1 Nn301 
(IN Il 11“.1 NI 11 11 1.1 
k31111 
dN 
dN 
dN 
dN 
dN 
dN 
Et» • 14311 
t 1f si dN 
• leij 
66 8 
dN 
66 8 
dN 
69 9 
du vdfli 
9 
(IN +O4I
i hg 9 
..4h 
tA 
1008 
9I, 667 0 RI kt 9 
51411H5u3 
StilhSU3 
0096-fit-4t7 1131113 Snininloi Ol 
313/111 snimnio9 
tin» 9000i lIOHN 
eS1 ira 
je
I 1QHM 
:; 
witsij .(eAdJdov 
S :pana% Ailui pJe3 
viasaid pin Jikauteki 
:AX4000000000(e P 1e3 
VSIA 
loult 
%tint SSOV 
1438VN 
1/8 
*1 RF 71 
plbvp 
. 
Zl£S8l 
t£t 
sh/C09(10t 
£/£4£q 
eungs votiry 
00'IEI 
001E1 
00'95 
00";/ 
itiflow8 
anssi slulod 
:pouie3 
:1.1N pigo aOttlp'\ 
:asvpi Jacelaw 
SU01090SUO3 
t (910 i 
9e4"rinr!!! 
II09d :'ON lift 
86SC0I 
:suvil 
asaas :1lvlS 
s6r,iietio :nus tz:oz Cl/CO/CI :alti 
W03.$183PdS'itelli 
1111 SOL ZIZ 131 
ZZ00I Mi0A maN 
anuany uoltuixal 
satepOultOpig 
kaaa[40dPIN'31IdS 
lyNI9IH0 a N0IiI0Nou IONIUldU NI bmiti 
IELit6t0 
e0:61 
Cl/ZI/C0 
99'0£1 
99'0Et 
99.01 
00'0Z1 
00'09 
00'09 
101599C£ 
0I m831 
LSCS9t0£LS£t0Eh ; «ON H3d3N 
03dINS 
A8IN3 
3SYH3811d :3dA1 SNV8I 
OISVLO : 
'ON Ninv 
**/*$ 
3IV0 dX3 
9£51 
 : 
'ON 0MV3 
VSIA 
300 
XVI S31VS 
3AN/SAM 
"IY1011)1S 
e IInI101AHd 
Mn110IAHd 
0S0S-vtL-ZIZ 
tZ001 AN 'te3A pqm 
3nN3AV N0SI0VN 9Z6 
0311)411 SiS1w3al 30A13 
PUNI Ill n'Inn PR 
Nit 
Nb: s 
ZC'696 
ZC'696 
80'61 
VZ*068 
00'LZ 
00'5Z 
00'SZ 
00'6C 
00'tZ 
00'tZ 
6L'C 
6V'e 
09'68 
00'SZ 
00'SZ 
00'05 
00'901 
L6'/Ot 
610'6C 
00'6C 
00'6£ 
6t'L 
00'SZ 
00'SZ 
Cd 
00'6L 
00'2 
00'D 
002V 
ttn 
We 
4:fitte".‘ 
auseedrohe ' 
• 
' 
--vo•evlis 
ente-wywieœn00414 
501S99C£ 
LS£5910CLSCI0CV 
03dINS 
3SVM0dnd 
9619£0 
0I N831 
: 'ON 11383N 
AdIN3 
:3dAl SNVd1 
: 'ON Nov 
31V0 dX3 
o£sit.,Itsgrtiss : 
own 
VSIA 
300 1V101 
xvi S31vS %518'8 DAN/SAN 
v8 1003 inop 
Tind Ivev32 
iind Ivem33 
1103 IVMX33 
807v S3NAH1 
iintv S3NAH1 
08d 113338nd 
S0D 113338nd 
0310 SV83m 
8313v Iy)I)133 
NI8vN 1vNX33 
00"SZ 0 Z H3V38 1V8e33 
00'ES 0 z 
NIY9 SV83X 
66'S£ if C 31I90N Ove) 
0A 93 IVXX3J 
0A 93 IVXX3i 
1103 IVMX3i 
S/18D 333 V1 
NI8vN IVUX33 
8313V IVXX3j 
801V S3NAH1 
as* S3NAH1 
HUM IVXX3J 
Sd SINN30 80 
Sd SINN30 80 
OSOS-VVL-ZtZ 
IZ001 AN IXelA M3N 
3nN3AV N0SI0VN 9Z6 
0311mI1 SISIN3H3 30A13 
EFTA01136469

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136470.pdf
----------------------------------------
S
. 414,410,Pts-NO TES l&
SE,
20 
X44 
lest If 
tit 14 
• 
SPACE.NR.apothecari 
Bloomingdales 
Lexington Avenue 
New York 10022 
TEL 212 705 2772 
wwwispacEnk,com 
Date: 13/03/13 20:11 Slip: 0110114443 
Staff: Seese 
Trans: 
TILL NO.: PB011 
Description 
MINERAL BODY SCRUB EA 
MINERAL BATH 8 SHONE 
2ea 132.00 
MINERAL BODY CREAM 
2ea I 38.00 
ULTIMATE UNWIND BUOY EA 
CONDITION FOR MAG. V EA 
SHAMPOO FOR MAG. VOL EA 
FULL BLOWN VOLUME CO EA 
FULL BLOWN VOLUME SH EA 
Total $ 
Consessions 
Member Name: 
N.dulge Card No.: 
Points Earned: 
Amount 
28.00 
64.00 
76.00 
22.00 
39.00 
37.00 
39.00 
39.00 
344.00 
344.00 
Karyna Shultak 
636373sass*10064374* 
344 
CHELSEA DRUG AT RED HOOk 
RED HOOK PLAZA 
ST. THOMAS. VI 00831 
340-776-8300 
WOULD YOU LIKE US TO REFILL YOUR 
PRESCRIPTIONS AUTOMATICALLY EACH MONTH 
SIGN UP TODAY...NE 00 THE REST 
OMEGA 3 180 
WM MAGN 100 
SUBTOTAL 
TOTAL DUE 
CRE011 CKIiD 
17.95 
6.95 
24.90 
24.90 
24.90 
03/18/13 
16:30 
SAM 
01823393 u4 
aCt. Am I 
* 
sfro, k,. ss, 
HI I 
dThf- 
fr 
MOB 
Me • 
;k.
4-1 
MY 
ylt 
Stsid " 
'Ar 
'WA 
‘,0 
$24.00 
, , 
journelle 
Upper East Side 
1266 3rd Avenue 
New York, NY 10021 
(212) 255-7804 
DATE: 
3/13/2013 
TIME: 
7:10 P14 
TRANS REFS: IN -UES9092 
MID: 
404343 
LOC ID: 
TERMINAL: 
UES1 
Sales Associate: Ivana C Mena 
Customer ID: 21262172 
'tee 
Oty 
Rate 
Mint 
$18.00 
$18.00 
Only Hearts Organic Cotton French Bikini 
$40.00 
Eberjey Butterfly Valley Boythong 
$40.00 
$18.00 
$18.00 
Only Hearts Organic Cotton French Bikini 
$54.00 
$54.00 
Eberjey Butterfly Valley Bralet 
$24.00 
$24.00 
Commando Cotton thong(ilvie. S/H) 
$28.00 
$28.00 
Cando Cotton 
S/N) 
$28.00 
$28.00 
Commando Cotton Bikinl(Black. S/N) 
$24 00 
$24.00 
Commando Cotton thong(thite. S/N) 
$24.00 
$24.00 
Commando Cotton thcnstshite. S/N) 
$24,00 
$24 09 
Commando Cotton vionvottte. S/01) 
128,00 
$28 00 
tommnda Cotton Bikini(White. Sig) 
$24.00 
.ton thong(Nude, S/N) 
$-18.00 
$-18.00 
,.60 Panty Dlscoarit Its 
TA 
$16.00 
e; 
r 
A,
319.09 
rir pt &SIM 
MOP jp dies 
mo order* it MI 
ot, 
Ma 
fisi30 ramie 
r .r.  
flig$seI eje 
ON_ MO Milk 
see Otir 
I MI 
I 
or , it 
Es ocInn 1 nodes 
59th Street 
1000 Third Avenue 
New York. NY 10022 
212-705-2000 
001 0199-9923 
72014808 0199 7 51 PH 3/13/2013 
RERAN 
BETTER DENIM 
803801119472 
223/30 
FOUND CAL 
CAL XXXXXXXXX9724 
210.00-
Or ld Trans ID 03/10/13 001-0693-1431 
Associate 72385823 
Return Tax 
18.64-
Total 
226.64-
Visa 
228 64-
CREDIT xxxx 
xxxxxxxxitxxx1530 
Sign up for Lovallist, 
our new Rewards program/ 
Every shopper. every doff 
CLYDE CHEMISTS LIMITED 
926 MADISON AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NY 10021 
212-744-5050 
VIACTIV CHOC 
SOLGAR MACNE 
SUBTOTAL 
NYS/NYC 8.1375% SALES TAX 
TOTAL DUE 
VISA 
CARD NO. : ****** sus:41596 
EXP GATE : **/ss 
AUTH NO. : 08252E 
TRANS TYPE: PURCHASE 
ENTRY 
: SWIPED 
mERCH NO. : 430135730165357 
TERM ID 
33665103 
18.49 
15.99 
34.48 
1.64 
36.12 
36.12 
03/19/13 
15:07 
OD 
01913864 03 
ITEMS IN ORIGINAL CONDITION I ORIGINAL 
PROnaCAN BE RETURNEIVExCHANGE0 IN 
DAYS WITH THE RECEIPT. Wm YOU. 
iiitt&l$4****St**44St$1*Warlittittttlas 
FINAL SALE: NO REFUND, AO CREDIT, ND 
El4)4046E: ALL ITEMS IN ACCESSORY DEPT, 
HAIR/PERSONAL GROOMING TOOLS, 4C6IERY. 
NAIL POLISH/TREATMENT, MAGAZINE, SALES 
alas 
lifita******218404LWNWilifis 
21.79 
62.99 
84.78 
84.78 
84.78 
S 17 54 
WHOLE 
FOODS 
*OE rams Raoul 
COL LAWS CIRO. E 
COLIMIuS CIRO, 112 1231600 
A
F 
_ 
1,:-* • A::," 
HARD% 
4055 BrodwaY 
New York. NY 10032 
Cent Katherine 
17:11 PM 
28/1 
SALE 
DOB: 01/11/2013 
01/13/2013 
2/7ftio 
VISA 
2097153 
Card 1000000000=1536 
Magnetic card present: SHOLIAK KARYNA 
Card Entry Method: S 
Approval: 04157C 
Amount ' 
• CC Tip 
Total 
CLYDE CHEMISTS LIMITED 
926 MADISON AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NY 10021 
212-744-5050 
NB OMEGA/ONE 
NB CO 010 40 
SUBTOTAL 
TOTAL CUE 
VISA 
CARD NO. : 
EXP DATE : 
AUTH NO. : 
TRANS TYPE: 
ENTRY 
: 
mERCH NO. : 
TERM ID 
: 
rinsgs***44.0536 
s4/44 
05156G 
Pt$kcHASE 
SWIPED 
430135730165357 
33665103 
3/21/13 
11:43 W 
"EMS IN ORIGINAL Tr
-
-L.KAGE CAN BE RETUP\.:1 
. DAYS WITH THE RECiT-
-:NAL SALE: SDI ERN[ 
?WOE: ALL ITsi 'A 
&1L 
1r4lIgr:
rsatAIWAPAPO *********** 
VICTORIA'S 
SECRET 
-J'reten Avenue 
curt, WI 10022 
d:2-210-1647 
722 Lroxington AVMS 
New York, NV 10022 
• 
V. 
Sign up tor store offers rind events ort„,..- 
victoriaeSscrot cosiCustosirservice 
3/12/13 
Trans . 7161 
Rog 
CO5 
Cornier 1215434 
SALE 
9.1 
Store 5 
fill 
Sales 121, 
' 
1111111.1111 
1111111 
VS STOCKING 
0667525019162 
: I 
vS THIGH HIGH 
0067525016701 
6 
vs THIGH Haan 
0607531251907 
I 
SPRING SECRET AE 
0667523721142 
0 
Deal Discount 100 DOS 
Secret Rewards 
YANG CHEEKY 
0667531453219 
I 
YANG CHEEKY 
0667530561861 
I 
Total Discount 
S‘Ctotal 
lax 0 00005 on 67.00 
'alai 
Credit 
Card: visa 
Account: 
1536 
Autn. 077326 tA) 
Entry. Swipe 
Total Isnot 
;in as 
MAL :TENS PLIRDIC 
wrr 
00 
14.007 
14.00 
18_00 
' 
01 
(0. 
50iti 
:2 50 
t 
sse 
12.50,4 
50 
(0 01; 
00 
00 
CC 
00::: 
THE tea,. CRE:I1 :AFC 
Wire bAlle,16 Evidle$4 IMILI:grce 
Qatar Copy 
oh 
l•. 
EFTA01136470

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136471.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136471.pdf
----------------------------------------
ea 
ea 
• a • 
• 
:it 1; 
• 
• 
1. 
V 
-**, 
• 
A 
E 
al 
s
Et 
sr, 6 
i 
t t 
v! 
SP N  
i
 s :A 
q, 
s s s s itit 
.1 l 
• 
li i t i t 
ci.) 
I 
a-111 
PP
Hi i Hinini= 
-""••••••••• 
M 
a 
0. 
Ca
a 
a 
M 
• 
M 
a 
I. 
K 
all0 
W 
We 
Mal 
W 
e 
a 
We 
a 
Wel 
r.r.. t.-, ...t 
0-.4 
.... ,vs o— 
K 
..0 
---,sc.,. ..t. 
.. uom 
040 taw 
ate., a ace UN 
- I 
ram 
atedaawn0 
...
.W 
alliCata\.4
0
t 
Cu 
+ 
Ca 
a 
a 
a 
MO 
• 
W
a 
a- t-v 
X 
a 
a 
a 
a 
CV 
QC 
- 
C 
as 
0. 
WOr 
-A 
3‘
.. 
3.— , a0t..1 
a 
..20C
aaaUM 
a 
a 
a 
4_3 
at....C1 
a- 
SW 
•-• 
..... 
4.-DaeM 
M 
t4MWAelJeflel 
W 
4.300104..10Wee 
WI 
. 
988
:" 11§4V 40 
4g 
=Wtit 
14,a273aa
O 
y
s 
Si 
f 
en
.NA 
Cin - 
c 
S 
m -D
w
SE 
m$ g 
1:0 4
I
W 
sa 
I ' 
O 
,g 
rlry 
;84Y-1, 
f 
• 
bi 
K 
C * 
s 
• 
a. a a a 
aillinal
ve!•044NaMaN 
. - - 
it 
:871 
g 
:.; 8 
C C 
SI 
41Z 888 C '4, 
g 
Pt' 
149AR r  
c•; oti  ‘,i & 
k 
AA 
S vs 
[R 
aoasa 
a 
t---
9-
Me 
W 
..-401. VI 
••• 
Lvo 
.e 
r  • ''' . .....
,;„.; 
kfirn),,t1;'
,ilez 
A ri 
0 
IS, 
z 
W 
••"„..., 
..... 
• 
• 
• 
IS a. 
....... 
:: .7.; 
at u. u. u. u. 
8"
Im aa-a.
-.
4r +aa...00W 
a 
• 
a 
a 
, 
titnalra 
naMaa 
at 
;IC& 
•• gut,
ll 
MI 
Pei 
• 
... 
, 
„ 
al •• a 
' 
- 
ea 
v. 
cc. 
wa ge 
= X al a 
• - 
a 
a 
ct 
o 
a 
m 
trig:::: . 0, tf,t, 
L', ',225,T, 
.. 
Lta.: - 
,, 
,-. ", •-•;:, 
.. ),... 
- 
:n7a.".
11".. .. 41 :
r:
a. % a lit; t• • .
.. . 
a 
s 
• 
a a . v 
in 
• 
..... 
-ado. 
• 
a luau.- 
ye 
• 
• 
. 
. 
0. 
a 
u. 
naa„'"
..
wir:Ir".3
t.. .. 
ait 
te-t....
, 
• 
... It 
a 
......... 
x 
% 
V.. a  
• 
a 
a 
a 
u. 
el 
a 
Pa 
,.., 
• 
• 
v•• • 
a
aaa 
a•
-
to• W4 
•• •a. 
LW 
a 
. 
„a
titav l 
ent re. 
seam 
aw 
.-. 
rx. o ; o ". -J .-• 
:I , 
"
ilf 
ti. 
It 
tt- 
s 
• 
,,,
,0-.S:IIII2Li!t,11!; ;;.: 
gr s 
.... 
-, 
-, 
a. . U.1 W W 41,1 . 
•
a 
a 
• 
a 
at 
S
V EA : ,t  ,? ,.. 
- 
nu. 
aa...s.
a Ito 
cc -i0latu 
004-10a 
. 
iA 
• 
•
• 
1/44 
LI 
t 
• 
O 
;1 
....... -.!0 
,14 
v t 
S." #salge 
tx
ilaA, 
aaaSawa ?J."
a • 
el ai 
. 
a 
...
.
.. 
WI
 :-..:::: 
w 
• ) 
• 0 
a.
ft  ... 
. 
a 
o 0 
-. 
a 
Itt • 
id° 
' a;s " 
7_ i tax le Ili 1  i
c  
 : 
nei; 
4al  ; 
It,
 e: 
V t 
,, • 
• 
c ). • .... 
. 
a 
' .°
Of 
- tc 
at 
. • 
X .... 
at 
a..a. 
-a 
.., ....x -• ..... 
aa cam 
a ,,, 
o • t 
, 
, , 
•- J_ 
a 
••• , , • 
• 
• 
.„  ii, an
SI 
a 
. 
4. • 
a 
a 
ti, 
••4 1- 
c 
a 
a. 
• 
a 
W to 
a 
.. 
tel
°
 ..:: 
ae  ..,, .. 
a 
C 
.., b. 
C 
Iglaa 
Itr 
th 
• 
. • 
•-• 
S S 
)7. 
N a 
a 
I, - 
• 
. , 
! 1 
. 
e 
e 
W 
_I 
al 
• 
• 
a  
It 
ie. 
:i '' 
. 
:1  
,.., 3., 
is 
a 
1... 
It 
v 
,c4 
“ ) 
• 
La.  
•
. r 
• 1 ... 
S 
: 
"
":!.. 
% 
....
C,  .1 ,1.1 
• 
• 
• 
i• 
• 41 
V 
• 
"-.. 
.,. 
• 
al 
• 
a 
• 
v. 
• 
, 
• 
• 
a 
: 
...., .. :: :12 ....z r• .., 
- 
... 
.. 
, 
a 
. . 
4, ,,,, 
...i; 
ti. 
f• 
... 
• 
• 
a 
I ,
• 
• 
A 
• , 
1 
.
.. 
.. 
• i 
.... 
• 
.. 
•• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
S
gt
gl 
in
rr 
Cr) 
CC 
it
LL1 
> 
> 
LL1 MIZ.b8 
▪ 
C 28 
C-) N 
- 
100 
0 
GES 0 > 
QI 
:a 
•, 
'I' 
nwY 
Xr g 
A 
m/
• 1.4 
• 
C 
:s a:
A 
. 
• 
OOP 
III 
I 
il ic,/ 
.. 
:-L!..! ;"! 
.--
--
t 
VIS 
, • . 
H72 -n8iii3s8 
I
F. i 
.0 
-4+1 
PO 
to 6 
I 
its; 
os- 
,04 
la 
6a 
. 
, 
-14 
.0 
• 
V I 
a 
•• 
• 
• 
• . 
..0•
•
•
tt 
•
• 
I I • 
I h.+ 
I' 
• 
• 
oi
I
EFTA01136471

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136472.pdf
----------------------------------------
'19 
oil 
NI 
I 
DS WE FOR MOM% NZOOMILB 
4040 MOP 
NO 170 
IR YORK . NY 
10033 
I I UM WI) I 
Till 217 923 9582 Stores 3:05 
Qs 9 
mar 23'13 tog) 
in SIDE 2 eVS Order 72 
Or 1704 
\ 
WO 04000LME SAME 
i DEESEBUIGER 
.41)10161 
la% 
lake-Out total 
Cashless 
China 
PERM 42110602 
esslaaellemsel iAR0 ISSUER 
Is 
Total 
701/m. 
2.59 
1.19 
378 
034 
12 
12 
011 
vu it reot
Ilia 
-10 
0033 
ck
: ninsisam
itt er
atils.sii
.
;1101:Ar._ 
/No 
0400:41
r .
1);0
put H • fi
e:7
38. 01: 
east 
tip 
I. 
........... -••••• 
totla 
WM yµle 
Doh Vey, coo altos 
citl(fOCIA 
Invoice 
7907 
Ship To 
K 
\\Sill l INK 
to' I \N I WO l l \ l is I I \I' I ‘II 
Body/Doorifoot 
Upholol 
DoycnpUon 
Will I I GC (ISS 
irssol I IMO! Will
 (if ()SS I ACQUI•lt 
I III I t ttl,Si 
\sil I 
11111 1 1 AN11.14"1„t' 
I i 
("),('A, 
/f ir) illi$1 I \tI), ( 
AND ASSI NMI 
!while , al 
!toilets tall (Nti/r1"/.) 
I astul 
P. Oil Name. 
MUUMUU* 
1141) 
1119 
14M 11111 
0.0010 
lee 
Pain 
Quotidian 
839 termite" Ate 
gee York, Ay 
'Zit:' 
121-75t -581C 
:Ile: 
04315 '3 :12 SIP* 
ward TYPe: 
vise 
Eczt v 
lontext//i/xy)1536 
Caro Entry, SWIPE( 
Trans T/01. PURCHASE 
,nstsei 
Trans Vey' 
1I1007676814691
yattllS4 
uth Code: 
040586 
... heck: 
1757 
lever: 
2822 Hel len 8 
Tctal 
9.35 
Thank you for choosing 
le Pain Ouotidien 
Catering and Group 
Delivery Avai lable-Please Call 
1-855- TARTINE (827-8463) 
NO 
SIGNATURE 
EQUIRED 
Marc 
I 
,tfery M. Schreiner 
Iv az 
Sia
i
le 
nab upipta (LSI SUR 
„tun: 1 so tie 
ratan 
t is 
'I tee 
Nig 
M 
fl y/
IA 
.24 20:3 Xi 
333C 
s....nuic 1 
WWI 
Coy 
Owes Iption 
Is owl and 
AN':PresPlimhi ;DEC cat 
04)194701434 
WIPtRIPI3.10 /010 ORM 
3700194707934 
00 
lb a) 
Pant 
••• sit 
APPreutrAt 
393457401 
1530 
. • 30 
;7/20 
' 0203 PM Sold 03/27/2013 S 
Do\n rl New York 
N'. 
Te! 
,.seaway 
- NY 10003 
)1777.7795 
Visit us itc .•“%bretdownny cam 
Sold To.
Name Karyne Shuliak 
Street 301 East MTh St 
Apt 8h 
°° to NY 
Zip 10065 
WK Tel N/A 
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Items 
MIRROR BALL STAND - SIX BALLS (LAMP) 
$45 DELIVERY 11 SETUP 
()ORR • I y I riot million 
dlivoi y & Sump I hursday. April 4, 2013 
From 6 00 pin 9 00 pin I/hilly/ill/ Included 
Invoice lialence $0 
Driligary_flolaiit.li $0 
Total Balance $0 titili 
Guarantees and Policies 
enychuituaii O1 I 4401.1111311 All I ling Model !hill!' Will filtIll 134a/VOIY data ere eat guaminimori 28% con000060" or 
Milky Itiou I flown IIIII0 filial ill bate. CiolliiIIIIWIllUld le
t t ITS, chancliso upon delivery Any Oarriallag Sound ails! 
frillon Inew, ale. Illitil I alibi dl law lioulilbliti WILhallge p1 
'All claMduab II um! lin IKIIICItIst III /I III tItilivelY 4 ; 414040411 illb icrecil::::001114 for MN  ti4) if adtPansaan Mate"  and
Deciding Custom i epithet orders may not be returnee, 
the atilwasy bblvlin Iturode will fabilli iii di ilelivmy (00 fOr 
dR 
rirgqi MS 
neS Val FOIE SC44,
I 
AT DE 
I I 11 1111 41141 1.111.414I III1 
a • ••••••••••••••••••••40 
Eta* 
PIIMOIDIto 
MvOpl,M lasbox 
:12/ all 
MX SI 
*wen IC 
Malte2SSIS3 
414114111111 
CAC 
DNOICE 
lir 
004 Ctde 
Lip /4ettC 
04:41 
To Wait 
WV CM 
LISA SALL 
IfitalLUALI S3i 
ttOTrN 
0170.4 
Immo 
al re 
St 00 
SALE KAT 
S810.03 
2S% Ithrouga, NE 
That /04 
worn cam 
. • 
- Balance Information 
onni 3 $aw 03 Paid 
Vaia/Maater 
EFTA01136472

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136473.pdf
----------------------------------------
•4'.i, 
t s14:y 
\we. a5.,••4: 
9•:2 
•
Sk.92 
22.2%Mt 11t(y\IIK 
1111201 
oils limit nay 
1111 9 24 2 Ma, 
•• 91 11119 • 
292
IhMat 
i.hma: 
Sale 
NItt 
Zik/I 
• < 
< _•1; r W 1/4, ;4; In, "4 
tit 
Qt..4ktintk. 
e;,4~! 
III11111,111
1,4,49 1 
lottl• 
5,49 ! 
,Q0 
64:341 
8tYl»t t 
11).98 
1141 'kill 
jl kind: Onlim 
1,),•4k4 
$44,1 1i. 'W 
I 
..\b•C •••k,
MOCialli New York, LLC 
Mx %at 
•wellre Was 
CIL•11311 
Sal 
)01 Pa 
Olio 
LI,» 
148.1013 
Metly4 Ststi 
(433 
16:15:K 
Ave Cafe: 
hula: Me) 
1,9912.92 
NS Ms 
net LAIN. 
a Pt LI t OM Kb 
?IL 
ovIiit ty, 5 
tt Il k! 
.51
7I18/1 
1.0.1 
7111411 
I3A 
XXXXXXXXXXXX 15 36 
an(ti 
ie 
Aind: *iv 
'nu 
Nu 31. II 
Wu 15;31;29 
AUTH HO< 068450 
TOTAL 
*40. 0 0 
1MAA NW« 
I NC 10 PAY Sod IOIN. Øu61 
6r(C49110 10 CM0 ISSVIR 
(P110.11 Wfirtwl II (KW 
. • 
***CUSTOMER COPV*** 
hop Nyorm toodani com'entcPancifs/u76383/ars1/ 
o _sp_67183 
~OS 
OW/ D909 
Sakis Order No 136106 
NWT" 
22.1 
142••• 
Si Mira 
Werria 1.2•21* 301 e. Mal a. MN, Km 1,3". PaL 90063. USA 
Mt> Mar 
3m1/4 
4,3a) le•1 Pea Lyib Me/ 
Vida 4,14 
eine~11 
300 e0 
We We 
rag 
Pan 
Me ••••••1•14 
arr 
0.929•99 J
-t -
"lati 
• • •,122 ` 1••••1 
derter) ~So 
Pena 
••••• 3~ 
1011 Mnd 
Mx 
000 
INN NIP• 19.2 IØ
 11•9 tM 
1»00 
art 
Ordered Itani• 
Delivery Service 
Assembly: 
Sub Total: 
Sae Tu. 
Order Total 
Payments 
Ør Balance 
73000 
13000 
000 
88000 
33 
038 33 
930 33 
000 
••••111 JP 22‘1 21~
9. 
• *a •••••• 
• 2y~ 
• aa ppa N /eke, 
• a we M 
fl ea 
?sat. 
%Yaw we y 
~ye 
~GU I& •••• 
• 292.9114 •••• Y nay« S 4.29.99 229 ~fry 
Oa* 
19•••••••• 
129•92~ Ikly • on 
•••••••••• 
eins • 2192a • I aim w.•. 
• • ~ye 
ormy ~fly 
92~•• 
yin 
ye •••••••• 
to ••••• 222 m••.•ye•••eyM 
mew nqM
 ••••••902 
914.012922 • 291.9w 92~ 
Waal 
922 
~Yin 
~a 
•••••••• tl  ••• "way 
øisnyweis 
~92 
la" 
Mk 19•••• ••••••••• 
~SY» 
Ina% 
ly• 99•• 
sol M 2••••••••• • Ivy ••• tY as, •••••••1
29292
SY/a 
•••••• 
i• daisy, 
&ma 
ii
••
l
Nea 
ea 
leak 
WS 1~ 
• •••• 
ea 
••••••• 
N••• 
art 
&Nil 
•9•1•a•• 
Ss 
• •••••y 
• •2•9299•21M Vey c. 
9229 
.~.94.•• 
•• ••••••••= 
*I 
, 2929 is 
yam ••••••••• 
•••••• 02 OS. asine• 
•••••• 929•• Wye SS ~IS 
•••• ~St 
•••••~29 
«2~2 
Isry •••••Q ~ea 
•~•~9 
N ••• 
•• s• ••••• • ~as 
~yawn 
••••••• •••• 
~
• 29~ 
a lee 
a Ink ants 
mewl es rem ~are 
NM reaa yN 4emeam 
ainey• • newt* IOW 
•••22 //,. 
et 
Ile 
kla Iran 
a eleelpa 
", 
ease 
wee 
le a ea 
I:~ 
le 
eel 
•••• •• ay•••• ~ye 
ea ••••• 
••••••••• 
• *an 
if  •••••9 91922220 29 nee 
Na le ISM 
art 
••••
21•2••••• ••• 
N ele 
~am. 
~iteffiøø• 
~WM 
• •••• Valk,. ea 
^pie 
/ea 
miat ea 
as eel 
el ~SY 
W•M•
~Nail 
~be 
la ~nee 
*me 
•• ••• • 9~y 
529~ 
»eV •••••• 
s••••••••• wawa I  ra nimmeem ~re• 
~am 
Ms wan ea me ea m• Iea 
sailade 
as• 
a Pm as y laa..~ 
• 
a  alas  3 ••••••• 
33~
 • l a 
aaialal 
•• 119 ~MI 
N 1••••••• ~my 
•••••••• 
• ••••••••• 
••••• Ny 
~a 
Yin 
sap •s••••• Its ••••••••••• 
• 
ryuces 
y 99. 9229 
w 
922 • 
22219•92 9~
222 s•••••• 
1• 922 Mle" 
Mewl 
ayes 
Ner 
y yew 299 ••• name ly eery 
as 
as" 
ay 99 ~19 
22~ .2 cow • seamen ye. 
w 999 a 
aim 
M 
••••• 
was 
we Vie Fen ran 
s 
WM **M."' 
• ~II 
~Mr* 
ye • 991 •••••• 
• ••••• 
••• • *yr. 
9••• 
~aye 
4990 ••••••••~12. 
Q9 2• 9fl
oa Gl•bly•• 442. 99 I•••••••• 
••••••~9 
• eause 
ems • amm, re sem. • 
ea 
• _a as 
~s
e n ~am 
a en Ire rare aura 
%ea ••••••• 
29•4 99 ~I 
pee 
a 
nee, 
307.2013 4.IS P 
6.I 
fried., 
</M west 18th Sh eel 
Nei. York, NY 1001< 
<212 243-9000 
idel 820034365 
;16tior. 
'‘013 
22 FN 
21.11(SI•210n 
User ALCM:AA 
PPP NICHOL/1 
$4  
Friel( 
u1100533 
I 
IS 
FdLiti 5115 
1111FøL I I 14027 
(REFINE 
IY I l 
8)(10 :I II k l  kyi 
(
• • .1 r /,<T11 1 S36 
a.,In A.! 7d 
tal 
•fr,
97 
97 
r 
i 
ALL SALES FINAL 
The 
City 
Bakery 
West 
18th 
Street 
NY, 
NY 
1OO11 
CHECK 
Ar;?0;?E5414$() — 1 
14osesade Narshmallom 
$1.00 
I Hot Chocolate 
$5.00 
TOTAL 
$6.OO 
smw.thecitybakery.com 
w w.buildagreenbakery.com 
212 365 1414 
Normal 
Time 17:54 
I CUSTOMER 
Welcome to 
The City Baker. 
PICK-UP TIMES 
LiON0t.W._:FRIDAY 
10:00AM •6.00PM 
MR/RØ\' 
/000AM - 
00PAT 
SUNDAY
NO PICK-UPS 
CALL 1 HOUR BEFORE PICKUP 
CkX51C4ALR COPY 
EFTA01136473

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136474.pdf
----------------------------------------
carpet & home 
ABC REmnAnTS 
881 BROAdWAY 
NEW YORk, NY 10003 
TEL: 212.473.3000 
FAX: 646.677.7508 
(EASE VISIT OUR OTkER bunions. 
BC DECORATIVE RUGS & ORIEATALS 
888 BROAdWIXY 
New YORk, NY 10003 
TEL 212.674.1144 
FAX 212-228-1761 
ABC Inrepnnnonnl Dessqn 
881 BROAdWAY 
NEW YORk. NY 1CXX:13 
Tel 212 -473.3000 Exr, 400 
FAX 646-654-0762 
BROIIX WAREHOUSE O07167 
055 BROM RIVER Avenue 
BRonx, NY 10472 
rid -714h 
FAX 71 6 -6.42-6705 
JERSEY WARIAiOUSC OuilcI 
400 Hux1ER STREET 
01141 tAnclorlsnck, t4.1CJ7606 
'id 201-641-3400 
 LIG DEDARITECIT ExT. 222 
FAX 201 -641-2526 
BC CARPET & HOME FlORIdA 
777 South ConcRess 
DELRAY BEA& FL 33445 
TEL 561-279-7777 
FAX 561.279.4920 
L OUT OF STOCK RUGS SPECIALLY 
ORDERED FOR CUSTOMERS ARE 
- ETURNABLE AND NON-REFUNDABLE 
PLEASE SEE REVERSE SIDE 
FOR STORE POLICY 
www nbckorne corn 
41/44)f--
ABC Stvildf 
;NI 
. New York, NI . 
`el. (2.12` 47f 
ax: C21Z) 57' 
irx4:000131i0 
kARYNii 
-1..7: 
Delivery 
ti. rd ',1)4erlatiln 
atmkrrn,rit 
*Tyr* 
S A 
ALL SALES FINAL 
PICK-UP TIMES 
NIONDAY_LEIIIDAY 
10:00 A.M. - 6:00P.M 
SinflOtLY 
- 1:00 P.M. 
SUNDAY 
NO PICK-UPS 
A. 
J7. eS idx: 
otal 3ale: 
PaYsimnt: 
/353 
n't41 
f:NG IC DIU ISSIE Viti)
0101 
• 
1,J,>,rm 
GT. 
AdINGRI4EL 
Y an 
• 
A4W-3 1 I' 
it 
fT 
CALL 1 HOUR BEFORE PICKUP 
OFFICE COPY 
Journelle 
Union Square 
East 17th Street 
New York, NY 10003 
(212) 255-7800 
DATE: 
3/30/2013 
TINE: 
6:18 PM 
TRANS REF(: IN-UNS032389 
MID: 
378364 
L(t ID: 
TERMINAL: 
UNS01 
Sales Associate: Nokia S Duffy 
Customer ID: 321283000 
Item 
Oty 
Rate 
$28.00 
Commando Cotton Bikini(Nude. S/N) 
$28.00 
Commando Cotton Bikini(Black, S/M) 
I 
$28.00 
Commando Cotton Bikini(Black, S/N) 
$28.00 
Commando Cotton B1kInl(Black. S/M) 
$28.00 
Commando Cotton Bildni(White. S/M) 
$28.00 
Commando Cotton Biktri1(WhIte. S/M) 
Amnt 
228.00 
$28.00 
$28.00 
$28.00 
$28.00 
$28.00 
SUBTOTAL: 
TOTAL: 
METHOD: 
ACCOUNT 
EXP DATE: 
AUTM CODE: 
AM! CHARGED: 
168.00 
168.00 
VISA - swipe 
....1536 
xx/xx 
07108G 
168.00 
RETURN POLICY: Most items may be returned or 
exchanged within 30 days of purchase if in 
like-new condition and w th a valid receipt. 
Sale items are final sale and are ineligible 
for price adjustments Please see our full 
policy at www.journ I P 
cm. 
I 
CUSTOMER COPY 
III 
d 
Apple/ Moto, 4111 Av•out• 
/6/ filo, 
Newt' 4, I., kir 
filthab• A.,.- 
. 
272 SP, ;44. 
ocA 
ti • • 
P. 
•ic, 
n, ',to 1. I., 
Match 30, 2013 04 SJ PM 
Karp Sliellek 
kali 
im 
Lightning To LISS Cable S 
Kw! tiumlwr MI 291/M 
flown I/ate:Aid 
2013 
1.e Sump It, Vi‘ii w•••....•••••••• 
Epson 146:44441on Homo XP 400 
P,at Plumber II9••/ I A 
Helton (tit,. AI N' 13.2013 
Epson E moteroon Rome XP 400 
Past numi,••I 11A)/ 11I A 
itrtuonl.aty Ala 13 2011 
S woo 
S 9995 
savys 
!tub 1,14 
Total 
4m, ,unt Pal11 Via %/Ica IA1 
1116 
0/41114 
t 
. t 
I 
Init 
I 411110 lint It Himont IA it 
"flu 
...rn 
(W. 
Sale 
VISA 
t,., L . .,11111536
, 
ApprA. 3n1ine 
70.0: 660402 
63/31/13 
17:65:45 
6666664 We Code: 644765 
Total: 
$ 
42.01 
C.-once Coo, 
;MINK 
!DO 
S 211s 90 
S 1141 
S2111.33 
Snall 
810417 1160 3RD AVE 
NEW YORK, NY 10065 
212-1461-0291 
911 
5668 0042 
FSA RX 0361576 
CIN RF8 33011 
PSC SAVINGS 35.00 
TOTAL 
VISA EACCI 1538 
TOTAL ESA ITEMS 
TOTAL RX ITEMS 
TOTAL FSA AND RX ITEMS 
AMOUNT 
04/01/2013 7:39 PH 
224.99 
224.1 
224. 
.00 
2240.99 
224.99 
APPROVED FSA/HRA 
0,00 
PSC RX SAVINGS Aso45342 
35.00 
THAW YOU FOR SHOPPING AT WALGREENS 
DID YOU KNOW THAT YOU CAN EARN POINTS 
ON HUNDREDS OF !TENS IN-S15 At 
ONLINE? SEE OUR WEEKLY AD F 
MORE 
INFORMATION. RESTRICTIONS 
LY. Sti 
PROGRAM RULES FUR DETAILS. PLEASE GO 
TO WALGREENS.COM/BALANCE. 
RFNI 1041-7425.6682-1304.0103 
1111111111 III 111 11111111111 
FALK SURGICAL SUPPLY 
259 East 72nd Street 
New York. New York 10021 
(212) 744-8080 
OPEN SEVEN DAYS A WEEK 
•9.99 
DEPTH 
39.96 
DEPTH 
79.99 
DEPTH 
13.99 
DEPTII 
13.99 
DEPTH 
9.99 
04.99 
DEPTH 
9.98 
DEPTH 
7.99 
DEPTH 
7.99 
DEPTH 
7.99 
DEPTH 
7.99 
DEPTII 
17.99 
DEPTOI I 
DEPTII 
DEPTI I 
DEPTII 
DEPTII 
DEPT11 
120 
DEPTII 
ITEM CT 
TAX 
CHARGE 
297.01 
04-01-2013 
Pm 11:39 
5734 
85.99 
35.94 
4.99 
4.99 
1.99 
199 
6.99 
01.59 
19.08 
3.19 
Sll•-.1/1 I 
%1-41.•1•
I . 
,,0 
flak 
111 I 1./I PC? 
( 
c $$$$$ • 
pa t 
I , 
it it I Alt.. 
1•1....... 
. „1. . 
• 4 
11, es 17 
, 
,. . • 
, • • ...••• t 
1.4f v. 
OW 
I 
o' 
(.•, •1 
Ht Int) 
.1 
I 
.% I I 
I 
APri
.“
,
“ 
I 
e 
EFTA01136474

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136475.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136475.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dtherreema. 
sso 
« buy 
WALG IS 
WALG311 
NY 
os 
THE 
FSA 
vie 
VICK 
VICK 
VI 
41%)(IT 118.' 
""21336112:1?"' 
9151 
0051 04/01/2013 8.59 PM 
AL
I
NE
t8NAAESS VAL140?0% OFF » 
ROGENNBO
PEROXDE SOR 3% 160 
,49 
171 
LO001111
41,e2• 
04.004. **** 
ER• 
A M PA N RELIEVING Pitif ---- 
.48 SALE 
R jNAR 
73
REN 
AR 
Vgilt9 
AmAP (340( 
0.99 SALE 
EVIi1!EliggICAPS 
t447 
24$ 
6.99 SALE 
R w 
a itil4G?04,10 
A U1L L Ou CAP 
24$ 
1443 
6.99 SALE 
A NU 
AR PRIE 10. 
SAVINGS .00 
N MST 12HR 
FLA 
ARICE 10.49 
"ili 
3R 369
R 11A 
Vile
3061301
R 
LAR PRICEi.99 
R MAM SAVI 
2.00 
DIXT TSAI 
LIO 
BOZ 
leee 
PRlcE 14.99 
10.99 SALE 
EOSPftj
j
ENT 1501 FR/w 50/ 
liE 7.79 00
5.79 SALE 
NG
DINT 
2.5002 X 
AICES 99 
5.99 SALE 
INGS.4.00 
NT$ EARNED 750 
'
ll
9.99 SALE 
AD 
H 
V 
SAVINGS 3.50 
144 
L ITUICAP
6.99 SALE 
PR CE 10.99 
SAVINGS 4.00 
T 
1008 X 
1.99 SALE 
.502 
6.99 SALE 
PR
BE p 
iCG!.49 
i
I1J 
8AIdT LAiG?°140PC 
SA 
18.99 SALE 
FIEG1
1‘,18
R 
SAV 
NE0 
MAX Sin !Ni 
TAO 
7,110 
A 7 O4i 50($4G CHOCOOP9
IN 
MAX iliNGTH TABS 
j
Fij W
F A 
Y05 
A 
FT 
1Jil 
E LANCETS 100S 
ii53ill i 
15.9-
401API 5040 
1/2 X5 
505
15.99
Dui 
AX T LETS 
SsitiCK 
9FIF 
EX THERMOMETER 
F A 
L 
TM 
WALOE EXTRA 
.99 
II 
.99 
vICK V 
SOI 
DI
ISQqP
.99 
NALG 
GAUZE IINX1IN
Tv
A 19 I
.99 
CAPLETS 100S 
x 
P I 
S CHERRY 
1214 "
.fa,
ENTERIC CPO 
• 
l 
in
VS 1
It 
CRM empoTAB 
13.79 
NGES CHERRY 
186.99 
V 
BAY 
SAW 
GAS 
NALG 
VISIN 
TOMS 
IT 
CLAR 
4) lil 
WALG N 
FLEE 
EN 
TOT 
10-
DULC 
AO 0I 
ALKA
ALG 
gg
6J
EI 
SA
L 
TNL 
DULL 
CULT 
LORI 
CURA 
CROPS 
.50 
FRUIT TABS 
Roe e TOES 
EDT TABS 
MD 5522 4-X2.1Y 
yyyy 
14.79 
USABLE COLD PX 8 U 
.99 
xTRA 
011 
A CRM 535 
N5 CLEANSER 
1. 
2.99 
201 
802 
$.79
2;1."
14.99 
S 
!TORIES 
A 
18.98 
OINTMENT 
1.505.99
TABLET 
241 
NT OLD PACK BLUE 
99
40i1 
2,61 4 
-pA 
AU/I 4X4 
.99 
WA 
FIRST AID 
200S 
1482 
1009 4. 
.09
NAL 
t2 
.99 
ETt StERILE 5x9 12 
Mt WAR SHIE1 
N119/11414 
ELM L/ott 
191 
711" 
BI
STIVE 
CRM FG396 
RA FACE MASK 
A 
REWARDS 114 Wii1 
SUNUS tARNtu 
A01.816% 
PE  
GAI 
IEF C
CCT 1630 
X
Ilit 
iftwc 
TA 
S 
11.79 
j3  .99 
11.99 
.99 
DUANE reade 
YOUR ,i14%,72YytegasUareftE 
213!285!Y2309019
311 
6991 
0003 04/03/2013 4.40 PM 
SCUTS TABLETS 
0 7.99 
REGULAR PRICE 9.99 
REWARDS SAYINGS 4.00 
ADVIL PAIN RELIEF TABS 
50S 
305730
5.99
15030 
11.99 SALE 
0 
REGULAR PRICE 7.99 
REWARDS SAVINGS 4.00 
MEDERHA SCAR GEL 
.7002 
30259030320 
A 
43.98 SALE 
4 21.99 
REGULAR PRICE 25.99 
REWARDS SAVINGS 8.00 
ADVIL CAPLETS 
200S 
30573016151 
14.99 SALE 
REGULAR PRICE 19.99 
REWARDS SAVINGS 5.00 
SCARAWAY SILICONE SCAR SHEET 
8S 
89536400214 
A 
22.99 SALE 
REGULAR PRICE 24.99 
REWARDS SAVINGS 2.00 
BAYER ASP LO-DOSE ENTRIC TABS 32S 
31284306132 
3.99 
ARNICARE PAIN RELF GEL 2.602 OISP 
30696900059 
11.99 
PEPTO B1,40t. M/S LIO 
3014 003928 
1202 
1598 
0 .99 
BAYER ASP 325MG ENTERIC CPLT loos 
31204310349 
9.99 
VICKS SINEX UL/FN MST 12HR 
3290001 
.500.98 
0 10.49 
VICKS VAPORUB 3 50Z 
DISP 
32390000362 
10.99 
BACITRAYCIN PLUS DINT 49003 
10Z 
81442800003 
21.98 
0 10.99 
FLEET ENEMA ExTRA 
7.80I 
30132002011 
2.99 
CULCOLAX SUPOSTRS 16S X 
68142102103 
26.99 
CULTURELLE DIGESTIVE 
30$ 
Q4910040009 
29.99 
CULCDLAX TABLETS 
100$ X 
LOIRF
IN iigpfl AP 14tH 
.4202;99
142102004 
CLARITIN 12HR REDITAB IOCT 
04110080531 
51.96 
0 12.99 
LOTRIMIN ULTRA CREAM 
3FRW12GM 
31101740525 
12.99 
'OPER C IMMUNITY ORANGE 7CI 
83366700011 
11.99 
. 
ZDVIL TABLETS
24S 
30573015020 
0 5.99 
TIGER BALM MUSCLE RUB CRM 
201 
03921844020 
5.99 
SAYER ADV ASPIRIN E/S TAB 
20S 
31284354575 
4.79 
TIGER BALM LARGE BACK PTCH ACT 
03927832300 
8.99 
OSCILLOOCCI1NUM
FLU RELF 
65.98 
0 Cer9 
iums x48 BAT S TROP FRI 739196 965.99 
6.99 
115.58 
0573015040 
GAS-X Uk‘ :LpeERRY CREME 
BENADRYL 
EAR X/STR 17167 
11718 
31254 17167 
$ 7.79 
REWARDS BONUS EARNED 
REWARDS BONUS EARNED 
REWARDS BONUS EARNED 
SUBTOTAL 
SALES TAX A:8.875% 
TOTAL 
VISA
GE 
ACCT 1536 
CHAN
1005 x 
15.96 SALE 
100000
3000 
482.93 
5.94 
488 93 
488.00.93 
BALANCE REWARDS SAVINGS 
23.00 
THAW YOU FOR SHOPPING AT DUANE READE 
REDEEM AT THE REGISTER WITH AS FEW AS 
5000 POINTS. RESTRICTIONS APPLY, SEE 
PROGRAM RULES FOR DETAILS. PLEASE GO 
TO DUANEREADE.COM/BALANCE. 
:14 1477 71'W...0916-11nd fin"! 
1 4.
1101144011140444114414144 1414 - 4041 
µi45
441 
(1) pe nce
 I 
TOTAL SAVINGS $?3.01..) 
SAVINGS VALUE 5% 
POINT BALANCE 31170 
Nto AKE FFWA1-.3S ACCT $  
6752 
10LIALANCE I.
1r, yr. 
14160 
17010 
31170 
Sir Unit2116 
1590 BROADWAY 
MferI8ttAn, NY 10023-
Winlitrsday. fell 03. 2013 
7.13(0, 
CASHIER: 71'34 
ciATION 7(4 
C1 C8h0v KIP FlAin 
(1 Runty Simit 
Iota). 
II %Ott l) 
Cr win 
V1µ  
*Wm OCAXEG 
•
-
•
II ~f111 CWO 
$47' 
AA -f," 
AA 'd) 
1'336 
IA SH 
3E0 WITH t Kulp. 
410 L 6151 (l( 
NEU 40R4 R4 1(02) 
(646) 215-41F? 
003(1 10 04/04/13-1350 4' II(' 
- 
Pm a 0036-141/-1002 (1). 
o 
tarn Si Ski0OAL 0 
2161403735 
OUR PRICE 
ERN PAS 4C FILN S-
69956'.061(5 OUR PRICE 
TER PAS 4C SHIN 
72701536475 OUR PRICL 
SUBTOTAL 
11111 
SALE 
NC 8 8754 SAES I. 
V156 
A,Cii 
II
II 
, 179
4.9-i 
, 19
rel YI 
0% 
7OOdOOOOOOO .6 s) 
vX/10( 
614586 
CHASSE 
1111 
I III I!III 111111 
re 
10(56- 
k 
• 
that was easy. 
Low prices. Every Item. Every day. 
1257 2nd Avenue 
NEW YORK, NY 10065 
(212) 223-0347 
1606004 2 006 30347 
5322 04/02/13 10.10 
hµ115511 it* ************* ******* $4µ44t 
11.98 
YOUR OPINION COUNTS AND WILL BE REVIEWED 
BY THIS STORE'S MANAGER! 
Please take a short survey 
and be entered into a monthly drawing 
for a $5,000 Staples gift card. 
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. 
Log on to www.StaplesCares.com 
or call 1-800-881-7723 
Your survey code: 0100 2671 8265 4061 
See store for rules. 
Survey code expires 04/03/2013. 
'"Tome nuestra encuesta en Espanol en 
la pagina de Internet o por telefono. 
Consign las reglas en la tienda.*** 
ilY SKU 
SPLS SUP SAT 8.5X1 
718103138659 
I 
SPLS SUP SAT 8.5X1 
718103138659 
SUBTOTAL 
Standard Tax 8.875% 
TOTAL 
\Ilse 
Card No.: XXXXXXXXXXXX1538 IS1 
Auth No.: 000690 
PRICE 
29.99 
29.99 
59.98 
5.32 
$85.30 
65.30 
DUANE reade 
YOUR 
C;14/27;fliteUlilffaTCR 
NEW YORK, NY 10019 
212-265-2302 
900 
1009 0033 04/03/2013 4:34 Pm 
ONE TOUCH ULTRA MINI PINK 
x 
FSA 35368500126 
39.98 
V 19.99 
TOTAL 
VISA ACCT 1536 
NGE 
TOTAL FSA ITEMS 
TOTAL RX ITEMS 
TOTAL FSA AND RX ITEMS 
APPROVED FSA/HRA AMOUNT 
39.98 
39.98 
0.000 
39.98 
0.00 
THAW YOU FOR SHOPPING AT DUANE READE 
DID YOU KNOW THAT YOU CAN EARN POINTS 
ON HJNOREDS OF ITEMS IN-STORE AND 
ONLINE? SEE OUR WEEKLY AD FOR MORE 
INFORMATION. RESTRICTIONS APPLY. SEE 
PROGRAM RULES FOR DETAILS. PLEASE GC 
TO DUANEREADE.COM/BALANCE. 
• V
11
111 111111 
I ill 
II 
11 11 11 III 
EFTA01136475

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136476.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136476.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAKKEELA 
3920 Broadway 
New York. New York 
212-543-9500 
elver: Daniel 
/1 
'guests 1 
Ti
T IN 
,IAN 
Subtcit31 
Tax 
Total 
Bet 1 et r tc 
nk kk-k. 
n4/03/2013 
12:36 PM 
30011 
Concessions International 
Cyril E. King Airport 
St. Thomas USVI 
HIBISCUS CAFE & BAR 
Date. 
Apr07'13 01:42PM 
Card Type: Visa 
Acct it: 
XXXXXXXXXXXX1536 
Card Entry: SWIPED 
Trans Type: PURCHASE 
Trans Key: C10007735176662 
Auth Code: 05683G 
Check: 
9543 
Server: 
1056 Creolar 
7.99 
3.00 
10.99 
0.95 
11.94 
1 . 94 
The Container Store 
725 Lexington Avenue 
New York, New York 10022 
Phone: (212) 366-4200 
Mon - Sat: 9 A.M. - 9 P.M. 
Sun: 10 A.N. - 8 P.M. 
* * * 
Make Your Dream Closet 
A Reality! 
Let Us Design It Today! 
Small Tailfeather Waistpa 10056168 $24.99 
Subtotal 
Tax 
Tat& 
ENDERS 
Visa 1536 
Auth: 02315G 
Merchant: 103281 
PARRillA 
3920 Bleeder 
New Wilk. New York 
212-M3-9W 
Server' Cashier Daytime 
1219 I'M 
17/1 
S&L 
VISA 
Card n10000000000(1536 
kinetic i.aid 
e:,43 it: J33.1AK KAMA 
Card Entry Method: S 
NP1401431.- 076136 
$24.99 
$2.22 
$27.21 
abc carp& & kome 
mankaltan 888 60«kney 41 619 %Noel 212 473 3000 /WI 212 777 5341 
Join./ beach. II 777 soutk COO811141 IV* 561 279 7777 fin 561 279 4920 
rimmtutt/LKII,finI/Speciel Orden/Wpdahop 
Autkoniaborn/Ftnal Sakn 
• 
Otionty/KL up 
v)-
,o,,,,r (0 mom the bate: 3/27/13 
n' le'S a " 
4003512131 
,inceled willin4A Inn
r
ABC amts. 4 50% 
M
PU1") 
irxe 
spew] ()den cannn, SOH 10:391.14, 
361 
66TH S 
by ark card and 
finaw 
N1 ON 
E. 
Stork Ittrort nt Alt( 
fot 
Irsk•le 
I 't 
t4) 
niercibm 
,.,.hissed "wide 
:A.,' 7 den r 
.tem(s) will be 
Cott n 
$27.21 
be &aged • 296 rnanddy 
• 
~1 
ea% or l4 frond% .3/4111x 
ircludng 
Ins' or rem 
• 
'roa« ally dome a quaky slut to ABC 
with. 48 inn oi de‘vny 04 ABC 
eg 
S.M4. 
- 
•Rdwn,JC 4Incdeawlow 
hi, the ...tr.. 
th..‘ n 
tit  dyn anodn, 
irk,•-ny 
onB. L14/08/2013 
04/08/2013 
3/30013 
Anoint 
lip 
Total 
1048590 
• 
ra. 1`• 
i, ,• Health Nuts 
.is lid AVE (t) ' 
III WYOKK N. Y 
Stares, 
Descrtptiou 
trwiewiwbewi i1.---,) -.11 — 
a 
n t 
up kb W1 a 
..ried thy hIcKal 34." n atirvted. 
. 
laicatsklit.e ,la.(TY. wa be 
Qty 
Price 
Total 
Vitamins 
Original Price: 
15.90 
Percentage disc 20.00% Amt: 
3.18 
Discounted Price: 
15.90 
25.44N 
3.19 
15.95N 
u 
.oceries 
000015646 
Sub Iota! 
Total 
Visa 
You saved 
vel th us 
$41. 39 
$41. 39 
$41. 39 
1531, 
$6. 36 
today! 
II ill I il III 
New York 
W IVIJÅ 
DePosit Acct I: 40(,) 
415N-133 
Twe 
Descripul 
D 1å6Ø071 ØfØ
Ftt 
FJD Deliver 
ic,
MP TO: 
94LIAK, MINA 
301 E. 66111 STU 
APT EN 
New York 
gi 10Cfi 
nas s.'41914144;4;3 S1/3
294 
%Inv,/ DAcItnna 
Qlt 
lkird InforwItion 
kith GO:05171G 
ti$*********MG 
02steimet Siglatur 
Tr. nA.1.: 
icari.shullatk# 
Tel I :(646) 
I : 
shulidk, karma 
Auleen d~ø -~ar 
CLYDE CHEMISTS LIMITED 
926 MADISON AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NY 10021 
212-744-5050 
MICRO FORCE 
MICRO FORCE 
FRI/EARTH AL 
CLEAR ZINC S 
BAYER LOW DO 
CENTRum ULTR 
NB FISH OIL 
NB MAX SIREN 
NB CO 010 40 
SUBTOTAL 
NYS/NYC 8.875% SALES TAX 
TOTAL DUE 
VISA 
CARD NO. : 
ExP DATE : 
AUTH NO. : 
TRANS TYPE: 
ENTRY 
; 
MERCH NO. : 
TERM ID 
: 
tastsssss:*1535 
ss/ss 
02020G 
PURCHASE 
SWIPED 
430135730165357 
33665102 
28.49 
28.49 
8.49 
13.99 
5.49 
32.99 
13.75 
19.49 
62.99 
214.17 
5.82 
219.99 
219.99 
04/05/13 
10:07 
MG 
01919234 02 
ITEMS IN ORIGINAL CONDITION 6 ORIGINAL 
PACKAGE CAN BE RETURNED/EXCNANGED IN 
DAYS WITH THE RECEIPT. THANK YOU. 
*************Ising* ********** **sum 
rtwet SAtF: N0 REFUND. 40 CREDIT. NO 
P 
511 alk 0 05
slue TAX 2.42 /Al
74.: 
F 
E
Ys s• 
Ate! II  
Sol I 4523 
A•ithQr :gat ic); I 07201G 
CHANGE 
85 
1536 
L 444..NN! 
• 19 
T/00/13 4 25 1'w ...I.E. :7 0409 523 
Your 
;re 
.a iNIQUAN 
It to the Shots Pint Foundation! 
Evora Doll« Coontol 
d Parts 
coo 
9517 
T : 
Or» 
rwri ;, 
Sales 
Totel 
Pay‘ 
Balance 
i 
Ass: 
SaiR A«ErrIN1. 
Per is a:curate. 
F
-of 
atove
 this central. 
520.(x.: 
WH&E 
FOODS 
WHOLE FOODS MARKET - COLUMBUS CIRCLE 
COLUMBUS CIRCLE 212-123-9600 
).; . 11 
99 /lb 
wr 
APPLE FUJ2 
(I'M( PI 
UP 
brl DIP I SO 
EaPw r 
kriws 
ii‘ffim 
UV 
bi t LIP 0 Oh 
EU PRY 
h. tlf h t kin 
SI lb d 
fl  /lb 
U .; 
NANaNAs idwit 
ikk!- • 
i. 
NP 
91 F 
ITEM • 94131 
Y NP 
49 F 
MP 
50 F 
1602 NP 
49 i 
NV 
269 
NP 
F 
NP 
99 
NP 
99 
TARE • 01 
INPO NP 
29 F 
ITEM • 94237 
it 3 99 
ki.r• 
5144( 
wri 
ft.tX; 
3 99 
( 98 9 
BIOL5tk'11
NP 
F 
SA1.1f 
f11.41 01/
NP 
NP 
NAIIR STILL 
NP 
LI 45 B 
CUSTaR COPY 
EFTA01136476

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136477.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 15 Apr 2013 04:25:11 +0000 
Attachments: IMG_0925.MOV 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136477

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136478.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136478.pdf
----------------------------------------
No Images Produced
EFTA01136478

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136479.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136479

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136480.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136480.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136480

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136481.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136481.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136481

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136482.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136482.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: mirrors 
Date: Mon, 15 Apr 2013 20:47:45 +0000 
Inline-Images: newljpg; new_3.jpg; 2013-04-09_05.43.32a_copiajpg; new_2.jpg 
Sent from my iPad 
Begin forwarded message: 
Date: April 15, 2013, 4:28:08 PM AST 
To: 
Subject: kiss 
ecco alcune prove. Kiss 
EFTA01136482
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136483
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136484
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01136485

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136486.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136486.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com)" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: JMWT Acq LLP-formation docs 
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2013 02:09:14 +0000 
Attachments: img-415214742-0001.pdf 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM [mailto:NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM@apollolp.com] 
Sent: Monday, April 15, 2013 9:48 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 24 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com/ 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01136486

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136487.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com)" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: JMWT Formation docs 
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2013 02:08:47 +0000 
Attachments: img-415215035-0001.pdf 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM [mailto:NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM@apollolp.com] 
Sent: Monday, April 15, 2013 9:51 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 50 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com/ 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01136487

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136488.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Google+" 
To: jeevacationggrnail.com 
Subject: Delon recently joined Google+ 
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2013 05:04:59 +0000 
Delon recently joined Google+ 
Delon de Metz from your contacts recently joined Google+. Add him to your circles to stay connected. 
Delon de Metz 
Add to circles 
Change what email Google+ sends you. 
Google Inc.. 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy. Mountain View, CA 94043 USA 
EFTA01136488

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136489.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.eom> 
To: ' 
Ire
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2013 13:05:59 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhon 
EFTA01136489

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136490.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Larry Summers 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2013 13:27:58 +0000 
Attachments: Intemational_Advisory_Team_for Mongolia.docx 
if you want 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136490

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136491.pdf
----------------------------------------
ATTACHMENT TO SEXUAL OFFENDER 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
REGISTRATION FORM 
Automobiles, Boats, Aircraft. Telephone Numbers, Email Addresses, Twitter & Other Internet Account Information 
AUTOMOBILES 
2005 Cadillac Escalade 
2010 Choverolet Suburban 
3I2002 Mercedes Benz 5500 
4i2010 Choverolet Suburban 
&2005 Cadillac Escalade 
_6 2007 Hummer 112 
2000 Chevrolet Suburban 
8,2006  Bentley Amen() RL 
9!2012 Cadillac Escalade 
Tiirobb Range Rover 
11/2013 Dodge Caravan 
1212013 Ford Expedition EL
Nan= 
Numbst 
_Maher 
1:1999 35' Rlbtec with Yamaha Engine 
Nana 
1984 40' Logical Catamaran 
Lady G 
2011 Yamaha VX1800A-KB 
rVa 
2010 39' Midnight Express Cud•VCabi Mid Express 
2011 Yamaha VX1800A-KB 
nla 
2006 31' Cape Horn 
7:2008 36' Procat 
8kessAva -1968 73' LMC-8 (barge) 
Big N 
Boat 
License 
Swt: 
Plate 
Rucpstur La 
Co;u: 
Property_ 
USVI 
Black LSJ 
USVI 
iBladciLSJ 
Florida 
Florida 
New Met 
New Mexico :Black : New Mexico 
New Mexico Black New Mexico 
Flonda 
Black iNew York 
New York 
!New York 
New Mexico Brack New Mexico 
USVI 
New Mexico 
1Bladc1Florlda
Black l Florida 
Black New Mexico 
Registration 
Hull ID 
2709-TB 
99507 
0259-TC 
 D1056602 
 „. 
US-YAMA2823D111 
EXK39173J910 
US-YAMA3205C111 
FAB31056K506 
WJIF1016B80 
4106-TC 
3499-TC 
4105-TC 
0730-TC 
2907-TC 
2583-TC 
Black 
Black 
LSJ 
New Mexico 
LSJ 
ILSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
PRD 
Little C 
Registration
Tall Number 
AIRCRAFT 
Airports for all locations 
1:1968 Boeing  727 
2i 1974 Gulfstream G-IIB 
312001 Bell 430 
N908JE 
N909JE 
N331JE 
i74CM6763 
The Cyril E. King airport in St. Thomas 
West Palm Beach International & Boca Raton Airport 
Santa Fe Municipal Airport &Aibggergup International, New Mexico  
John F Kennedy International Almon. Newark International Airport &! 
! 
Teterboro. NJ plus East 34th Street Heliport - 34th Street & FDR Drive. 
• 
Wall Street Heliport - Pier 6 & FDR Drive & VIP Heliport - West 30th 
Street & 12th Ave 
LANDLINES 
20: 
22:
24i 
25: 
26: 
27:
JEE linos 
JEE linos 
4JEE lines 
JEE lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
.  staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
lataff lines 
ftaff lines 
(staff lines 
EFTA01136491
--- PAGE 2 ---
  staff lines 
_i_sfraff lines 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
Florida 
Florida 
Florida 
Florida 
Florida 
Florida 
Florida 
Florida 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
Now Mexico 
Now Mexico 
Now Mexico 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
New York 
New York 
New York 
New York 
Now York 
New York 
New York 
New York 
New York 
Now York 
New York 
New York 
New York 
New York 
Now York 
  staff lines 
 I staff lines 
_i_sfraff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
I staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
 staff lines 
 Isle lines 
_4.ttaff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
JEE line 
Staff line 
fax 
Staff lie 
Staff line 
fax 
Staff line 
fax 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff lie 
JEE line 
JEE line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line
Staff line 
JEE line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
fax 
ax 
Staff line 
ax 
Staff line 
ax 
Staff line 
Staff line 
CELLPHONE 
I 
INTERNET RELATED INFORMATION - SEE NOTE BELOW 
EMAIL ADDRESSES 
!aolumbladentaliavaheosom 
!JeevacationQme.com  
ijeevacationt airne.com 
reeoroiectenrahoo.com 
jreevacationaomail.com 
ileffreveleffrevenstein.orn 
EFTA01136492
--- PAGE 3 ---
Riffreyeosteinoranomail.00rn 
ileffreyeasteinoranyahoo corn 
... 
_ 
-I-__ 
iieffreyepsteinefive.com 
WEBSITES 
www.leffreyepsteinfoundation corn 
._..,.., .wimv.leffreyeosteinsciance.com 
!wikwieffreyepstein.ora 
www.ieffreyeostein.us 
www.leffreyeosteinbloo.com 
... 
_ 
www.leffreyensteinforum.00m ... 
lwinw.leffreyeosteinusvi.corn 
,incyn,v.ieffreyepsteineducation.com 
... 
... 
wviwleffreyepsteinintornational.com  
www.jeffreyepsteinnowyork.com 
TWITTER 
..... 
...............L I__ 
jeffrey_epstein 
__. jeffreyepsteinl 
OTHER INTERNET ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
Company 
, 
Type 
— 
Screenname 
User Name 
i 
:411 
Lacoupons 
business directory 
business directory 
public profile  
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
ighristinar&ieffreyeostein.oro 
— 
christinaeieffreyeostein.orq : 
aboutus.m.
'Jeffrey Epstein 
I
AlrYell 
IJeireveosteinorgagmail.00m 
business directory 
'Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
ichdstinapieffrevepstein.om 
AmericanTowns 
Ibusiness directory._ Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
ichdstinafteffrevepsteIn.ora 
jbusiness directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
IchdstinaMeffreveostein.oru I 
k
Avantar 
BestOfTheWeb 
business directory 
Epstoin VI  Foundation 
Ichnstinaaieffrevenstein.oro 
.AJeffrey 
thing local 
business directory 
;Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffreveostein( (ive.com 
_...1E1bpspot (www.jeffreyepstelpblcgsom..) 
iElpgspot  cynew:jeffreyepsteinforum.comlblog
iChamberofCommercecom 
bldg  host 
host 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
ileffreyepsteinorragmailcom 
Jeffrey Epstoin Ideas Forum 
 ljeffreiepsteinomeomailcom 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
lchristinaeieffreyeostein.oro I 
icitysearch 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
lchristinaaleffreyeostein.oro i 
ICitySquares 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Lchristinaaleffreyeostein.OM I 
iClIrtSearch 
,business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
ichristinaffieffreyepstein.org j 
iCoPlot 
;Cricket 
!business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
public profile 
 ..Jeffrey 
public profile 
public profile 
business directory 
website 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
ichdstina(6≥ieffreveostein.oro I 
Jaffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
!thristinaMeffreyenstein.oro I 
iDelldous  ----
..... p49_             
eLocal
EZIocal 
iFacebook 
ieffreyepsteinl 
aeffreyensteinoraaomailcom 1._. 
 The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
Offreyeosteinomnomail.com 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
!chrIstinafteffrevepstein.oro 
:, 
• 
.... 
Jeffrey Epstoin VI Foundation 
!chrlstinaeleffreveosteln.oro 
The Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
!ChristinaQieffreveosteln.orq 
,..__L.FacAual  
.,...,_ 
..„. 
l Flikr 
.. . 
Flikr 
Gather 
GetFave 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
ichdstinaeleffreveostein.oro 
Epstein 
OffrevenSteinOrcayahoo.corn 
-
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
ijeffrevaleffrevepstein.ork 
Jeffrey Epstoin 
'Jeffrey epstein I 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
!christinatateffrexepstein org 
,,,,,,,Go Daddy 
____, 
pc, Daddy 
..................................... 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
www.ieffroyeostein.org 
jeffreyespleinfoundation___... 
ijeffreyepsteinfoundation ........... 
.... 
website 
wwwieffreyeosteinscience.com 
website 
website 
website 
www.jeffreyepstein.us 
wwwieffreveosteinusvi.com 
www.ieffreveosteineducation.com  
wiwe.iefireveosteinintemational.com 
www.jeffreyeosteinnewyork.c001 
ijeffreyepsteinfoundation 
aeffreyepsteinfoundation
9effreyepsteinfoundation 
aeffreyepsteinfoundation 
ileffreyepsteinfoundation 
leffrevepsteinoroAomaIl.corn 
, 
_Dadck 
- 
GoDaddy   ..      ..  
Google + 
Google Maps 
HopStop 
website 
website 
• 
..... 
.... 
_ 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
n-p job srch engine 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein 
...;. 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrev( ieffrevepsteln.oro 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
thristinaeleffrevenstein.orq 
org 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
iectalbraIth christinaayahoo.com 
_. 'idealist 
_ 
... 
_ 
Unkedln 
... 
Live 
LOCalicom 
LocalDatabaso 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Oeffreyepstein L_... 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory.
directory 
business directory.
business directory 
business directory 
business directory . 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstoin 
effrevepsteinalive.com 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
christinaeleffreyepstein.orq
christina@Ieffreveostein.org 
LocalPages 
--... 
manta 
...
business 
MapOuest 
MercharaCircie 
MetroPCS 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstoin VI Foundation 
christmaaleffreyenstein.oro
effreyaleffreyepstein.om 
1_,..._ 
, 
• 
.... 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
._. 
ohrIstinafteffreyepstein.org 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
ohrIstinaaleffreyepstein.org
christina@Jeffreveostein.org 
MoloPages ..________ 
Myspace 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
christinaaleffreyenstein.oro .I.
jeffreyeosteinoroddomail.com 
EFTA01136493
--- PAGE 4 ---
iNaymil 
ibusiness
'Patch. 
directory 
iyleffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
 ichristinaeieffreyeostein.ora 
directoa4Jeffrey Egrein VI Foundation 
igilmjiins@jeffreyearejnorg., 
[business directory 
;Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
christina@ieffreyepstein.org 
1..... 
,_,{business 
IPhoneNumber 
lPhotobucket 
!public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein 
1effreyepsteinorgayahoo.contl
•Pinterest 
.[PR.corn 
iShowMelocal 
40usiness 
i'public  profile 
press releases 
directory 
[public profile 
Jeffre Epstein2 
 jireffreyaieffreyeostein.ora 
'The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
 Stalbraith chnstinaQyahoo.com 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation W, 
ighristinaeleffreyeketturg., 
Jeffrey Epstein 
ileffreyepsteinorpaumailcom 
I 
— 
iSodahead 
IStumbleupon 
!public profile 
reffrStein 
ijeffrey-epsteinj
•Superpages 
.. !SvAtchboard 
Ibusiness
iTechnoratl 
'business directory 
directory._._ 
,_,
effreyepstelnl2 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
 ichristinaareffreyerntein.ora 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
 ;chdstinaeieffreyerntein.ora 
iJeffreyEpstein12 
i 
I 
— 
,W{eublfc,profile 
iTopix 
W, 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
ichdstinagreffreyepstein.orp.
.Tupalo 
'business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
!chdstina@jeffrey_epstein.ona 
!Uhler 
!uscitmet 
iyimeo 
public profile 
business directory.  
business directory 
website 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein 
 jeffreyeosteinorepomail.corn 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
 ;christinaeieffreyeostein.orq.
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
ichristinaaieffreyeostein.org 
[Webbs 
www.jeffreyepsteinfoundation.corn 
irjeffreyepteinfoundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
ichristina@jeffreyep.stein.ona.
(Where To? 
!White 8. Yellow Peps 
[WhitePages
!Wildpedla 
business directory 
business directory.  
public enpyclodpedia 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
ichristina 
effreyeWein.op2 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
ichdstina 
effreyepstein.ona 
Jeffrey. Epstein 
iTuryille 
(Yahoo 
Jeffrey 
ileffreyepsteinomOyahoncom 
!Yahoo! 
business directory_ 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
ichdstinaaieffreyepstein.Ore I 
.)Yellowlse 
iTellowbook 
yellowBot 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
:business directory_ 
:business directory 
:business directory 
portal  directory 
public profile 
SITES MAINTAINED BY 
RELATED ACTIVITIES 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
jeffreyeieffreyerntein.ora 
ichristinaaieffreyecistein.ora 
christinaftieffreyebsleinogi 
iTellowMmde 
christinaeJeffreyepstein.org 
iTellowPeireCity 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
christinaf&reffreyepstein.Ore 
—4.—
'Nellceypeges 
:Yelp 
iYext 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI FounclOon 
Jeffrey Epstein' 
adstinaeieffreyerntein.orn 
;chrlstinaaieffrevepstein.oro 
 iChistinaajeffreyopstein.i:Lrg
jef reyepsteinor 
You Tube 
__________ 
ADDITIONAL WEBSITES AND BLOC 
PHILANTHROPIC, SCIENCE OR BUSINESS 
iwew.ieffroycipstein.co 
gmail.com 
THIRD PARTIES WITH CONTENT RELATING TO 
OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
i 
wynitieffreyepsteininfo.com 
hwny.leffreyeosteinfinance.com  
hmtny.leffreyeostein93.wordoress.com 
I—
..... _ 
.;yerny.leffreyeesteins.blouspolcom 
www.leffreyepstein93.1ux.com 
. 
provide reputation mane emeat 
blob sites. associated email 
which are neither created 
has been disclosing 
thereto. as and when 
Certain accounts listed 
providers provide links 
with Mr. Epstein snd'or 
NOTE: Mr. Epstein has retained third parties to 
independently create Internet accounts. websites. 
accounts and content concerning Mr. Epstein, but 
Out of an abundance of caution, however. Mr. Epstein 
related inform alWn. and any changes and additions 
services. These thkd parties 
addresses and other web-based 
nor used by Mr. Epstein. 
and will continue to disclose such Internet 
such information is disclosed to him by such . 
third party reputation management service providers. 
iby such third party reputation management service 
accounts fail of which are listed above) associated 
above that were established 
• 
to websites. email addresses and other 
i 
his business, science or philanthropic related activities. 
EFTA01136494

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136495.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 27 May 2015 23:42:37 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 8474.JPG 
So great! 
EFTA01136495

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136496.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136496

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136497.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin <I 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Karyna Shuliak 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2013 18:53:52 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: Fact_vs_Fiction.pdf 
The date of the lunch is September 30th. See attached PDF. We of course are going to make each one 
personalized. If you can think of anyone else, perhaps with a company or a corporation, let me know and I will 
send to them. 
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2013 14:40:01 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
eva can you call me 
•********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136497

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136498.pdf
----------------------------------------
Date 
Imi DUBIN BREAST CENTER 
Q
SECOND ANNUAL 
FACT VS. FICTION 
LUNCHEON AND SYMPOSIUM 
g 
Full Name 
Company 
Address 
City, State 
Zip 
Dear Name Lastname, 
FACT. TRUTH. REALITY. KNOWLEDGE. EDUCATION. 
We hope you will consider joining us for the Second Annual Dubin Breast Center Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon and 
Symposium taking place on Monday, September 30, 2013 at 320 Park Avenue in New York City where you will have 
the rare opportunity to ask the experts anything about breast cancer diagnosis, treatment, and prevention. Don't miss 
out on the conversation! 
As someone who cares deeply about breast health, you know that medical science is making breakthroughs in the field. 
The Dubin Breast Center of The Tisch Cancer Institute at The Mount Sinai Medical Center is at the forefront of this 
progress. It is one of the only clinics in New York to offer innovative new technologies such as 3-D mammography, which 
provides earlier and more accurate diagnosis of breast cancer, and leading edge procedures such as seed localization, 
which allows surgeons to target and remove breast tumors more precisely. In addition, our 15,000-square-foot facility 
houses a full range of integrative and wellness services, cancer screening and biopsies, cancer treatment (surgery, 
chemotherapy and radiation), patient and family support services, education, genetic counseling and testing, onto-fertility 
services, access to clinical trials, and survivorship support. The Center represents a bold vision for breast cancer treatment 
and research, focusing on the holistic health and well being of individuals with or at risk for cancer. Patients receive highly 
personalized, multidisciplinary care in a calming, private, and supportive setting. 
The Fact vs. Fiction luncheon, moderated by Perri Peitz, is a unique event designed to introduce Mount Sinai's leaders 
in Breast Cancer: Elise Port, MD, FACS in Breast Surgery; Kerin Adelson, MD in Medical Oncology; Laurie Margolies, 
MD in Breast Imaging; Guy Montgomery, PhD in Alternative Medicine; Philip Landrigan, MD, MsC in Environmental 
Health; and Carlin Vickery, MD in Reconstructive Surgery. Each of them will give you answers, decipher the myths from 
the truths, and open up a dialogue about breast cancer diagnosis, treatment, and prevention. The collective expertise 
of the panelists will be sure to provide an informative and inspiring event. 
Please consider helping us share the opportunity to "ask the experts" by reserving a table and inviting the people 
you care about. We are enclosing a response form for your convenience and thank you in advance for your support. 
Sincerely, 
ehinf.Q. 
Eva Andersson-Dubin, MD 
Founder, Dubin Breast Center 
THE MOUNT SINAI MEDICAL CENTER • DUBIN BREAST CENTER 
ONE GUSTAVE L. LEVY PLACE, BOX 1049/1050 NEW YORK. NY 10029.6574 
Mount Dubin Breast Center 
Sinai 
of The Tisch Cancer Institute 
EFTA01136498
--- PAGE 2 ---
INIE DUBIN BREAST CENTER 
O
SECOND ANNUAL 
FACT VS. FICTION 
LUNCHEON AND SYMPOSIUM 
PLEASE RESERVE THE FOLLOWING: 
O FACT TABLE AT $10,000 
• Table for 10 at the luncheon with priority seating 
• Special recognition during the event 
• Recognition in the printed program 
• Listing on Oubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall 
• Membership of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends Annual 
Giving Society and will receive special benefits including important 
contact information card and invitations to attend members-only events 
O TRUTH TABLE AT $5.000 
• Table of 10 at the luncheon with priority seating 
• Recognition in the printed program 
O REALITY TABLE AT $3,000 
• Table of 10 at the luncheon 
• Recognition in the printed program 
O KNOWLEDGE TICKET(S) AT $500 
• Priority seating for one at the luncheon 
• Recognition in the printed program 
O EDUCATION TICKET(S) AT $300 
• Seating for one at the luncheon 
O I AM UNABLE TO ATTEND BUT WISH TO MAKE A FULLY TAX DEDUCTIBLE CONTRIBUTION OF $ 
O ENCLOSED IS MY CHECK Please make checks payable to "Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai.' 
O PLEASE CHARGE MY: 
PERSONAL CREDIT CARD 
CORPORATE CREDIT CARD 
AMERICAN EXPRESS 
VISA 
MASTERCARD 
DISCOVER 
CREDIT CARD NUMBER 
EXP DATE 
NAME 
COMPANY 
ADDRESS 
CITY 
STATE 
ZIP 
PHONE 
EMAIL 
TO REGISTER ONLINE. VISIT PHILANTHROPY.MOUNTSINAI.ORG/DBCLUNCHEON OR RETURN THIS FORM WITH YOUR PAYMENT 
TO THE MOUNT SINAI DEVELOPMENT OFFICE AT ONE GUSTAVE L. LEVY PLACE. BOX 1049. NEW YORK, NY. 10029-6574. 
Tax-10/1 13-6171197) Contributions are tax-deductible to the extent pmvided by law. The non tax-deductible portion of each ticket 
is $85 and the non tax-deductible portion of each table is $850. Gifts from donor advised funds. foundations. and charitable trusts may 
not be used for purchases that provide tangible benefits to any individual. Tax receipts will be mailed after the conclusion of the event. 
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION. PLEASE CONTACT REBECCA KANE SOLINSKY 
AT 212.731.7486 OR REBECCA.KANE@MOUNTSINAI.ORG 
Mount Dubin Breast Center 
Sinai 
of The Tisch Cancer Institute 
EFTA01136499

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136500.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2013 19:24:11 +0000 
Attachments: Fact vs Fiction.pdf 
do you want to go to evas thing , as my guest,? im not going 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136500

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136501.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136501.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Roy Hodges
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2013 19:29:43 +0000 
Attachments: Ken_Yellow_List_LSJ.xlsx 
Please find attached. 
On Tue, Apr 16, 2013 at 2:53 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
plese put on an excel kens yellow list. i do not want any coconuts, ficus,  we can buy locally, is my guess, 
have chris review for local . as it is a truck away. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Roy & Stephanie Hodges 
EFTA01136501

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136502.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136502.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2013 19:37:58 +0000 
Attachments: Ken_Yellow_List_LSJ.xlsx 
compare prices 
Forwarded message ---
From: Roy Hodges  
Date: Tue, Apr 16, 2013 at 3:29 PM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>
Please find attached. 
On Tue, Apr 16, 2013 at 2:53 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
plese put on an excel kens yellow list. i do not want any coconuts, ficus,  we can buy locally, is my guess, 
have chris review for local . as it is a truck away. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Roy & Stephanie Hodges 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA01136502
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136503

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136504.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136504.pdf
----------------------------------------
Date 
Imi DUBIN BREAST CENTER 
Q
SECOND ANNUAL 
FACT VS. FICTION 
LUNCHEON AND SYMPOSIUM 
g 
Full Name 
Company 
Address 
City, State 
Zip 
Dear Name Lastname, 
FACT. TRUTH. REALITY. KNOWLEDGE. EDUCATION. 
We hope you will consider joining us for the Second Annual Dubin Breast Center Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon and 
Symposium taking place on Monday, September 30, 2013 at 320 Park Avenue in New York City where you will have 
the rare opportunity to ask the experts anything about breast cancer diagnosis, treatment, and prevention. Don't miss 
out on the conversation! 
As someone who cares deeply about breast health, you know that medical science is making breakthroughs in the field. 
The Dubin Breast Center of The Tisch Cancer Institute at The Mount Sinai Medical Center is at the forefront of this 
progress. It is one of the only clinics in New York to offer innovative new technologies such as 3-D mammography, which 
provides earlier and more accurate diagnosis of breast cancer, and leading edge procedures such as seed localization, 
which allows surgeons to target and remove breast tumors more precisely. In addition, our 15,000-square-foot facility 
houses a full range of integrative and wellness services, cancer screening and biopsies, cancer treatment (surgery, 
chemotherapy and radiation), patient and family support services, education, genetic counseling and testing, onto-fertility 
services, access to clinical trials, and survivorship support. The Center represents a bold vision for breast cancer treatment 
and research, focusing on the holistic health and well being of individuals with or at risk for cancer. Patients receive highly 
personalized, multidisciplinary care in a calming, private, and supportive setting. 
The Fact vs. Fiction luncheon, moderated by Perri Peitz, is a unique event designed to introduce Mount Sinai's leaders 
in Breast Cancer: Elise Port, MD, FACS in Breast Surgery; Kerin Adelson, MD in Medical Oncology; Laurie Margolies, 
MD in Breast Imaging; Guy Montgomery, PhD in Alternative Medicine; Philip Landrigan, MD, MsC in Environmental 
Health; and Carlin Vickery, MD in Reconstructive Surgery. Each of them will give you answers, decipher the myths from 
the truths, and open up a dialogue about breast cancer diagnosis, treatment, and prevention. The collective expertise 
of the panelists will be sure to provide an informative and inspiring event. 
Please consider helping us share the opportunity to "ask the experts" by reserving a table and inviting the people 
you care about. We are enclosing a response form for your convenience and thank you in advance for your support. 
Sincerely, 
ehinf.Q. 
Eva Andersson-Dubin, MD 
Founder, Dubin Breast Center 
THE MOUNT SINAI MEDICAL CENTER • DUBIN BREAST CENTER 
ONE GUSTAVE L. LEVY PLACE, BOX 1049/1050 NEW YORK. NY 10029.6574 
Mount Dubin Breast Center 
Sinai 
of The Tisch Cancer Institute 
EFTA01136504
--- PAGE 2 ---
I= 
DUBIN BREAST CENTER 
Ca)
SECOND ANNUAL 
FACT VS. FICTION 
LUNCHEON AND SYMPOSIUM 
PLEASE RESERVE THE FOLLOWING: 
O FACT TABLE AT $10,000 
• Table for 10 at the luncheon with priority seating 
• Special recognition during the event 
• Recognition in the printed program 
• Listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall 
• Membership of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends Annual 
Giving Society and will receive special benefits including important 
contact information card and invitations to attend members-only events 
O TRUTH TABLE AT $5.000 
• Table of 10 at the luncheon with priority seating 
• Recognition in the printed program 
O REALITY TABLE AT $3,000 
• Table of 10 at the luncheon 
• Recognition in the printed program 
O KNOWLEDGE TICKET(S) AT $500 
• Priority seating for one at the luncheon 
• Recognition in the printed program 
O EDUCATION TICKET(S) AT $300 
• Seating for one at the luncheon 
O I AM UNABLE TO ATTEND BUT WISH TO MAKE A FULLY TAX DEDUCTIBLE CONTRIBUTION OF $ 
O ENCLOSED IS MY CHECK Please make checks payable to -Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai.' 
O PLEASE CHARGE MY: 
PERSONAL CREDIT CARD 
CORPORATE CREDIT CARD 
CREDIT CARD NUMBER 
NAME 
ADDRESS 
PHONE 
AMERICAN EXPRESS 
VISA 
MASTERCARD 
DISCOVER 
EXP DATE 
COMPANY 
CITY 
STATE 
ZIP 
EMAIL 
TO REGISTER ONLINE. VISIT PHILANTHROPY.MOUNTSINAI.ORG/DBCLUNCHEON OR RETURN THIS FORM WITH YOUR PAYMENT 
TO THE MOUNT SINAI DEVELOPMENT OFFICE AT ONE GUSTAVE L. LEVY PLACE. BOX 1049. NEW YORK. NY. 10029-6574. 
Tax-10/1 13-6171197) Contributions are tax-deductible to the extent pmvided by law. The non tax-deductible portion of each ticket 
is $85 and the non tax-deductible portion of each table is $850. Gifts from donor advised funds. foundations. and charitable trusts may 
not be used for purchases that provide tangible benefits to any individual. Tax receipts will be mailed after the conclusion of the event. 
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION. PLEASE CONTACT REBECCA KANE SOLINSKY 
Mount Dubin Breast Center 
Sinai 
of The Tisch Cancer Institute 
EFTA01136505

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136506.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peter Attia la> 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Thu, 28 May 2015 00:14:34 +0000 
Attachments: NAFLD.NuSI.4.15.pdf; The_Fight_Against_Aging_and_Death_Attia.docx 
Here is a link to the work our nonprofit does in nutrition and metabolic disease: 
http://viewer.epaperflip.corn/Viewer.aspx?docid=f6cc92d0-3ba4-4606-ac86-a39c00d83ef8 
We have four trials ongoing and just launched a pilot study in pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease 
(NAFLD). Our next big project will be the definitive study on NAFLD in kids (see attachment). Brutal 
problem...7 million kids. 
If you'd like any press stuff on our org, I can send some along. 
On longevity, I don't write much about what I do, since my practice is very boutique and not advertised. I did, 
however, write the attached "manifesto" last year at the request of a friend to try to simplify what I do. 
It's a bit long, and in person I can probably do a better (and quicker!) job explaining it. 
My work as a doc is separate from my work in nonprofit space. 
--Peter 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailtojeevacation@gmaii.com) 
Sent: Wednesday, May 27, 2015 4:55 PM 
To: Peter Attia 
Subject: Re: Re: 
send both, as you may know I fund longevity work with George Church at Harvard. 
On Wed, May 27, 2015 at 7:53 PM, Peter Attia l 
wrote: 
Depends on what you'd like to talk about. 
If you would like to speak about the work our nonprofit is doing, there are 2 things I'd pass along. 
If you would like to speak about my medical work in longevity/healthspan, I can send something else over. 
We can talk about both, obviously, if you have time. 
--Peter 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevation@gmail com 
Sent Wednesday, May 27, 2015 4:17 PM 
To: Peter Attia 
Subject: Re: 
what should i read prior to our meeting? 
On Wed, May 27, 2015 at 5:34 PM, Peter Attia a 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, I'll be in NY June 7-12. Back twice in July if that week doesn't work. 
Look forward to meeting. 
--Peter 
From: Jeffrey E. [mallto:jee
ion
gmail com 
Sent: Wednesday, May 27, 2015 2:23 PM 
To: Peter Attia 
Subject: 
EFTA01136506
--- PAGE 2 ---
when are you next in ny? or would you like to skype? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136507

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136508.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic <
Ina> 
Date: Wed, 10 Apr 2013 20:29:59 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.PNG 
EFTA01136508
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136509
--- PAGE 3 ---
AT&T IF* 
4:29 PM 
Ok just 
checking!!! I 
think he 
wants some 
books and 
research 
from the WB 
to get him up 
to speed on 
primary 
health. But I 
Text iv ,,,„„dge 
EFTA01136510

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136511.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 10 Apr 2013 20:46:08 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Thanks for the invite to lunch. Sony I wont be there. So nice to see you in the flesh.. 
See if you can make your muscles look as meaty as this fine piece of thigh bone.... 
Add a' Little' bit of ass to your work out! :)) 
Sent from my iPhon 
_ 
EFTA01136511

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136512.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136512.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136512

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136513.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136513.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
1' 
. -4,._y 
• 
' 
• 
A.
• 
•• 
,f4e, 
• 
• 
• 
a 
e. 
.r. , 
;$. 
• 
, 
, • 
•••, 0.
SW 4.
• 
•
• 
r 
EFTA01136513

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136514.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136514.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136514

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136515.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136515

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136516.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136516

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136517.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136517.pdf
----------------------------------------
i 
EFTA01136517

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136518.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136518.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 'The New York Times" <nytimes@e.newyorktimesinfo.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Last Day! Come Back and Save 50% on a Times Subscription at Our Memorial Day Sale 
Date: Thu, 28 May 201510:02:46 +0000 
View in browser 
Whe New York Times 
WI 
Don't miss this special introductory offer. 
2, 
The Joys of Summer 
P, 
Display images to show real-time content 
P, 
The Joys of Summer 
WI 
Save 5o% for 26 weeks 
EFTA01136518
--- PAGE 2 ---
This email was sent to you as a former subscriber to The New York Times. 
Mobile apps are not supported on all devices. Does not include Times Premier content. e-reader editions or digital versions of The New York 
Times Crossword. Home Delivery promotional offer valid for new subscribers in areas served by The New York Times Delivery Service. 
Other restrictions apply. 
To ensure delivery of emails from The New York Times, please add 
Privacy Policy I Contact Us I Unsubscribe 
O 2015 The New York Times Company 
I
M
.
Box 8041, Davenport. IA 52808-8041 
r r 
to your address book. 
EFTA01136519

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136520.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 28 May 2015 10:25:32 +0000 
Attachments: ICatyaFriendjpg 
Forwarded message  
From: Irina  
Date: Sun, Mar 20, 2011 at 3:44 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Hi!! Here's photo of Katya's friend and the new haircut. They were classmates back in Belorus. I don't remember her name 
though, but they two are supposed to meet me Monday-Tuesday to film something in my apartment... Katya is free 
tomorrow after 3pm, Jenya should call me back soon... 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136520

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136521.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136521

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136522.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136522.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 10 Apr 2013 22:08:37 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Bridesmaid inspiration 
EFTA01136522

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136523.pdf
----------------------------------------
Front 
To: Jeffrey <Jeevacation@gmad.com> 
Date: Wed, 10 Apr 2013 22:44:26 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136523

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136524.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136524.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ICaryna Shuliak 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 28 May 2015 11:13:21 +0000 
Attachments: ICatyaFriendjpg 
please print 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, May 28, 2015 at 6:25 AM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Forwarded message  
From: Irina ctI 
Date: Sun, Mar 20, 2011 at 3:44 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com>
Hi!! Here's photo of Katya's friend and the new haircut. They were classmates back in Belorus. I don't remember her name 
though, but they two are supposed to meet me Monday-Tuesday to film something in my apartment... Katya is free 
tomorrow after 3pm, Karina will probably want more than 300 to do what you like. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA01136524
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136525

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136526.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136526.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136526

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136527.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: "Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com)" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: Jawbone - overview of financial model 
Date: Thu, 11 Apr 2013 12:31:58 +0000 
Attachments: Jawbone_v11.pptx 
This is CONFIDENTIAL, please do not forward. 
Will call you later in day to discuss (just tried but you might be sleeping). I am going to a meeting with a third Rock 
Ventures. 
Talk around 11am or so? 
EFTA01136527

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136528.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136528.pdf
----------------------------------------
JAWBONE — Overview of Company Model 
April 10, 2013 
EFTA01136528
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jawbone — Company Revenue Model 
Units (000s) 
2012A 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
2016E 
2017E 
2018E 
CAGR 
UP Band 
111 
3,510 
8,775 
17,549 
30,712 
46,067 
59,888 
185% 
Jambox 
1,583 
1,853 
3,057 
4,586 
6,053 
7,142 
8,000 
31% 
Headset 
651 
694 
777 
820 
850 
865 
866 
5% 
Net Revenue / Unit 
UP Band 
78.63 
69.37 
61.74 
55.56 
52.23 
49.62 
47.14 
-8% 
Jambox 
123.95 
120.43 
114.40 
102.96 
96.79 
90.98 
85.52 
-6% 
Headset 
53.80 
52.99 
50.31 
47.85 
45.53 
43.37 
41.38 
-4% 
Revenue (SOON) 
UP Band 
8,719 
243,479 
541,741 
975,133 
1,604,094 
2,285,834 
2,823,005 
162% 
Jambox 
196,278 
223,120 
349,740 
472,149 
585,843 
649,817 
684,127 
23% 
Headset 
35,005 
36,762 
39,117 
39,231 
38,681 
37,517 
35,839 
0% 
Software/Services 
18,820 
47,050 
94,100 
178,790 
268,185 
NA 
Total 
240,003 
503,361 
949,418 
1,533,564 
2,322,717 
3,151,958 
3,811,155 
59% 
EFTA01136529
--- PAGE 3 ---
Dramatic shift in product offering 
Sales Mix by Revenue 
UP Band Data 
Headset 
4% 
0% 
1% 
Jambox 
82% 
Data 
Headset 
7% 
14% 
UP Band 
74% 
2012 
2018 
Jambox 
18% 
Company model contemplates a dramatic conversion from speakers to wearable 
technology. 
EFTA01136530
--- PAGE 4 ---
Company model assumes `iPod-like adoption of UP 
Cummulative Unit Sales (millions) 
400 
350 
300 - 
250 
200 
150 
100 - 
iPad 
iPhone 
167 
UP Band: 
Company Model 
UP Band: 
.•'+ GV Model 
Years from 1st Launch 
iPod 
Blackberry 
Jawbone's financial model assumes an UP adoption curve that closely matches the 
historical results for the iPod. Not only is this an aggressive benchmark, but we are 
concerned that such a close match may indicate the plan is not based on a rigorous 
bottoms-up analysis. 
EFTA01136531
--- PAGE 5 ---
Company assumes significant gross margin expansion 
Gross Margin (%) 
45% 
4O% 
• a• Jambox 
UP Band 
36% ...... 
7%
• • 
39% .... 
°' 
41% 
... ° 
35% 
34%  _ 
.***. 
...... •• 
• 
29%,•°*
. .......... 
33%
33% 
30% 
. 
....... 
31%
_.° 
2696..•* 
•.•" 30% 
25% 
• 
.° 
Se 
•*. 24% 
 ••
20% 
19%
15% 
10% 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
Jawbone assumes gross margin will expand 15% over the next six years. The Company 
expects these margin gains will come from 'value-engineering' developed by its contract 
manufacturers. 
EFTA01136532
--- PAGE 6 ---
Projected margins are well above industry averages 
60% 
50% 
47% 
40% - 
30% - 27% 29%
20% - 
10% - 
0% 
42% 
bA „\se, 
cc`s -4° 4' 
s 
log< 
\<.• 
`Z`I'  
• $.).\
`-f 
Hardware Gross Margins 
31% 
r 
L 
30% 
23% 
26% 
21% 21% 
I 
53% 
34% 
28% 
20% 
41% 
pcsA 
E, sc 
cb 
,isv• ,91)0
'
6(s
o(' 
4f)
Jawbone's blended hardware gross margin is projected to be 13 percentage points above 
the hardware industry median. Again, Jawbone projections are 'Apple-like'. 
EFTA01136533
--- PAGE 7 ---
Projected operating expenses are below industry averages 
Operating Expenses / Sales 
50% 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% 
0% 
20% 
22% 
33% 
7% 
35% 
15% 
; 
39% 
32% 31% 31% 
22% 21% 
22% 
16% 16% 
44% 
\e, 
,SZ, 
,4 
<So 
.\>;2 
A 
(.1 
• 
c, 
cc• 
‹p 
x's 
cpC\ 
tCs 
„ 
ccs 
\e' 
(IP 
se.
31° 
As4Q
16% 
Jawbone forecasts operating expenses to be 6 percentage points of revenue below the 
hardware industry median. 
EFTA01136534
--- PAGE 8 ---
Hardware companies trade well below Jawbone multiple 
Comps 
EV 
EV/ 
Sales 
OPIDU 
Sales 
Audio 
HARMAN INTERNATIONAL 
$2,717 M 
0.6x 
26.9% 
19.8% 
7.1% 
VOXX INTERNATIONAL CORP 
$411 M 
0.4x 
28.6% 
22.0% 
6.6% 
SKULLCANDY INC 
$130M 
0.7x 
47.3% 
33.4% 
13.9% 
Median 
O.6x 
28.6% 
22.0% 
7.1% 
Mobile 
APPLE INC 
$272,026 M 
2.1x 
41.9% 
6.6% 
35.3% 
MOTOROLA MOBIUTY* 
$9,813 M 
0.8x 
n.a. 
n.a. 
n.a. 
NOKIA OKI 
$9,358 M 
0.3x 
27.8% 
35.4% 
-7.6% 
HTC CORP 
$5,501M 
0.8x 
20.6% 
15.2% 
5.5% 
RESEARCH IN MOTION 
$5,046 M 
0.4x 
31.0% 
39.1% 
-8.1% 
Median 
O.Bx 
29.4% 
25.3% 
4.1% 
*Motorola Mobility was acquired by Google in '12 at the above multiples 
Other Hardware 
SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS 
$186,325 M 
1.3x 
29.6% 
16.5% 
13.1% 
HEWLETT-PACKARD CO 
559,424M 
0.4x 
23.2% 
15.5% 
7.7% 
SONY CORP 
$22,883 M 
0.2x 
20.6% 
21.7% 
-1.0°A 
LG ELECTRONICS INC 
516,350M 
0.6x 
21.4% 
21.2% 
0.2% 
NINTENDO CO LTD 
$5,435 M 
am 
26.2% 
32.0% 
-5.8% 
GARMIN LTD 
$3,856 M 
1.9x 
53.0% 
30.7% 
22.2% 
LOGITECH INTERNATIONAL 
$894 M 
0.5x 
34.4% 
31.3% 
3.1% 
Median 
O.6x 
26.2% 
21.7% 
3.1% 
Jawbone '18 
Company Model 
58,812 M 
2.3x 
41.2% 
15.7% 
25.6% 
GV Model 
52,989 M 
1.5x 
28.0% 
22.0% 
6.0% 
Jawbone assumes an exit multiple of 2.3x revenue, whereas comparable hardware 
companies trade below 1.0x revenue on average. 
EFTA01136535
--- PAGE 9 ---
Expected returns using Company model 
Revenue 
2O12A 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
1016E 
2017E 
2018E 
CAGR 
UP Band 
8,719 
243,479 
541,741 
975,133 
1,600,094 
2,285,834 
2,823,005 
162% 
Jambox 
196,278 
223,120 
349,740 
472,149 
585,843 
609,817 
684,1.27 
23% 
Headset 
35,035 
36,762 
39,117 
39,231 
38,681 
37,517 
35,839 
0% 
Software/Services 
18220 
47,050 
94,100 
178,790 
268,185 
NA 
Total 
240,003 
503,361 
949,418 
1,533,564 
2,322,717 
3,151,958 
3,811,155 
59% 
Gross Margin 
UP Band 
2,247 
71,538 
184,192 
351,048 
593,515 
891,475 
1,157,432 
183% 
Jambox 
37,293 
53,103 
104,922 
146,366 
187,470 
214,440 
225,762 
35% 
Headset 
9,556 
12,095 
11,777 
11,824 
11,675 
11,348 
10,872 
2% 
Software/Services 
12,986 
32,465 
63,988 
119,789 
177,032 
NA 
Total 
49,0% 
136,735 
313,877 
541,703 
856,648 
1,237,052 
1,571,068 
78% 
% Gross Margin 
205% 
27.2% 
33.1% 
3S3% 
369% 
392% 
41.2% 
(-1 R&D 
(41,028) 
(69,397) 
(93,686) 
(115,234) 
(139,433) 
(161,742) 
(182,769) 
28% 
(-) S&M 
(48,387) 
(76,325) 
(125,936) 
(182,608) 
(242268) 
(293,870) 
(346,767) 
39% 
(-1 G&A 
(16,959) 
(18,603) 
(26,044) 
(35,160) 
(45,708) 
(58,506) 
(67,282) 
26% 
Operating Profit 
(57,278) 
(27,590) 
68,210 
208,702 
428,639 
722,934 
974251 
NA 
% Operating Margin 
-219% 
-5.5% 
7.2% 
116% 
183% 
22.9% 
25.6% 
(-1 Taxes 
- 
- 
(12,522) 
(175,742) 
(296,403) 
(399,443) 
NA 
(.) D&A 
4,531 
9,756 
17,820 
26,270 
34,672 
39,445 
37,473 
42% 
(-1 Capes 
(4,366) 
(31,470) 
(21,470) 
(30,195) 
(39,399) 
(43,828) 
(41,637) 
46% 
(.1-1A in Work. Cap. 
(31,495) 
(38,436) 
(12,269) 
(27,873) 
(37,823) 
(45,734) 
(45,734) 
6% 
Free Cash Flow 
(88,608) 
(87,740) 
52,292 
164,382 
210,396 
376,414 
524910 
NA 
Dividends to GV 
$416 
$1,306 
$1,672 
$2,991 
$4172 
Revenue Multiple 
5.th 
2.3x 
-12% 
Equity Valuation 
1,193,228 
8,812,257 
40% 
Shares 
233.058 
246,064 
1% 
Value per Share 
$5.12 
$3521 
38% 
GV Shares 
1.956 
1,956 
0% 
Value of GV Stake 
$10,000 
I 
$70,033 
38% 
GV MOI 
8.1x 
IRR 
44% 
Jawbone management has 
modeled the Company's 
prospects to near perfection: 
1. iPod-like adoption for the UP 
band 
2. Apple-type gross margins 
3. Exit multiple in excess of all 
current comparable 
company trading multiples 
EFTA01136536
--- PAGE 10 ---
What are expected returns using more realistic assumptions? 
The next slide shows the expected returns for an investment in Jawbone using what we think are a 
more realistic set of assumptions: 
1. Adoption rates for the UP that are roughly halfway between the iPod and the Blackberry. We 
would still consider this an impressive target. 
2. Zero revenues from 'data' over the next 6 years. We aren't yet convinced that the current or 
proposed generations of the UP will really provide valuable data for health care providers and 
insurance companies. For two main reasons: 
a) It is generally the healthier person that opts to purchase and wear the UP band or one of its 
competitors (Fitbit, etc.) 
b) UP band sensors (current and planned) don't provide data that insurance companies can 
use to better predict major diseases: heart disease/hypertension, diabetes, stroke, or 
cancer* 
3. Margins in-line with hardware industry averages: —28% gross margin, and —6% operating profit 
margin. 
4. Exit multiples more in-line with current trading multiples for hardware companies, adjusted for 
higher expected growth: - 1.5x revenue 
*Conversation with Rob Korpman MD - CEO of CentriHealth Inc, a leader in health informatics. 
EFTA01136537
--- PAGE 11 ---
More realistic assumptions yield only a modest expected return 
2012A 
2013E 
Revenue 
UP Eland 
8,719 i 241,544 
lam box 
196,278 
223,149 
Headset 
35,005 
36.772 
Software/Services 
- 
- 
I
Total 
240,003 
501,46.5 
Gross Margin 
UP Band 
2,247 
67,632 
lambox 
37,293 
53,110 
Headset 
9,556 
10,296 
Software/Services 
Total 
096 
131.038 
Gross Margin 
20.5% 
26.1% 
(-) R&D 
(41,028) 
(84002) 
(-) S&M 
(48,387) 
(94,588) 
(-)G&A 
(16,959) 
(23.054) 
Operating Profit 
(57.278) 
(72,607) 
Operating Margin 
-23.9% 
-14.5% 
(-) Taxes 
(+) D&A 
4,531 
&966 
(-)Capex 
(4,366) 
(28,923) 
(+1-) Ain Work. Cap. 
(31,495) 
(35,325) 
Free Cash Flow 
(n.608) 
(127,888) 
Dividends to GV 
Revenue Multiple 
5.0x 
Equity Valuation 
1,193,228 
Shares 
233,058 
Value per Share 
$5.12 
GV Shares 
Value of GV Stake 
1,956 
$30,000 
GV MOI 
IRR 
2014E 
2015E 
2016E 
2017E 
2018E 
CAGR 
percentage point shortfall in unit sales 
483,722 
761,848 
074 232 
1,275 663 
1,272 452 
growth rate each period 
349,735 
472,141 
585,945 
649,955 
684,249 
703 
567 
0% 
1,698,880 
1.963,185 
1,992,633 
135,442 
213,317 
300,785 
357,186 
356,287 
97,926 
132,214 
164,065 
181,983 
191,590 
10,950 
10,986 
10,837 
10,519 
10,051 
244.318 
356.517 
475.686 
549.692 
557,937 
28.0% 
2&O% 
28.0% 
28.0% 
28014
(135,967) 
(178,447)
(211,461) 
(213,582) 
(185 
(149.541) 
(196.262) 
(232,572) 
(234,905) 
(204,07 
(36,448) 
(47,836) 
(54686) 
(57,254) 
(49,739 
(776 39) 
(66,027) 
(25,032) 
43,950 
118,580 
-&9% 
-8296 
-1.5% 
2.2% 
6.0% 
(2,637) 
(48,618) 
14,795 
19,213 
21,593 
20,622 
21,655 
(17.825) 
(22,080) 
(24,537) 
(22,913) 
(20,061) 
(10,186) 
(20,385) 
(23,556) 
(23,909) 
(27,498) 
(94255)
189,224 
(51,532) 
1-5,113
00,058 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$99 
$262 
1.5x 
2,988,949 
299.155 
$9.99 
956 
2.0x 
12% 
A 
133% 
31% 
1% 
NA 
29% 
22% 
NA 
NA 
30% 
33% 
-2% 
NA 
4% 
12% 
0% 
No revenue attributed to data 
Margins expand to meet industry 
averages 
Operating expenses fall linearly as a 
percentage of revenue until they meet 
industry averages 
Sales multiple more in line with public 
comps, adjusted for higher expected 
growth 
Additional dilution as negative cash flows 
persist longer, requiring new equity raises 
Still impressive adoption + industry 
average margins + market multiple 
(adjusted for growth) a modest  return 
I 11 
EFTA01136538
--- PAGE 12 ---
Conclusion 
Using a (still) robust assumption for UP adoption, coupled with industry averages for margins and 
exit multiples, an investment in Jawbone at the proposed $1.188 Bn valuation would yield only 
modest returns. 
The entry multiple of 5x revenue is high relative to current trading multiples for comparable 
hardware companies, even adjusted for growth. Expected multiple contraction during the 
investment period will make it difficult to realize a meaningful return. 
Despite the valuation coming at a discount to the last round (and the proposed near-term round), 
we are concerned that over a medium-term hold period this investment will not produce venture 
capital type returns. 
EFTA01136539
--- PAGE 13 ---
Appendix 
EFTA01136540
--- PAGE 14 ---
Return sensitivity for GV model 
MOI Sensitivity (Exit Multiple = 2.0x Revenue) 
MOI Sensitivity (Exit Multiple = 1.5x Revenue) 
Operating 
UP Adoption (% haircut to company model) 
Operating 
UP Adoption (% haircut to company model) 
Margin 
0% 
-5% 
-10% 
-15% 
-20% 
-25% 
Margin 
0% 
-5% 
-10% 
-15% 
-20% 
-25% 
26% 
6.3x 
5.6x 
5.0x 
4.5x 
4.th 
3.6x 
26% 
4.9x 
4.4x 
3.9x 
3.5x 
3.2x 
2.8x 
21% 
6.0x 
5.3x 
4.8x 
4.3x 
3.8x 
3.4x 
21% 
4.6x 
4.1x 
3.7x 
3.3x 
3.0x 
2.7x 
16% 
5.6x 
5.th 
4.5x 
4.0x 
3.6x 
3.2x 
16% 
4.3x 
3.8x 
3.4x 
3.1x 
2.7x 
2.5x 
11% 
5.1x 
4.6x 
4.1x 
3.7x 
3.3x 
19x 
11% 
3.9x 
3.Sx 
3.1x 
2.8x 
2.5x 
2.2x 
6% 
4.5x 
4.1x 
3.7x 
3.3x 
2.9x 
2.6x 
6% 
3.4x 
3.1x 
2.8x 
2.5x 
2.2x I 
2.0x 
MOI Sensitivity (Exit Multiple = 1.0x Revenue) 
GV expected 
return 
MOI Sensitivity (Exit Multiple = 0.5x Revenue) 
Operating 
UP Adoption (% haircut to company model) 
Operating 
UP Adoption (% haircut to company model) 
Margin 
0% 
-5% 
-10% 
-15% 
-20% 
-25% 
Margin 
0% 
-5% 
-10% 
-15% 
-20% 
-25% 
26% 
3.Sx 
3.2x 
2.8x 
2.5x 
2.3x 
2.1x 
26% 
2.1x 
1.9x 
1.7x 
1.6x 
1.4x 
1.3x 
21% 
3.3x 
2.9x 
2.6x 
2.3x 
2.1x 
1.9x 
21% 
1.9x 
1.7x 
1.5x 
1.4x 
1.3x 
1.1x 
16% 
3.0x 
2.7x 
2.4x 
2.1x 
1.9x 
1.7x 
16% 
1.7x 
1.5x 
1.3x 
1.2x 
Lbc 
1.0x 
11% 
2.7x 
2.4x 
2.1x 
1.9x 
1.7x 
1.5x 
11% 
1.4x 
1.3x 
1.1x 
1.0x 
0.9x 
0.8x 
6% 
2.3x 
2.1x 
1.9x 
1.7x 
1.5x 
1.3x 
6% 
1.2x 
1.1x 
1.0x 
0.9x 
0.8x 
0.7x 
114 
EFTA01136541

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136542.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136542

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136543.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Photo you sent me 
Date: Thu, 11 Apr 2013 13:16:49 +0000 
Inline-Images: image007.jpg; image008.jpg; image009.jpg 
You have a colorful way of describing the interior that makes me G. 
I am using the Citation photo that you liked as overall guidance. For example, we will strip the veneer and recover the two 
handrails in the cabin in the same (or color coordinating) material as the headliner / PSU's; this way it will "clean up" that 
dark line that runs fwd / aft by the headliner. 
Am I on target? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
OR
S 
P 631.737.5900 I C 516.857.6533 l 
2221 Smithtovm Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [malitoleemcation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Thursday, April 11, 2013 9:18 AM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: Photo you sent me 
all of the above, as the tables and wood work is currently bland and somewhat vulgar,  the more cashemre we 
use the betteer even the tables in the photos are too glaring and look more like a motor coach, think mimimal 
and elegant. as you and i discussed the conference table is currelly hideous, and needs covers, to match what 
ever material we put on the back of the seats. also like in the current a top to place on the crednza so people can 
sit on it, without scrathcing, . 
On Thu, Apr 11, 2013 at 9:03 AM, Eric Roth < 
> wrote: 
Good morning Jeffrey, 
On the 25th you sent me three (3) photo's - presumably photo's you took 
while with Yves in Paris. 
Attached is one of these photo's - a table with perimeter inlays and a tight 
grain, angled veneer insert. You did not provide any information other than 
the photo. Is this for reference to the center conference table? The 
sidewall tables? Just the inlays? 
EFTA01136543
--- PAGE 2 ---
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
P 
IC 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 
11779 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey [mailto:jeevacation®gmail.comj
Sent: Monday, March 25, 2013 6:15 PM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136544

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136545.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth
Subject: Re: Photo you sent me 
Date: Thu, 11 Apr 2013 13:46:06 +0000 
Inline-Images: image008.jpg; image007.jpg; image009.jpg 
Yes look at Lexus interior seats as well as BMW . Clean . Woodwork hermes . Elegant minimal great textures 
On Thursday, April 11, 2013, Eric Roth wrote: 
You have a colorful way of describing the interior that makes me G. 
I am using the Citation photo that you liked as overall guidance. For example, we will strip the veneer and recover the 
two handrails in the cabin in the same (or color coordinating) material as the headliner / PSU's; this way it will "clean up" 
that dark line that runs fwd / aft by the headliner. 
Am I on target? 
ERIC H. ROTH 
PRESIDENT 
international jet 
T
E 
A
0
,,
P.M 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacationegmail.com
Sent: Thursday, April 11, 2013 9:18 AM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: Photo you sent me 
EFTA01136545
--- PAGE 2 ---
all of the above, as the tables and wood work is currently bland and somewhat vulgar, 
the more cashemre 
we use the betteer even the tables in the photos are too glaring and look more like a motor coach, think 
mimimal and elegant. as you and i discussed the conference table is currelly hideous, and needs covers, to 
match what ever material we put on the back of the seats. also like in the current a top to place on the crednza 
so people can sit on it, without scrathcing, . 
On Thu, Apr 11, 2013 at 9:03 AM, Eric Roth <1 
> wrote: 
Good morning Jeffrey, 
On the 25th you sent me three (3) photo's - presumably photo's you took 
while with Yves in Paris. 
Attached is one of these photo's - a table with perimeter inlays and a tight 
grain, angled veneer insert. You did not provide any information other than 
the photo. Is this for reference to the center conference table? The 
sidewall tables? Just the inlays? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
P 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 
11779 
Original Message-----
From: Jeffrey [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Monday, March 25, 2013 6:15 PM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA01136546
--- PAGE 3 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136547

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136548.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136548.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Ka na Shuliak 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 
Date: Thu, 11 Apr 2013 18:07:36 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Insult to injury!! 
The wax was more painful than the surgery 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136548

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136549.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kickstarter HQ <no-replygkickstarter.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Projects We Love: Three Part Harmony 
Date: Thu, 11 Apr 2013 18:40:00 +0000 
Having trouble viewing this email? View it online instead 
[;;This Week on Kickstarter 
April 11, 2013 
This week we're introducing Backing  & Hacking our new engineering blog where we 
geek out about what it takes to build, run and maintain Kickstarter. While the devs 
are busy blogging, we're back with three projects we think you'll love! 
[;]Assemble Rubber Stamping Kits! 
Assemble Rubber Stamping Kitsl 
by Assemble Shop & Studio 
CategoryCrafts 
Location Seattle, WA 
Rubber fun 
When Andie and Emily asked their friends what 
they wanted them to make, the answer was 
simple: stamp kits! And so the DIY duo are 
working hard on creating a brand new kit full of 
adorable stamp designs. There's even a 
special edition Kickstarter stamp! 
EXPLORE THIS PROJECT 
EFTA01136549
--- PAGE 2 ---
Stop motion mimes 
I 
Daniel Greaves"Mr. Plastimime' -A 
Claymation Short Film 
Daniel Greaves"Mr. PlastImimes -A Claymation 
Short Film 
by Tandem Films 
giCategory Animation 
;l
ocation London, United Kingdom 
;,LANDFILL HARMONIC: Inspiring 
dreams one note at a time! 
LANDFILL HARMONIC: Inspiring dreams one note 
at a time! 
by Landfill Harmonic 
giCategory Film & Video 
;5_ocation Los Angeles. CA 
Claymation, stop motion, and mimes, all in one 
place? That's Mr. Plastimime for you, the latest 
film from Oscar-winning animator Daniel 
Greaves. Greaves has been sharing all sorts of 
wisdom in his project updates, where he's been 
posting teasers and even showing us how to 
make our own puppets! 
EXPLORE THIS PROJECT 
Recycled Orchestra 
Landfill Harmonic is the heartfelt story of what 
happens when a garbage picker in Paraguay 
starts turning trash into instruments. The 
answer is the Recycled Orchestra, a group of 
local kids who play violins and violas made 
from trash collected in their area. 
EXPLORE THIS PROJECT 
Check out even more projects right from your phone! 
Love these projects too? 
R, Share on R, Share on 
Get the Kickstarter app 
EFTA01136550
--- PAGE 3 ---
Don't want to keep getting the newsletter? mars okay. you can unsubscribe. 
Copyright 2013 Kickstarter Inc. 155 Rivington Street, New York. NY 10002 
EFTA01136551

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136552.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136552

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136553.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136553.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski 
To: jeevacation@gmail.corn, 
Subject: Fwd: Invoice Be11430 
Date: Fri, 12 Apr 2013 14:08:25 +0000 
Attachments: Invoice_C05628FL.xls; ERSI_wire_transfer_instructions.docx 
Inline-Images: image002.png 
Jeffrey 
May I have your approval for this invoice for 430 annual? 
I will test fly at 430pm today,. 
Total is $102,758.01 
Thank you, 
Lany 
Sent from my iPad 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Burch, David (Edwards)" -4 
Date: April 12 2013 10:02:09 AM EDT 
To: " 
Cc: "Ali, Shariefa" 
Subject: Invoice 
Good Morning Larry, 
The Florida Team rose to the challenge working many hours of overtime on the 430 and aircraft should be ready for runs 
and delivery today at 2:00. We received the seals this morning and while somewhat in question (1995 vintage, and 
appears to be a PMA part) we will install with fingers crossed... 
Attached is the invoice for N3311E this invoice is adjusted for the seal price that I explained to you yesterday. 
I have attached wire transfer instructions as well... if you have any further questions please feel free to contact me 
personally. 
Kind Regards, 
Vaad tmtd 
General Manager 
E- RS/ 
EFTA01136553
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136554

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136555.pdf
----------------------------------------
ectAryitetvP 
O 
O 
O 
EFTA01136555

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136556.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136556.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
EFTA01136556

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136557.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136557.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jetwacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Life Insurance 
Date: Fri, 12 Apr 2013 14:47:47 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT_C25313041210190.pdf 
> 
Attached is what i found via intemet search: 
year term for 5,000,000 male aged 62 - standard rate $7,700 
of course this is subject to passing a physical 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: April 12, 2013 10:19:35 AM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01136557

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136558.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Fri, 12 Apr 2013 16:12:30 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg; image003.jpg 
Understood. I spoke with Larry this morning. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
OR
S 
QS 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacation@gmail.corn] 
Sent: Friday, April 12, 2013 12:19 PM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: 
breakdown and timing, I am getting other bids . so i would like yours asap. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136558

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136559.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 12 Apr 2013 17:50:25 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Going out on track soon.. 
EFTA01136559

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136560.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136560.pdf
----------------------------------------
itt  \\NAL 
ow. 
EFTA01136560

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136561.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136561.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136561

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136562.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136562.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136562

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136563.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136563.pdf
----------------------------------------
aste 
EFTA01136563

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136564.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136564.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136564

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136565.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com)" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Phaidon 
Date: Fri, 12 Apr 2013 22:06:43 +0000 
Attachments: img-412173234-0001.pdf 
Jeffrey, See Phaidon org structure attached. 
Mechanics of the purchase were as follows: 
PLB LLC was funded with $54mi1 from the Black Family 1997 Trust, $3mi1 from the Black Family 1997 GST 
Exempt Trust, and $l0mil from the LDB 2011 LLC. JMWT LLC was funded with $67,000 from Leon. These 
provided funding for the JMWT Acquisition LLP. Bidco (JMWT Ltd) purchased the shares of Phaidon Press Ltd. 
The acquisition purchase price paid from JMWT Ltd (through client account at Macfarlanes) was £41,000,000 + 
.005 stamp tax ($67mi1). 
In between, 2/3 of the funds were booked into the Topco as equity and 1/3 into the Midco as debt. From a US 
perspective the funds into JMWT Ltd were treated as an equity contribution. This debt is just between the topco 
and the midco and was established for UK interest deductibility purposes and be converted to equity if we 
choose. Great care was taken to avoid creating phantom income. 
Profit or loss at Phaidon Press level has no impact for us until we choose to issue a dividend. The one issue I 
believe you will need to consider if Phaidon was to purchase are relates to the US tax aspects of subpart F 
income and whether Phaidon owning art (or eventually selling it at a gain) would create that type of income. I 
believe it might. 
As I mentioned this morn, I have a call on Monday morning set with the tax guy at PWC-you are welcome to 
join-he is flexible re what time. 
Best, E. 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM [mailto:NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM@apollolp.com] 
Sent: Friday, April 12, 2013 5:33 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 1 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com/ 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
EFTA01136565
--- PAGE 2 ---
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01136566

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136567.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136567.pdf
----------------------------------------
vl 4.0
C
SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED MAY 28, 2015 
E 
O. 
co el 
Prospectus Supplement 
• 
2 
(To Prospectus dated October H. 2013) 
.. 
CO 
O. N 
C5 
O 
JPMORGAN CHASE &CO. 
.- 
• o r 
O.O 
DEPOSITARY SHARES 
E 
O . ID
C 
EACH REPRESENTING A I/400th INTEREST IN A SHARE OF 
to
V 0 
4.. 
V 
% NON-CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK. SERIES AA 
t. 
oll sh 
f .0 
We are offering 
depositary shares, each representing a 11400th interest in a share of our perpetual 
% Non-Cumulative 
'O 
Preferred Stock, Series AA, SI par value, with a liquidation preference of 510,000 per share (equivalent to 525 per depositary share) 
c C 
M O 
(the "Preferred Stock"). Each depositary share entitles the holder, through the depositary, to a proportional fractional interest in all 
C 
..., -4:.- 
rights, powers and preferences of the Preferred Stock represented by the depositary share. 
V 
(D Lo
E in 
We will pay dividends on the Preferred Stock, when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of 
O T. 
our board, at a rate of 
% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on 
, 
, 
and 
of each year, 
O..E 
beginning on 
. Dividends on the Preferred Stock will not be cumulative. Upon the payment of any dividends on the 
O. 
. 
) c ", 
Preferred Stock, holders of depositary shares will receive a related proportionate payment. 
vi 
 Om 
We may redeem the Preferred Stock on any dividend payment date on or after 
, in whole or from time to time in pan, at 
a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, 
av  l '  
without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. We may also redeem the Preferred Stock upon certain events involving capital 
Oin :O 
treatment as described in this prospectus supplement, subject to regulatory approval. If we redeem any Preferred Stock. the 
•c 
at.. = 
u 
depositary will redeem the related depositary shares. 
ta 0 
..= 'A 
See "Risk Factors" beginning on page 5-6 for a discussion of certain risks that you should 
i— 
consider in connection with an investment in the depositary shares. 
i
N 40 
Neither the Preferred Stock nor the depositary shares are deposits or other obligations of a bank or are insured by the Federal Deposit 
O 
c >. 
Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency. 
(0 C 
i 
-O 
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the depositary 
.O 
en 2 
shares or Preferred Stock or determined that this prospectus supplement or the attached prospectus is accurate or complete. Any 
:5 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
m  
E r
 o 
Per 
Depositary 
'O c 
C 
it 
Share 
Total(2) 
la 
ch al 
Public Offering Price(I) 
S 
S 
« c 
•.O. 
O.'6. 
Underwriting Commissions(3) 
S 
S 
C 7,, 
Proceeds (before ex nsesX3) 
S 
S 
vi 
u 
'so O 
« 
( I ) The public offering price does not include accumulated dividends, if any, that may be declared. Dividends, if declared, will 
C E 
accumulate from the date of original issuance, which is expected to be 
. 
.14 2 
(2) The underwriters also may purchase up to an additional 
depositary shares within 30 days of the date of this prospectus 
la ro 
supplement in order to cover over-allotments, if any. 
c 
tli -O 
(3) The underwriting commissions of 4 
per depositary share will be deducted from the public offering price; provided, 
w
c 
at 
however, that for sales to certain institutions, the underwriting commissions deducted will be S 
per depositary share, 
4.; 
,,, 
which will increase the proceeds to us with respect to these depositary shares by S 
. 
O. 
NE 
We intend to apply to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange. If the application is approved, trading of the
In 6. 
O 
depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange is expected to begin within 30 days after they are first issued. 
C 
4) 
Z 
We expect to deliver the depositary shares to investors through the book-entry delivery system of The Depository Trust Company 
H
and its direct participants, including Euroclear Bank S.A.=., as operator of the Euroclear System, and Clearstreant Banking, 
O .0 
societe anonyme, on or about 
. 
6.! 4.0
O. = 
Our affiliates, including M. Morgan Securities LLC, may use this prospectus supplement and the attached prospectus in connection 
la 7, 
:c vl 
with offers and sales of the depositary shares in the secondary market. These affiliates may act as principal or agent in those 
c « 
▪ 
O 
transactions. Secondary market sales will be made at prices related to market prices at the time of sale. 
•—c :37, 
Sole Bookrunner 
.4. 
• 
rO 
CO 
M. 
Morgan 
E 
o r  w 
-d
ma TS 
Joint Lead Managers 
*.,. c  E BofA Merrill Lynch 
Citigroup 
Morgan Stanley 
UBS Investment Bank 
Wells Fargo Securities
w 4, O.b- 
IC el 
b. 0 
— 
.2015 
EFTA01136567
--- PAGE 2 ---
In making your investment decision, you should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this prospectus supplement and the attached prospectus and any relevant free writing 
prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with any other information. If you receive any 
information not authorized by us, you should not rely on it. 
We are offering to sell the depositary• shares only in places where sales are permitted. 
You should not assume that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus 
supplement or the attached prospectus or any relevant free writing prospectus is accurate as of any date 
other than its respective date. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
Prospectus Supplement 
Summary 
S-3 
Risk Factors  
S-6 
JPMorgan Chase & Co.  
S-9 
Where You Can Find More Information About JPMorgan Chase  
S-10 
Consolidated Ratios of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividend 
Requirements  
S-1 I 
Description of the Preferred Stock  
S-12 
Description of the Depositary Shares  
S-26 
Registration and Settlement  
S-28 
Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations  
S-29 
Certain ERISA Considerations  
S-34 
Underwriting  
S-36 
Conflicts of Interest  
S-38 
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
S-39 
Legal Opinions  
S-39 
Prospectus 
Summary 
Consolidated Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividend Requirements  
Where You Can Find More Information About JPMorgan Chase  
Important Factors That May Affect Future Results  
Use of Proceeds  
Description of Debt Securities  
I I 
Description of Preferred Stock  
Description of Depositary Shares 
Description of Common Stock 
Description of Securities Warrants  
Description of Currency Warrants  
Description of Units  
Book-Entry Issuance  
Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)  
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
Legal Opinions  
S-2 
EFTA01136568
--- PAGE 3 ---
SUMMARY 
The following information about the depositary shares and the Preferred Stock summarizes, and should be read 
in conjunction with, the information contained in this prospectus supplement and in the attached prospectus. 
Securities Offered 
We are offering 
depositary shares (or 
depositary shares if the underwriters exercise their over-
allotment option in full), each of which represents a 1/400th interest in a share of our Preferred Stock, with each 
share of Preferred Stock having a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary 
share). Each depositary share entitles the holder to a proportional fractional interest in the Preferred Stock 
represented by that depositary share, including dividend, liquidation, redemption and voting rights. 
In addition, we may from time to time elect to issue additional depositary shares representing shares of the 
Preferred Stock, and all the additional shares would be deemed to form a single series with the depositary shares 
representing shares of the Preferred Stock offered by this prospectus supplement. 
Dividends 
Holders of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or 
any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, out of assets legally available for payment, 
non-cumulative cash dividends based on the liquidation preference of $10,000 per share of the Preferred Stock 
(equivalent to $25 per depositary share). 
If declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, we will pay 
dividends on the Preferred Stock quarterly in arrears, on 
and 
of each year, 
beginning on 
(each such day on which dividends are payable, a "dividend payment date"). We refer 
to the period from and including any dividend payment date to but excluding the next dividend payment date as a 
"dividend period," provided that the initial dividend period will be the period from and including the original 
issue date of the Preferred Stock to but excluding the next dividend payment date. 
Dividends on the Preferred Stock will accrue from the original issue date at a rate equal to 
% per annum for 
each quarterly dividend period. Upon the payment of any dividends on the Preferred Stock, holders of depositary 
shares will receive a related proportionate payment. 
Dividends on shares of the Preferred Stock will be non-cumulative. To the extent that any dividends on shares of 
the Preferred Stock with respect to any dividend period are not declared and paid, in full or otherwise, on the 
dividend payment date for such dividend period, then such unpaid dividends will not cumulate and will cease to 
accrue and be payable, and we will have no obligation to pay, and the holders of shares of the Preferred Stock 
will have no right to receive, accrued and unpaid dividends for such dividend period on or after the dividend 
payment date for such dividend period, whether or not dividends are declared for any subsequent dividend period 
with respect to the Preferred Stock or for any future dividend period with respect to any other series of our 
preferred stock or our common stock. In such a case, no dividends will be paid on the depositary shares. 
We will not declare or pay or set aside for payment full dividends on any of our preferred stock ranking as to 
dividends on a parity with or junior to the Preferred Stock for any period unless full dividends on the shares of 
the Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period have been or contemporaneously are 
declared and paid (or have been declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside for such 
payment). When dividends are not paid in full on the Preferred Stock and any other series of preferred stock 
S-3 
EFTA01136569
--- PAGE 4 ---
ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Preferred Stock, all dividends declared and paid upon the shares of 
the Preferred Stock and any other series of preferred stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Preferred 
Stock will be declared and paid pro rata. 
So long as any shares of the Preferred Stock are outstanding, unless full dividends on all outstanding shares of 
the Preferred Stock have been declared and paid or a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for such 
payment in respect of the most recently completed dividend period: 
• no dividend (other than a dividend in common stock or in any other capital stock ranking junior to the 
Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up) will be declared or paid 
or a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for such payment or other distribution declared or 
made upon ow common stock or upon any other capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock as to 
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, and 
• no common stock or other capital stock ranking junior to or on a parity with the Preferred Stock as to 
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up will be redeemed, purchased or othenvise 
acquired for any consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the 
redemption of any shares of any such capital stock) by us, 
subject to certain limited exceptions described under "Description of the Preferred Stock—Dividends". 
Rights upon Liquidation 
In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of the Preferred Stock 
will be entitled to receive and to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders the 
amount of $ I0,000 per share (equivalent to S25 per depositary share), plus an amount equal to any declared and 
unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends, before we make any payment or distribution on 
our common stock or on any other capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock upon our liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up. After the payment to the holders of the shares of the Preferred Stock of the full 
preferential amounts to which they are entitled, the holders of the Preferred Stock as such will have no right or 
claim to any of our remaining assets. If, upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, 
we fail to pay in full the amounts payable with respect to the Preferred Stock and any other shares of our capital 
stock ranking as to any such distribution of our assets on a parity with the Preferred Stock, the holders of the 
Preferred Stock and of such other shares will share ratably in any such distribution of our assets in proportion to 
the full respective distributions to which they are entitled. Neither the sale of all or substantially all of our 
property or business, nor our merger or consolidation into or with any other entity or the merger or consolidation 
of any other entity into or with us, will be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, voluntary or 
involuntary, of us. 
Optional Redemption 
The Preferred Stock is perpetual and has no maturity date. We may redeem, out of assets legally available 
therefor, the Preferred Stock on any dividend payment date on or after 
, in whole, or from time to 
time in part, at a redemption price equal to $ I 0,000 per share (equivalent to S25 per depositary share), plus any 
declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends. In addition, at any time within 90 
days after a "capital treatment event," as described herein, we may provide notice of our intent to redeem the 
Preferred Stock and may subsequently redeem, out of assets legally available therefor, the Preferred Stock, in 
whole but not in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), 
plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends. 
S-4 
EFTA01136570
--- PAGE 5 ---
Redemption of the Preferred Stock is subject to our receipt of any required prior approvals from the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or the "Federal Reserve Board," or any other regulatory authority. Our 
redemption of the Preferred Stock will cause the redemption of the corresponding depositary shares. Neither the 
holders of the Preferred Stock nor the holders of the related depositary shares will have the right to require 
redemption. 
See "Description of the Depositary Shares" and "Description of the Preferred Stock" for further inlbnnation 
about redemptions or repurchases of the depositary shares or shares of the Preferred Stock. 
Voting Rights 
The holders of the Preferred Stock and of the depositary shares will not have voting rights, except as specifically 
required by applicable law and except as provided below under "Description of the Preferred Stock—Voting 
Rights." For more information about voting rights, see "Description of the Preferred Stock—Voting Rights" and 
"Description of the Depositary Shares—Voting the Preferred Stock" in this prospectus supplement. 
Ranking 
The Preferred Stock will rank, as to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon ow liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up, on a parity with any series of preferred stock ranking on a parity with the Preferred 
Stock, including our outstanding series of preferred stock described under "Description of the Preferred Stock—
Other Preferred Stock," and senior to our common stock and to any series of preferred stock ranking junior to the 
Preferred Stock. 
Preemptive and Conversion Rights 
The Preferred Stock is not subject to any preemptive rights and is not convertible into property or shares of any 
other class or series of our capital stock. The holders of the depositary shares do not have any preemptive or 
conversion rights. 
Listing 
We intend to apply to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange. If the application is approved, 
trading of the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange is expected to commence within 30 days after 
they are first issued. We do not expect that there will be any separate public trading market for the shams of the 
Preferred Stock, except as represented by the depositary shares. 
Depositary, Transfer Agent, and Registrar 
Computershare Inc will serve as depositary, transfer agent and registrar for the Preferred Stock and the 
depositary shares. 
Risk Factors 
See "Risk Factors" on page S-6 in this prospectus supplement for a discussion of factors you should consider 
carefully before deciding to invest in the depositary shares. 
S-5 
EFTA01136571
--- PAGE 6 ---
RISK FACTORS 
Your investment in the depositary shares will involve certain risks. You should carefully consider the following 
discussion of risks and the other information contained in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying 
prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospects supplement and the accompanying 
prospectus, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and all 
subsequent filings under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, before 
deciding whether an investment in the depositary shares is suitable for you. 
You are making an investment decision about the depositary• shares as well as our Preferred Stock. 
As described in this prospectus supplement, we are offering depositary shares representing fractional interests in 
shares of our Preferred Stock. The depositary will rely solely on the dividend payments on the Preferred Stock it 
receives from us to fund all dividend payments on the depositary shares. You should review carefully the 
information in this prospectus supplement and the attached prospectus regarding the depositary shares and our 
Preferred Stock. 
The Preferred Stock is an equity security and is subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness. 
The shares of Preferred Stock are equity interests and do not constitute indebtedness. This means that the 
Preferred Stock will rank junior to all of our indebtedness and to other non-equity claims on us and our assets, 
including claims in our liquidation. Our existing and future indebtedness may restrict payment of dividends on 
the Preferred Stock. In addition, holders of the depositary shares representing the Preferred Stock may be fully 
subordinated to interests held by the U.S. government in the event that we enter into a receivership, insolvency, 
liquidation or similar proceeding. 
Additionally, unlike indebtedness, where principal and interest customarily are payable on specified due dates, in the 
case of preferred stock like the Preferred Stock, (I) dividends are payable only if declared by our board of directors or a 
duly authorized committee of the board and (2) as a corporation, we are subject to restrictions on dividend payments 
and redemption payments out of lawfully available assets. Further, the Preferred Stock places no restrictions on our 
business or operations or on our ability to incur indebtedness or engage in any transactions, subject only to the limited 
voting rights referred to below under "—Holders of the Preferred Stock will have limited voting rights." 
Dividends on the Preferred Stock are discretionary and non-cumulative. 
Dividends on the Preferred Stock are discretionary and non-cumulative. Consequently, if our board of directors 
or a duly authorized committee of our board does not authorize and declare a dividend for any dividend period 
prior to the related dividend payment date, holders of the Preferred Stock would not be entitled to receive a 
dividend for that dividend period, and the unpaid dividend will cease to accrue and be payable. We will have no 
obligation to pay dividends accrued for a dividend period after the dividend payment date for that period if our 
board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board has not declared a dividend before the related 
dividend payment date, whether or not dividends on the Preferred Stock or any other series of our preferred stock 
or our common stock are declared for any future dividend period. In addition, under the Federal Reserve Board's 
capital rules, dividends on the Preferred Stock may only be paid out of our net income, retained earnings or 
surplus related to other additional Tier I capital instruments. 
We may be able to redeem the Preferred Stock prior to 
By its terms, the Preferred Stock may be redeemed by us in whole, but not in part, prior to 
upon our 
determination in good faith that an event has occurred that would constitute a "capital treatment event," subject to the 
approval of the appropriate federal banking agency. See "Description of the Preferred Stock—Optional Redemption." 
S-6 
EFTA01136572
--- PAGE 7 ---
Investors should not expect us to redeem the Preferred Stock on the date it becomes redeemable or on any 
particular date after it becomes redeemable. 
The Preferred Stock is a perpetual equity security. This means that it has no maturity or mandatory redemption 
date and is not redeemable at the option of investors, including the holders of the depositary shares offered by 
this prospectus supplement. The Preferred Stock may be redeemed by us at our option, either in whole, or from 
time to time in part, on any dividend payment date on or after 
or, prior to that date, under certain 
circumstances after the occurrence of a capital treatment event. Any decision we may make at any time to 
propose a redemption of the Preferred Stock will depend upon, among other things, our evaluation of our capital 
position, the composition of our stockholders' equity, and general market conditions at that time. 
Our right to redeem the Preferred Stock is subject to limitations. Under the Federal Reserve Board's current risk-
based capital guidelines applicable to bank holding companies, any redemption of the Preferred Stock is subject 
to prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. We cannot assure you that the Federal Reserve Board will 
approve any redemption of the Preferred Stock that we may propose. There also can be no assurance that, if we 
propose to redeem the Preferred Stock without replacing the Preferred Stock with common equity Tier I capital 
or additional Tier I capital instruments, the Federal Reserve Board will authorize the redemption. We understand 
that the factors that the Federal Reserve Board will consider in evaluating a proposed redemption, or a request 
that we be permitted to redeem the Preferred Stock without replacing it with common equity Tier I capital or 
additional Tier I capital instruments, include its evaluation of the overall level and quality of our capital 
components, considered in light of our risk exposures, earnings and growth strategy, and other supervisory 
considerations, although the Federal Reserve Board may change these factors at any time. 
If the Preferred Stock is redeemed, the corresponding redemption of the depositary shares would be a taxable 
event to you. In addition, you might not be able to reinvest the money you receive upon redemption of the 
depositary shares in a similar security. 
If we are deferring payments on our outstanding junior subordinated notes or are in default under the 
indentures governing those securities, we will be prohibited from making distributions on or redeeming 
the Preferred Stock. 
The terms of our outstanding junior subordinated notes prohibit us from declaring or paying any dividends or 
distributions on our preferred stock, including the Preferred Stock, or redeeming, purchasing, acquiring, or 
making a liquidation payment on the Preferred Stock, if an event of default under the indentures governing those 
junior subordinated notes has occurred and is continuing or at any time when we have deferred payment of 
interest on those junior subordinated notes. 
Holders of the Preferred Stock will have limited voting rights. 
Holders of the Preferred Stock have no voting rights with respect to matters that generally require the approval of 
voting stockholders. Holders of the Preferred Stock will have voting rights only as specifically required by 
applicable law and as described below under "Description of the Preferred Stock—Voting Rights." Holders of 
depositary shares must act through the depositary to exercise any voting rights of the Preferred Stock. 
Our ability to pay dividends depends upon the results of operations of our subsidiaries. 
We are a holding company and conduct substantially all of our operations through subsidiaries. As a result, our 
ability to make dividend payments on the Preferred Stock will depend primarily upon the receipt of dividends 
and other distributions from our subsidiaries. Various legal limitations restrict the extent to which ow 
subsidiaries may extend credit, pay dividends or other funds or othenvise engage in transactions with us or some 
of our other subsidiaries. 
S-7 
EFTA01136573
--- PAGE 8 ---
In addition, our right to participate in any distribution of assets from any subsidiary, upon the subsidiary's 
liquidation or otherwise, is subject to the prior claims of creditors of that subsidiary, except to the extent that we 
are recognized as a creditor of that subsidiary. As a result, the Preferred Stock will be effectively subordinated to 
all existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries. You should look only to the assets of JPMorgan Chase as the 
source of payment for the Preferred Stock. 
Trading characteristics of the depositary shares. 
The depositary shares are a new issue of securities, and there is currently no established trading market for the 
depositary shares. We intend to apply to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange. If the 
application is approved, we expect trading of the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange to begin 
within a 30-day period after the initial issuance of the depositary shares. The underwriters have advised us that 
they intend to make a market in the depositary shares prior to the date trading on the New York Stock Exchange 
begins. However, they are not obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making in the depositary 
shares at any time in their sole discretion. Therefore, we cannot assure you that a liquid trading market for the 
depositary shares will develop, that you will be able to sell your depositary shares at a particular time or that the 
price you receive when you sell will be favorable. 
S-8 
EFTA01136574
--- PAGE 9 ---
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., which we refer to as "JPMorgan Chase," "we" or "us," is a leading global financial 
services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States, with operations worldwide. 
JPMorgan Chase had $2.6 trillion in assets and $235.9 billion in total stockholders' equity as of March 31, 2015. 
JPMorgan Chase is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, 
commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the 
Morgan and Chase 
brands, JPMorgan Chase serves millions of customers in the U.S. and many of the world's most prominent 
corporate, institutional and government clients. 
JPMorgan Chase is a financial holding company and was incorporated under Delaware law on October 28, 1968. 
JPMorgan Chase's principal bank subsidiaries are JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, a national bank 
with branches in 23 states, and Chase Bank USA, National Association, a national bank that is JPMorgan 
Chase's credit card issuing bank. JPMorgan Chase's principal nonbank subsidiary is 
Morgan Securities LLC, 
our U.S. investment banking firm. One of JPMorgan Chase's principal operating subsidiaries in the United 
Kingdom is M. Morgan Securities plc, a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, M. 
JPMorgan Chase's activities are organized, for management reporting purposes, into four major reportable 
business segments, as well as a Corporate/Private Equity segment. Our consumer business is the Consumer & 
Community Banking segment. The Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management 
segments comprise our wholesale businesses. 
The principal executive office of JPMorgan Chase is located at 270 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017-
2070, U.S.A., and its telephone number is (212) 270-6000. 
S-9 
EFTA01136575
--- PAGE 10 ---
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 
ABOUT JPMORGAN CHASE 
We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Our SEC filings are available to the public on the website maintained by the 
SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Our filings can also be inspected and printed or copied, for a fee, at the SEC's public 
reference room, 100 F Street, M., Washington, M. 20549. Please call the SEC at I-800-SEC-0330 for further 
information on their public reference room. Such documents, reports and information are also available on our 
website at 
Information on our website does not constitute part of 
this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. 
The SEC allows us to "incorporate by reference" into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying 
prospectus the information in documents we file with it, which means that we can disclose important information 
to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part 
of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, and later information that we file with the SEC 
will automatically update and supersede this information. 
We incorporate by reference (i) the documents listed below and (ii) any future filings we make with the SEC 
after the date of this prospectus supplement under Section I3(a), 13(c), 14, or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934 until our offering is completed, other than, in each case, those documents or the portions of those 
documents which are furnished and not filed: 
(a) Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014; 
(b) Our Quarterly Report on Form I0-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015; and 
(c) Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2015, January 14, 2015, January 23, 2015, 
February 12, 2015, February 17, 2015, February 27, 2015, March 6, 2015, March 11, 2015, March 20, 
2015, March 24, 2015, April I, 2015, April 3, 2015, April 14, 2015, April 21, 2015, May 6, 2015, 
May 14, 2015, May 20, 2015 and May 22, 2015. 
You may request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing to or telephoning us at the following address: 
Office of the Secretary 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
270 Park Avenue 
New York, New York 10017 
212.270.4040 
S-10 
EFTA01136576
--- PAGE 11 ---
CONSOLIDATED RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERRED 
STOCK DIVIDEND REQUIREMENTS 
The table below sets forth JPMorgan Chase's consolidated ratios of earnings to combined fixed charges and 
preferred stock dividend requirements for the periods indicated. 
Three Months 
Year Ended December 3141) 
Ended March 31. 2015 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
2010 
Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred 
Stock Dividend Requirements: 
Excluding Interest on Deposits  
Including Interest on Deposits  
4.68 
4.14 
4.46 
3.90 
175 
3.25 
3.83 
3.23 
3.31 
2.72 
3.21 
2.68 
(1) The ratios for the years ended December 31, 2010 through 2014 do not reflect JPMorgan C'hase's adoption. effective January I, 2015, of 
new accounting guidance for investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for the low-income housing tax credit. For 
additional information, see our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 14.2015 which is incorporated by reference into this prospectus 
supplement. 
For purposes of computing the above ratios, earnings represent net income from continuing operations plus total 
taxes based on income and fixed charges. Fixed charges, excluding interest on deposits, include interest expense 
(other than on deposits), one-third (the proportion deemed representative of the interest factor) of rents, net of 
income from subleases, and capitalized interest. Fixed charges, including interest on deposits, include all interest 
expense, one-third (the proportion deemed representative of the interest factor) of rents, net of income from 
subleases, and capitalized interest. 
S-11 
EFTA01136577
--- PAGE 12 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED STOCK 
The terms of the Preferred Stock are set forth in the Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights 
of the Preferred Stock (the "Certificate of Designations'). We have summarized below certain terms of the 
Certificate of Designations. This summary supplements the general description of preferred stock under 
"Description of Preferred Stock" in the accompanying prospectus. If any information regarding the Preferred 
Stock contained in the Certificate of Designations is inconsistent with the information in this prospectus 
supplement and the prospectus, the information in the Certificate of Designations will apply and will supersede 
information in this prospectus supplement and the prospectus. This summary is not complete. You should refer to 
the Certificate of Designations which will be filed in a Current Report on Form 8-K 
General 
The Preferred Stock represents a single series of our authorized preferred stock. We are offering 
depositary shares, representing 
shares of the Preferred Stock in the aggregate, or 
depositary 
shares, representing 
shares of the Preferred Stock in the aggregate if the underwriters exercise their over-
allotment option in full, by this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. We may from time to 
time, without notice to or the consent of holders of the Preferred Stock, issue additional shares of the Preferred 
Stock. The additional shares of Preferred Stock would be deemed to form a single series with the Preferred Stock 
represented by depositary shares offered by this prospectus supplement. 
Upon issuance against full payment of the purchase price for the depositary shares, the shares of the Preferred 
Stock will be fully paid and nonassessable. The depositary will be the sole holder of the shares of the Preferred 
Stock. The holders of depositary shares will be required to exercise their proportional rights in the Preferred 
Stock through the depositary, as described in "Description of the Depositary Shares" in this prospectus 
supplement. 
The Preferred Stock will rank senior to our common stock and to any of our other capital stock that states that it 
is made junior to our preferred stock as to payment of dividends and distribution of our assets upon our 
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. The Preferred Stock will rank on a parity with our outstanding series of 
preferred stock described under "Description of the Preferred Stock—Other Preferred Stock." The Preferred 
Stock will be subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness. 
The Preferred Stock will not be convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of our capital 
stock or other securities and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation to redeem or repurchase the 
Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock is not secured, is not guaranteed by us or any of our affiliates and is not subject to 
any other arrangement that legally or economically enhances the ranking of the Preferred Stock. 
Dividends 
Holders of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or 
any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, out of assets legally available for payment, 
non-cumulative cash dividends based on the liquidation preference of $10,000 per share of the Preferred Stock 
(equivalent to $25 per depositary share). 
If declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, we will pay 
dividends on the Preferred Stock quarterly in arrears, on 
, 
, 
and 
of each year, 
beginning on 
S-12 
EFTA01136578
--- PAGE 13 ---
Dividends on the Preferred Stock will accrue from the original issue date at a rate equal to 
% per annum for 
each quarterly dividend period. We will calculate dividends on the Preferred Stock on the basis of a 360-day year 
of twelve 30-day months. Dollar amounts resulting from those calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent, 
with one-half cent being rounded upward. 
We will pay dividends to the holders of record of shares of the Preferred Stock as they appear on our stock register on 
such record date, not more than 30 days before the applicable payment date, as will be fixed by our board of directors 
or a duly authorized committee of our board. In the event that any dividend payment date falls on a day that is not a 
business day, the dividend payment due on that date will be postponed to the next day that is a business day and no 
additional dividends will accrue as a result of that postponement. As used in this prospectus supplement, a "business 
day" means any weekday that is not a legal holiday in New York, New York and is not a day on which banking 
institutions in New York, New York are authorized or required by law or regulation to be closed. 
If we call the Preferred Stock for redemption, dividends on shares of the Preferred Stock will cease to accrue on 
the applicable redemption date as described below under "—Optional Redemption." 
Dividends on shares of the Preferred Stock will be non-cumulative. To the extent that any dividends on shares of 
the Preferred Stock with respect to any dividend period are not declared and paid, in full or otherwise, on the 
dividend payment date for such dividend period, then such unpaid dividends will not cumulate and will cease to 
accrue and be payable, and we will have no obligation to pay, and the holders of shares of the Preferred Stock 
will have no right to receive, accrued and unpaid dividends for such dividend period on or after the dividend 
payment date for such dividend period, whether or not dividends are declared for any subsequent dividend period 
with respect to the Preferred Stock or for any future dividend period with respect to any other series of our 
preferred stock or our common stock. We will not pay interest or any sum of money instead of interest in respect 
of any dividend that is not declared, or if declared is not paid, on the Preferred Stock. 
We will not declare or pay or set aside for payment full dividends on any of our preferred stock ranking as to dividends 
on a parity with or junior to the Preferred Stock for any period unless full dividends on the shares of the Preferred 
Stock for the most recently completed dividend period have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid (or have 
been declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside for such payment). When dividends are 
not paid in full on the Preferred Stock and any other series of preferred stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with 
the Preferred Stock, all dividends declared and paid upon the shares of the Preferred Stock and any other series of 
preferred stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Preferred Stock will be declared and paid pro rata. For 
purposes of calculating the pm rata allocation of partial dividend payments, we will allocate dividend payments based 
on the ratio between the then-current dividends due on shares of Preferred Stock and (i) in the case of any series of 
non-cumulative preferred stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Preferred Stock, the aggregate of the 
current and unpaid dividends due on such series of preferred stock and (ii) in the case of any series of cumulative 
preferred stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Preferred Stock, the aggregate of the current and 
accumulated and unpaid dividends due on such series of preferred stock. 
So long as any shares of the Preferred Stock are outstanding, unless full dividends on all outstanding shares of 
the Preferred Stock have been declared and paid or a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for such 
payment in respect of the most recently completed dividend period: 
• no dividend (other than a dividend in common stock or in any other capital stock ranking junior to the 
Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up) will be declared or paid 
or a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for such payment or other distribution declared or 
made upon ow common stock or upon any other capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock as to 
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, and 
S-I3 
EFTA01136579
--- PAGE 14 ---
• no common stock or other capital stock ranking junior to or on a parity with the Preferred Stock as to 
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up will be redeemed, purchased or othenvise 
acquired for any consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the 
redemption of any shares of any such capital stock) by us, except 
(I) by conversion into or exchange for capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock; 
(2) as a result of reclassification into capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock; 
(3) through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of shares of capital 
stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock or, in the case of capital stock ranking on a parity with 
the Preferred Stock, through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of 
other shares of capital stock ranking on a parity with the Preferred Stock; 
(4) in the case of capital stock ranking on a parity with the Preferred Stock, pursuant to pro rata 
offers to purchase all or a pro rata portion of the shares of Preferred Stock and such capital stock 
ranking on a parity with the Preferred Stock; 
(5) in connection with the satisfaction of our obligations pursuant to any contract entered into in 
the ordinary course prior to the beginning of the most recently completed dividend period; or 
(6) any purchase, redemption or other acquisition of capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred 
Stock pursuant to any of our or our subsidiaries' employee, consultant or director incentive or 
benefit plans or arrangements (including any employment, severance or consulting arrangements) 
adopted before or after the issuance of the Preferred Stock. 
However, the foregoing will not restrict the ability of us or any of our affiliates to engage in underwriting, 
stabilization, market-making or similar transactions in our capital stock in the ordinary course of business. 
Subject to the conditions described above, and not otherwise, dividends (payable in cash, capital stock, or 
otherwise), as may be determined by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, may be 
declared and paid on our common stock and any other capital stock ranking junior to or on a parity with the 
Preferred Stock from time to time out of any assets legally available for such payment, and the holders of the 
Preferred Stock will not be entitled to participate in those dividends. 
As used in this prospectus supplement, "junior to the Preferred Stock" and like terms refer to our common stock 
and any other class or series of our capital stock over which the Preferred Stock has preference or priority, either 
as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or both, as the context may require; "parity 
preferred stock" and "on a parity with the Preferred Stock" and like terms refer to any class or series of our 
capital stock that ranks on a parity with the shares of the Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon 
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or both, as the context may require; and "senior to the Preferred Stock" 
and like terms refer to any class or series of our capital stock that ranks senior to the Preferred Stock, either as to 
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or both, as the context may require. 
Rights upon Liquidation 
In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of the Preferred Stock will 
be entitled to receive and to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders the amount of 
$10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends, 
without accumulation of undeclared dividends, before we make any payment or distribution on our common stock or 
on any other capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. After 
the payment to the holders of the shares of the Preferred Stock of the full preferential amounts to which they are 
entitled, the holders of the Preferred Stock as such will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. 
S-14 
EFTA01136580
--- PAGE 15 ---
If, upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, we fail to pay in full the amounts payable 
with respect to the Preferred Stock and any other shares of our capital stock ranking as to any such distribution of our 
assets on a parity with the Preferred Stock, the holders of the Preferred Stock and of such other shares will share ratably 
in any such distribution of our assets in proportion to the full respective distributions to which they are entitled. 
Neither the sale of all or substantially all of our property or business, nor our merger or consolidation into or with 
any other entity or the merger or consolidation of any other entity into or with us, will be deemed to be a 
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, voluntary or involuntary, of us. 
Because we are a holding company, our rights and the rights of our creditors and our stockholders, including the 
holders of the Preferred Stock, to participate in the assets of any of our subsidiaries upon that subsidiary's 
liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or recapitalization may be subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary's 
creditors, except to the extent that we are a creditor with recognized claims against the subsidiary. 
Holders of the Preferred Stock are subordinate to all of our indebtedness and to other non-equity claims on us and 
our assets, including in the event that we enter into a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding. 
In addition, holders of the Preferred Stock may be fully subordinated to interests held by the U.S. government in 
the event that we enter into a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding. 
Optional Redemption 
At the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, we may 
redeem, out of assets legally available therefor, the Preferred Stock on any dividend payment date on or after 
, in whole, or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to $ I 0,000 per share (equivalent 
to S25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends on the shares of Preferred Stock called for 
redemption up to the redemption date. Subject to irrevocably setting aside or depositing funds necessary for 
redemption, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares on the redemption date, without accumulation of 
undeclared dividends. 
At any time within 90 days after a capital treatment event, and at the option of our board of directors or any duly 
authorized committee of our board of directors, we may provide notice of our intent to redeem the Preferred 
Stock in accordance with the procedures described below, and we may subsequently redeem, out of assets legally 
available therefor, the Preferred Stock in whole, but not in part, at a redemption price equal to S10,000 per share 
(equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends on the shares of the Preferred 
Stock called for redemption up to the redemption date. Subject to irrevocably setting aside or depositing funds 
necessary for redemption, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares on the redemption date, without 
accumulation of undeclared dividends. 
For purposes of the above, "capital treatment event" means the good faith determination by us that, as a result of 
any: 
• amendment to, or change or any announced prospective change in, the laws or regulations of the United 
States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the 
initial issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock; 
• proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock; or 
• official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official 
pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective 
after the initial issuance of any shares of Preferred Stock, 
S-I5 
EFTA01136581
--- PAGE 16 ---
there is more than an insubstantial risk that we will not be entitled to treat an amount equal to the full liquidation 
amount of all shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding as "additional Tier I capital" (or its equivalent) for 
purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of the appropriate federal banking agency, as then in 
effect and applicable, for as long as any share of Preferred Stock is outstanding. Redemption of the Preferred 
Stock is subject to our receipt of any required prior approvals from the Federal Reserve Board or any other 
regulatory authority. 
If we elect to redeem shares of the Preferred Stock, we will provide notice by first class mail, postage prepaid, 
addressed to the holders of record of such shares to be redeemed. Such mailing will be at least 30 days and not 
more than 60 days before the date fixed for redemption. Any notice so mailed will be conclusively presumed to 
have been duly given, whether or not the holder receives such notice, but failure to duly give such notice by mail, 
or any defect in such notice or in the mailing thereof, to any holder of shares of the Preferred Stock designated 
for redemption will not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other shares of the 
Preferred Stock. Each notice of redemption will state: 
• the redemption date; 
• the number of shares of the Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares held by 
such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder; 
• the redemption price; 
• the place or places where the certificates representing such shares are to be surrendered for payment of 
the redemption price; and 
• that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on the redemption date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Preferred Stock is held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust 
Company, or "DTC", we may give such notice in any manner permitted or required by DTC. Neither the holders 
of the Preferred Stock nor the holders of the related depositary shares have the right to require redemption of the 
Preferred Stock. 
In the case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares of 
the Preferred Stock to be redeemed will be selected either pro rata from the holders of record of the Preferred Stock 
in proportion to the number of Preferred Stock held by such holders or by lot. 
Voting Rights 
The Preferred Stock will have no voting rights, except as provided below or as otherwise specifically required by 
law. 
Whenever, at any time or times, dividends on the shares of Preferred Stock have not been paid for an aggregate of 
six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, the authorized number of our directors will 
automatically be increased by two and the holders of the Preferred Stock will have the right, with holders of shares 
of any other class or series of parity preferred stock outstanding at the time upon which like voting rights have been 
conferred and are exercisable, which we refer to as "voting parity stock," voting together as a class, to elect two 
directors, which we refer to as "preferred directors," to fill such newly created directorships at our next annual 
meeting of stockholders and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders until full dividends have been paid 
on the Preferred Stock for at least four quarterly consecutive dividend periods. At that time such right will 
terminate, except as expressly provided in the Certificate of Designations or by law, subject to subsequent reverting. 
Upon any termination of the right of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock and voting parity stock as a class to 
vote for directors as provided above, the preferred directors will cease to be qualified as directors, the term of 
S-I6 
EFTA01136582
--- PAGE 17 ---
office of all preferred directors then in office will terminate immediately and the authorized number of directors 
will be reduced by the number of preferred directors elected. Any preferred director may be removed and 
replaced at any time, with cause as provided by law or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of 
shares of Preferred Stock voting together as a class with the holders of shares of voting parity stock, to the extent 
the voting rights of such holders described above are then exercisable. Any vacancy created by removal with or 
without cause may be filled only as described in the preceding sentence. If the office of any preferred director 
becomes vacant for any reason other than removal, the remaining preferred director may choose a successor who 
will hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy occurred. 
So long as any shares of Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of 
at least 66 2/3% in voting power of the Preferred Stock and any voting parity stock, voting together as a class, 
authorize, create or issue any capital stock ranking senior to the Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up, or reclassify any authorized capital stock into any such shares of such capital stock or issue 
any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase any such shares of capital stock. So long 
as any shares of the Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of at 
least 66 2/3% in voting power of the Preferred Stock, amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of 
Designations or our certificate of incorporation, including by merger, consolidation or otherwise, so as to adversely 
affect the powers, preferences or special rights of the Preferred Stock. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing., none of the following will be deemed to adversely affect the powers, preferences 
or special rights of the Preferred Stock: 
• any increase in the amount of authorized common stock or authorized preferred stock, or any increase 
or decrease in the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, or the authorization, creation and 
issuance of other classes or series of capital stock, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior to the 
Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up; 
• a merger or consolidation of us with or into another entity in which the shares of the Preferred Stock 
remain outstanding; and 
• a merger or consolidation of us with or into another entity in which the shares of the Preferred Stock are 
converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving entity or any entity, directly or 
indirectly, controlling such surviving entity and such new preference securities have powers, preferences 
and special rights that are not materially less favorable than the Preferred Stock. 
In exercising the voting rights described above or when otherwise granted voting rights by operation of law or by us, 
each share of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote (equivalent to 1/400th of a vote per depositary share). 
If we redeem or call for redemption all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and irrevocably deposit in trust 
sufficient funds to effect such redemption, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote 
would otherwise be required or upon which the holders of Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote will be 
effected, the voting provisions described above will not apply. 
Our board of directors may also from time to time, without notice to or consent of holders of the Preferred Stock, 
issue additional shares of the Preferred Stock. Delaware law provides that the holders of preferred stock will have 
the right to vote separately as a class on any amendment to our certificate of incorporation (including any 
certificate of designations) that would increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of such 
class, increase or decrease the par value of such class or adversely affect the powers, preferences and special 
rights of the shares of preferred stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as permitted by law, our certificate of 
incorporation provides that any increase or decrease in our authorized capital stock may be adopted by the 
affirmative vote of holders of capital stock representing not less than a majority of the voting power represented 
S-17 
EFTA01136583
--- PAGE 18 ---
by the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote. If any proposed amendment would alter or change 
the powers, preferences or special rights of one or more series of preferred stock so as to affect them adversely, 
but would not so affect the entire class of preferred stock, only the shares of the series so affected will be 
considered a separate class for purposes of this vote on the amendment. This right is in addition to any voting 
rights that may be provided for in our certificate of incorporation (including any certificate of designations). 
Preemptive and Conversion Rights 
The holders of the Preferred Stock do not have any preemptive or conversion rights. 
Depositary, Transfer Agent, and Registrar 
Computershare Inc will be the depositary, transfer agent and registrar for the Preferred Stock and the depositary 
shares. 
Other Preferred Stock 
Under our certificate of incorporation, we have authority to issue up to 200,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $1 
par value per share. We may issue preferred stock in one or more series, each with the preferences, designations, 
limitations, conversion rights, and other rights as our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) 
may determine, subject to the limitations set forth in our certificate of incorporation. 
As of the date of this prospectus supplement, we have thirteen outstanding series of preferred stock: the Series I 
Preferred Stock, Series O Preferred Stock, Series P Preferred Stock, Series Q Preferred Stock and Series R Preferred 
Stock described in the attached prospectus under "Description of Preferred Stock—Outstanding Series of Preferred 
Stock," and the Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series S, the 6.70% Non-Cumulative 
Preferred Stock, Series T, the Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series U, the Fixed-to-Floating 
Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series V, the 6.30% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series W, the Fixed-to-
Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series X, the 6.125% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Y and 
the Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Z described below. 
Fired-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series S 
On January 22, 2014, we issued 200,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, 
Series S, $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the "Series S Preferred Stock"). Shares 
of the Series S Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth interest in a 
share of preferred stock of the series. 
The Series S Preferred Stock has the same powers, preferences and rights as our other outstanding series of 
preferred stock with respect to the payment of dividends, rights upon liquidation, redemption rights and voting 
rights, as described in the attached prospectus under "Description of Preferred Stock—Outstanding Series of 
Preferred Stock" and in this prospectus supplement. 
Dividends. Dividends on the Series S Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of 
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, February I, 
2024 at a rate of 6.750% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, on February I and August 1 of each year, 
beginning on February I, 2014. From and including February I, 2024, dividends will be paid when, as, and if 
declared by ow board or such committee at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.78% 
S-I8 
EFTA01136584
--- PAGE 19 ---
per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on February I, May I, August 1 and November I of each year, 
beginning on May 1, 2024. Dividends on the Series S Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
Redemption. The Series S Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after February I, 
2024, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), 
plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series S Preferred Stock in whole, but not in part, at 
a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and 
unpaid dividends, following the occurrence of a capital treatment event. For purposes of the Series S Preferred Stock, 
"capital treatment event" means the good faith determination by JPMorgan Chase that, as a result of any: 
• amendment to, or change or any announced prospective change in, the laws or regulations of the United 
States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the 
initial issuance of any shares of the Series S Preferred Stock; 
• proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series S Preferred Stock; or 
• official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement 
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series S Preferred Stock, 
there is more than an insubstantial risk that JPMorgan Chase will not be entitled to treat an amount equal to the full 
liquidation amount of all shares of the Series S Preferred Stock then outstanding as "additional Tier I capital" (or its 
equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of the appropriate federal banking agency, as 
then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of the Series S Preferred Stock is outstanding. 
6.70% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series T 
On January 30, 2014 and February 6, 2014, we issued an aggregate of 92,500 shares of 6.70% Non-Cumulative 
Preferred Stock, Series T, $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the "Series T 
Preferred Stock"). Shares of the Series T Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing 
a I/400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 
The Series T Preferred Stock has the same powers, preferences and rights as our other outstanding series of 
preferred stock with respect to the payment of dividends, rights upon liquidation, redemption rights and voting 
rights, as described in the attached prospectus under "Description of Preferred Stock—Outstanding Series of 
Preferred Stock" and in this prospectus supplement. 
Dividends. Dividends on the Series T Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of 
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 6.70% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, 
on March I, June I, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June I, 2014. Dividends on the 
Series T Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
Redemption. The Series T Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after March I, 
2019, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary 
share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series T Preferred Stock following the 
occurrence of a capital treatment event. For purposes of the Series T Preferred Stock, "capital treatment event" 
means the good faith determination by JPMorgan Chase that, as a result of any: 
• amendment to, or change or any announced prospective change in, the laws or regulations of the United States 
or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series T Preferred Stock; 
S-19 
EFTA01136585
--- PAGE 20 ---
proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance 
of any shares of the Series T Preferred Stock; or 
official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement 
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series T Preferred Stock, 
there is more than an insubstantial risk that JPMorgan Chase will not be entitled to treat an amount equal to the 
full liquidation amount of all shares of the Series T Preferred Stock then outstanding as "additional Tier 1 
capital" (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of the appropriate 
federal banking agency, as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of the Series T Preferred Stock 
is outstanding. 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series U 
On March 10, 2014, we issued 100,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series 
U, $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of 510,000 per share (the "Series U Preferred Stock"). Shares of 
the Series U Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth interest in a 
share of preferred stock of the series. 
The Series U Preferred Stock has the same powers, preferences and rights as our other outstanding series of 
preferred stock with respect to the payment of dividends, rights upon liquidation, redemption rights and voting 
rights, as described in the attached prospectus under "Description of Preferred Stock—Outstanding Series of 
Preferred Stock" and in this prospectus supplement. 
Dividends. Dividends on the Series U Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of 
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, April 30, 2024 
at a rate of 6.125% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, on April 30 and October 30 of each year, 
beginning on October 30, 2014. From and including April 30, 2024, dividends will be paid when, as, and if 
declared by ow board or such committee at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.33% 
per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on January 30, April 30, July 30 and October 30 of each year, beginning 
on July 30, 2024. Dividends on the Series U Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
Redemption. The Series U Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after April 30, 
2024, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary 
share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series U Preferred Stock in whole, but 
not in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any 
declared and unpaid dividends, following the occurrence of a capital treatment event. For purposes of the Series 
U Preferred Stock, "capital treatment event" means the good faith determination by JPMorgan Chase that, as a 
result of any: 
• amendment to, or change or any announced prospective change in, the laws or regulations of the United 
States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the 
initial issuance of any shares of the Series U Preferred Stock; 
proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series U Preferred Stock; or 
official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement 
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series U Preferred Stock, 
S-20 
EFTA01136586
--- PAGE 21 ---
there is more than an insubstantial risk that JPMorgan Chase will not be entitled to treat an amount equal to the full 
liquidation amount of all shares of the Series U Preferred Stock then outstanding as "additional Tier I capital" (or its 
equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of the appropriate federal banking agency, as 
then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of the Series U Preferred Stock is outstanding. 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series V 
On June 9, 2014, we issued 250,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series V, 
$1 par value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the "Series V Preferred Stock"). Shares of the 
Series V Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth interest in a share of 
preferred stock of the series. 
The Series V Preferred Stock has the same powers, preferences and rights as our other outstanding series of 
preferred stock with respect to the payment of dividends, rights upon liquidation, redemption rights and voting 
rights, as described in the attached prospectus under "Description of Preferred Stock—Outstanding Series of 
Preferred Stock" and in this prospectus supplement. 
Dividends. Dividends on the Series V Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of 
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, July 1, 2019 at 
a rate of 5.00% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, on January 1 and July 1 of each year, beginning on 
January I, 2015. From and including July I, 2019, dividends will be paid when, as, and if declared by our board 
or such committcc at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.32% per annum, payable 
quarterly in arrears, on January 1, April I, July 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on October 1, 2019. 
Dividends on the Series V Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
Redemption. The Series V Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after July I, 
2019, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary 
share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series V Preferred Stock in whole, but 
not in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any 
declared and unpaid dividends, following the occurrence of a capital treatment event. For purposes of the Series 
V Preferred Stock, "capital treatment event" means the good faith determination by JPMorgan Chase that, as a 
result of any: 
• amendment to, or change or any announced prospective change in, the laws or regulations of the United 
States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the 
initial issuance of any shares of the Series V Preferred Stock; 
proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series V Preferred Stock; or 
official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement 
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series V Preferred Stock, 
there is more than an insubstantial risk that JPMorgan Chase will not be entitled to treat an amount equal to the 
full liquidation amount of all shares of the Series V Preferred Stock then outstanding as "additional Tier I 
capital" (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of the appropriate 
federal banking agency, as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of the Series V Preferred Stock 
is outstanding. 
S-21 
EFTA01136587
--- PAGE 22 ---
6.30% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series IV 
On June 23, 2014 and June 27, 2014, we issued an aggregate of 88,000 shares of 6.30% Non-Cumulative 
Preferred Stock, Series W, $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of $ I 0,000 per share (the "Series W 
Preferred Stock"). Shares of the Series W Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing 
a 1/400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 
The Series W Preferred Stock has the same powers, preferences and rights as our other outstanding series of 
preferred stock with respect to the payment of dividends, rights upon liquidation, redemption rights and voting 
rights, as described in the attached prospectus under "Description of Preferred Stock—Outstanding Series of 
Preferred Stock" and in this prospectus supplement. 
Dividends. Dividends on the Series W Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of 
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 6.30% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, 
on March I, June I, September 1 and December I of each year, beginning on September I, 2014. Dividends on 
the Series W Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
Redemption. The Series W Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after 
September I, 2019, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to S25 per 
depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series W Preferred Stock 
following the occurrence of a capital treatment event. For purposes of the Series W Preferred Stock, "capital 
treatment event" means the good faith determination by JPMorgan Chase that, as a result of any: 
• amendment to, or change or any announced prospective change in, the laws or regulations of the United 
States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the 
initial issuance of any shares of the Series W Preferred Stock; 
proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series W Preferred Stock; or 
official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement 
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series W Preferred Stock, 
there is more than an insubstantial risk that JPMorgan Chase will not be entitled to treat an amount equal to the 
full liquidation amount of all shares of the Series W Preferred Stock then outstanding as "additional Tier 
capital" (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of the appropriate 
federal banking agency, as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of the Series W Preferred Stock 
is outstanding. 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series X 
On September 23, 2014, we issued 160,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, 
Series X, $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of 510,000 per share (the "Series X Preferred Stock"). 
Shares of the Series X Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth 
interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 
The Series X Preferred Stock has the same powers, preferences and rights as our other outstanding series of 
preferred stock with respect to the payment of dividends, rights upon liquidation, redemption rights and voting 
rights, as described in the attached prospectus under "Description of Preferred Stock—Outstanding Series of 
Preferred Stock" and in this prospectus supplement. 
S-22 
EFTA01136588
--- PAGE 23 ---
Dividends. Dividends on the Series X Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of 
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, October 1, 
2024 at a rate of 6.10% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, on April I and October I of each year, 
beginning on April 1, 2015. From and including October I, 2024, dividends will be paid when, as, and if declared 
by our board or such committee at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.33% per annum, 
payable quarterly in arrears, on January I, April I, July I and October I of each year, beginning on January I, 
2025. Dividends on the Series X Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
Redemption. The Series X Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after October 1, 
2024, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary 
share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series X Preferred Stock in whole, but 
not in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any 
declared and unpaid dividends, following the occurrence of a capital treatment event. For purposes of the Series 
X Preferred Stock, "capital treatment event" means the good faith determination by JPMorgan Chase that, as a 
result of any: 
• amendment to, or change or any announced prospective change in, the laws or regulations of the United States 
or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series X Preferred Stock; 
• proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance 
of any shams of the Series X Preferred Stock; or 
• official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement 
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series X Preferred Stock, 
there is more than an insubstantial risk that JPMorgan Chase will not be entitled to treat an amount equal to the 
full liquidation amount of all shares of the Series X Preferred Stock then outstanding as "additional Tier 
capital" (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of the appropriate 
federal banking agency, as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of the Series X Preferred Stock 
is outstanding. 
6.125% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Y 
On February 12, 2015, we issued an aggregate of 143,000 shares of 6.125% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, 
Series Y, $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of S 10,000 per share (the "Series Y Preferred Stock"). 
Shares of the Series Y Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a I/400th interest 
in a share of preferred stock of the series. 
The Series Y Preferred Stock has the same powers, preferences and rights as our other outstanding series of 
preferred stock with respect to the payment of dividends, rights upon liquidation, redemption rights and voting 
rights, as described in the attached prospectus under "Description of Preferred Stock—Outstanding Series of 
Preferred Stock" and in this prospectus supplement. 
Dividends. Dividends on the Series Y Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of 
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 6.125% per annum, payable quarterly in 
arrears, on March I, June I, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June I, 2015. Dividends on 
the Series Y Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
Redemption. The Series Y Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after March 1, 
2020, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per 
5-23 
EFTA01136589
--- PAGE 24 ---
depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series Y Preferred Stock 
following the occurrence of a capital treatment event. For purposes of the Series Y Preferred Stock, "capital 
treatment event" means the good faith determination by JPMorgan Chase that, as a result of any: 
amendment to, or change or any announced prospective change in, the laws or regulations of the United States 
or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series Y Preferred Stock; 
proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance 
of any shares of the Series Y Preferred Stock; or 
official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement 
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series Y Preferred Stock, 
there is more than an insubstantial risk that JPMorgan Chase will not be entitled to treat an amount equal to the 
full liquidation amount of all shares of the Series Y Preferred Stock then outstanding as "additional Tier I 
capital" (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of the appropriate 
federal banking agency, as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of the Series Y Preferred Stock 
is outstanding. 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Z 
On April 21, 2015, we issued 200,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, 
Series Z, SI par value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the "Series Z Preferred Stock"). Shares 
of the Series Z Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth interest in a 
share of preferred stock of the series. 
The Series Z Preferred Stock has the same powers, preferences and rights as our other outstanding series of 
preferred stock with respect to the payment of dividends, rights upon liquidation, redemption rights and voting 
rights, as described in the attached prospectus under "Description of Preferred Stock—Outstanding Series of 
Preferred Stock" and in this prospectus supplement. 
Dividends. Dividends on the Series Z Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of 
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, May I, 2020 
at a rate of 5.30% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, on May I and November 1 of each year, 
beginning on November 1, 2015. From and including May 1, 2020, dividends will be paid when, as, and if 
declared by ow board or such committee at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.80% 
per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on February I, May 1, August I and November I of each year, 
beginning on August 1, 2020. Dividends on the Series Z Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
Redemption. The Series Z Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after May L 
2020, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary 
share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series Z Preferred Stock in whole, but 
not in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any 
declared and unpaid dividends, following the occurrence of a capital treatment event. For purposes of the 
Series Z Preferred Stock, "capital treatment event" means the good faith determination by JPMorgan Chase that, 
as a result of any: 
• amendment to, or change or any announced prospective change in, the laws or regulations of the United States 
or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series Z Preferred Stock; 
S-24 
EFTA01136590
--- PAGE 25 ---
proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance 
of any shares of the Series Z Preferred Stock; or 
official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement 
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of the Series Z Preferred Stock, 
there is more than an insubstantial risk that WMorgan Chase will not be entitled to treat an amount equal to the 
full liquidation amount of all shares of the Series Z Preferred Stock then outstanding as "additional Tier I 
capital" (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of the appropriate 
federal banking agency, as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of the Series Z Preferred Stock 
is outstanding. 
S-25 
EFTA01136591
--- PAGE 26 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DEPOSITARY SHARES 
We have summarized below certain terms of the depositary shares governed by the deposit agreement among us, 
the depositary and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts. This summary supplements the 
general description of the depositary shares under "Description of Preferred Stock—Depositary Shares" in the 
accompanying prospectus. Arty information regarding the depositary shares and the depositary receipts 
contained in the deposit agreement that is inconsistent with the information in this prospectus supplement and 
the prospectus will apply and will supersede information in this prospectus supplement and the prospectus. This 
summary is not complete. You should refer to the deposit agreement, including the form of the depositary receipts 
contained in the deposit agreement, which will be filed in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
General 
We are offering depositary shares representing proportional fractional interests in shares of the Preferred Stock. 
Each depositary share represents a I/40O interest in a share of the Preferred Stock, and will be evidenced by 
depositary receipts, as described under "Registration and Settlement—Book-Entry System." We will deposit the 
underlying shares of the Preferred Stock with a depositary pursuant to a deposit agreement among us, 
Computershare Inc, acting as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts. Subject to 
the terms of the deposit agreement, the depositary shares will be entitled to all the powers, preferences and 
special rights of the Preferred Stock, as applicable, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a sham of Preferred 
Stock those depositary shares represent. 
In this prospectus supplement, references to "holders" of depositary shares mean those who have depositary 
receipts registered in their own names on the books maintained by the depositary and not indirect holders who 
own beneficial interests in depositary receipts registered in the street name of, or issued in book-entry form 
through, The Depository Trust Company, or "DTC." You should review the special considerations that apply to 
indirect holders described in "Registration and Settlement—Book-Entry System." 
Dividends and Other Distributions 
Each dividend payable on a depositary share will be in an amount equal to I/400th of the dividend declared and 
payable on the related share of the Preferred Stock. 
The depositary will distribute all dividends and other cash distributions received on the Preferred Stock to the 
holders of record of the depositary receipts in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by each holder. 
In the event of a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to the 
holders of record of the depositary receipts as nearly as practicable in proportion to the number of depositary 
shares held by each holder, unless the depositary determines that this distribution is not feasible, in which case 
the depositary may, with our approval, adopt a method of distribution that it deems practicable, including the sale 
of the property and distribution of the net proceeds of that sale to the holders of the depositary receipts. 
Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the depositary shares will be the same as 
the corresponding record dates for the related shares of Preferred Stock. 
The amount paid as dividends or otherwise distributable by the depositary with respect to the depositary shares or 
the underlying Preferred Stock will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by us or the depositary on 
account of taxes or other governmental charges. The depositary may refuse to make any payment or distribution, 
or any transfer, exchange, or withdrawal of any depositary shares or the shares of the Preferred Stock until such 
taxes or other governmental charges are paid. 
S-26 
EFTA01136592
--- PAGE 27 ---
Redemption of Depositary Shares 
If we redeem the Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, as described above under "Description of the Preferred 
Stock—Optional Redemption," depositary shares also will be redeemed with the proceeds received by the 
depositary from the redemption of the Preferred Stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per 
depositary share will be 1/400th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the Preferred Stock, 
plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends. 
If we redeem shares of the Preferred Stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same 
redemption date, the number of depositary shares representing those shares of the Preferred Stock so redeemed. 
If we redeem less than all of the outstanding depositary shares, the depositary will select pro rata, by lot or in 
such other manner as may be determined by the depositary to be fair and equitable, those depositary shares to be 
redeemed. The depositary will mail notice of redemption to record holders of the depositary receipts not less than 
and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption of the Preferred Stock and the related 
depositary shares. 
Voting the Preferred Stock 
Because each depositary share represents a I/400th interest in a share of the Preferred Stock, holders of depositary 
receipts will be entitled to I/40011' of a vote per depositary share under those limited circumstances in which 
holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to a vote, as described above in "Description of the Preferred Stock—
Voting Rights." 
When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to 
vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the depositary 
shares relating to the Preferred Stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date, which will 
be the same date as the record date for the Preferred Stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the 
Preferred Stock represented by the holder's depositary shares. To the extent practicable, the depositary will vote 
the amount of the Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it 
receives. We will agree to take all actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to 
vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary 
shares representing the Preferred Stock, it will abstain from voting with respect to such shares. 
Withdrawal of Preferred Stock 
Underlying shares of Preferred Stock may be withdrawn from the depositary arrangement upon surrender of 
depositary receipts at the depositary's office and upon payment of the taxes, charges and fees provided for in the 
deposit agreement. Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, the holder of depositary receipts will receive 
the appropriate number of shares of Preferred Stock represented by such depositary shares. Only whole shares of 
Preferred Stock may be withdrawn; if a holder holds an amount other than a whole multiple of 400 depositary 
shares, the depositary will deliver along with the withdrawn shares of Preferred Stock a new depositary receipt 
evidencing the excess number of depositary shares. Holders of withdrawn shares of Preferred Stock will not be 
entitled to redeposit such shares or to receive depositary shares. 
Form and Notices 
The Preferred Stock will be issued in registered form to the depositary, and the depositary shares will be issued in 
book-entry only form through DTC, as described below in "Registration and Settlement—Book-Entry System" 
and in "Book-Entry Issuance" in the attached prospectus. The depositary will fonvard to the holders of depositary 
shares all reports, notices, and communications from us that are delivered to the depositary and that we are 
required to furnish to the holders of the Preferred Stock. 
5-27 
EFTA01136593
--- PAGE 28 ---
REGISTRATION AND SETTLEMENT 
Book-Entry System 
The depositary shares will be issued in book-entry only form through the facilities of DTC. This means that 
actual depositary receipts will not be issued to each holder of depositary shares, except in limited circumstances. 
Instead, the depositary shares will be in the form of a single global depositary receipt deposited with and held in 
the name of DTC, or its nominee. In order to own a beneficial interest in a depositary receipt, you must be an 
organization that participates in DTC or have an account with an organization that participates in DTC, including 
Euroclear Bank S.A.M., as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear"), and Clearstream Banking, societe 
anonyme ("Clearstream"). 
Except as described in the attached prospectus, owners of beneficial interests in the global depositary receipt will 
not be entitled to have depositary receipts registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive 
physical delivery of the depositary receipts in definitive form, and will not be considered the owners or holders 
of depositary shares under our certificate of incorporation or the deposit agreement, including for purposes of 
receiving any reports or notices delivered by us. Accordingly, each person owning a beneficial interest in the 
depositary receipts must rely on the procedures of DTC and, if that person is not a participant, on the procedures 
of the participant through which that person owns its beneficial interest, in order to exercise any rights of a holder 
of depositary shares. 
If we discontinue the book-entry only form system of registration, we will replace the global depositary receipt 
with depositary receipts in certificated form registered in the names of the beneficial owners. 
Same Day Settlement 
As long as the depositary shares are represented by a global depositary receipt registered in the name of DTC, or 
its nominee, the depositary shares will trade in the DTC Same-Day Funds Settlement System. DTC requires 
secondary market trading activity in the depositary shares to settle in immediately available funds. This 
requirement may affect trading activity in the depositary shares. 
Payment of Dividends 
We will pay dividends, if any, on the Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares in book-entry form to the 
depositary. In turn, the depositary will deliver the dividends to DTC in accordance with the arrangements then in 
place between the depositary and DTC. Generally, DTC will be responsible for crediting the dividend payments 
it receives from the depositary to the accounts of DTC participants, and each participant will be responsible for 
disbursing the dividend payment for which it is credited to the holders that it represents. As long as the 
depositary shares are represented by a global depositary receipt, we will make all dividend payments in 
immediately available funds. 
In the event depositary receipts are issued in certificated form, dividends generally will be paid by check mailed 
to the holders of the depositary receipts on the applicable record date at the address appearing on the security 
register. 
Notices 
Any notices required to be delivered to you will be given by the depositary to DTC for communication to its 
participants. 
If the depositary receipts are issued in certificated form, notices to you also will be given by mail to the addresses 
of the holders as they appear on the security register. 
S-28 
EFTA01136594
--- PAGE 29 ---
CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following is a summary of certain United States federal tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and 
disposition of depositary shares representing a 1/400'b interest in a share of our Preferred Stock as of the date 
hereof. For United States federal income tax purposes, holders of depositary shares will generally be treated as if 
they own an interest in the underlying Preferred Stock. Except where noted, this summary deals only with 
depositary shares purchased in this offering and held as capital assets. This summary does not represent a 
detailed description of the United States federal income tax consequences applicable to you if you are subject to 
special treatment under the United States federal income tax laws, including if you are: 
a dealer in securities or currencies; 
a financial institution; 
• a regulated investment company; 
• a real estate investment trust; 
• an insurance company; 
a tax-exempt organization; 
a person holding depositary shares as part of a hedging, integrated or conversion transaction, a 
constructive sale or a straddle; 
a trader in securities that has elected the mark-to-market method of accounting for its securities; 
• a person liable for alternative minimum tax; 
• a partnership or other pass-through entity for United States federal income tax purposes; or 
• a U.S. Holder whose "functional currency" is not the United States dollar. 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of depositary shares that is for United States 
federal income tax purposes: 
• an individual citizen or resident of the United States; 
• a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) 
created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of 
Columbia; 
• an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its 
source; or 
• a trust if it (I) is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or 
more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) has a 
valid election in effect under applicable United States Treasury regulations to be treated as a United 
States person. 
The term "non-U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of depositary shares (other than a partnership) that is not a 
U.S. Holder. 
The discussion below is based upon the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Internal Revenue Code"), and regulations, rulings and judicial decisions thereunder as of the date hereof, and 
such authorities may be replaced, revoked or modified, possibly with retroactive effect, so as to result in United 
States federal tax consequences different from those discussed below. 
S-29 
EFTA01136595
--- PAGE 30 ---
If a partnership holds depositary shares, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the 
partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership holding depositary shares, you 
should consult your tax advisors. 
This summary does not contain a detailed description of all the United States federal tax consequences to you in 
light of your particular circumstances and does not address the Medicare tax on net investment income or the 
effects of any state, local or non-United States tax laws. If you are considering the purchase, ownership or 
disposition of depositary shares, you should consult your own tax advisors concerning the United States 
federal tax consequences to you in light of your particular situation as well as any consequences arising 
under the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction. 
U.S. Holders 
Taxation of Dividends 
If you are a U.S. Holder, the gross amount of dividends on depositary shares will be taxable as dividends to the 
extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under United States federal 
income tax principles. Such income will be includable in your gross income as ordinary income on the day 
actually or constructively received by you. Although we expect that our current and accumulated earnings and 
profits will be such that all dividends paid with respect to the depositary shares will qualify as dividends for 
United States federal income tax purposes, we cannot guarantee that result. Our accumulated earnings and profits 
and our current earnings and profits in future years will depend in significant part on ow future profits or losses, 
which we cannot accurately predict. Non-corporate U.S. Holders will generally be eligible for reduced rates of 
taxation on any dividends received from us with respect to the depositary shares, provided that certain holding 
period and other requirements are satisfied. 
To the extent that the amount of any distribution exceeds ow current and accumulated earnings and profits for a 
taxable year, as determined under United States federal income tax principles, the distribution will first be treated as a 
tax-free return of capital, causing a reduction in the adjusted basis of a depositary share (thereby increasing the amount 
of gain, or decreasing the amount of loss, to be recognized by you on a subsequent disposition of the depositary share), 
and the balance in excess of adjusted basis will be taxed as capital gain recognized on a sale or exchange. 
If you are a corporation, dividends that are received by you will generally be eligible for a 70% dividends-
received deduction under the Internal Revenue Code. To be eligible for this dividends-received deduction, a 
corporation must hold depositary shares for more than 45 days during the 91-day period that begins 45 days 
before the depositary shares become ex-dividend with respect to such dividend and must meet certain other 
requirements. Corporate U.S. Holders should consider the effect of section 246A of the Internal Revenue Code, 
which reduces the dividends-received deduction allowed to a corporate shareholder that has incurred 
indebtedness that is "directly attributable" to an investment in portfolio stock such as preferred stock. Corporate 
U.S. Holders should also consider the effect of section 1059 of the Internal Revenue Code, which, under certain 
circumstances, requires you to reduce the basis of stock for purposes of calculating gain or loss in a subsequent 
disposition by the portion of any "extraordinary dividend" that is eligible for the dividends-received deduction. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
If you are a U.S. Holder, you will recognize taxable gain or loss on any sale, exchange or other disposition of 
depositary shares in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized for the depositary shares and 
your adjusted tax basis in such depositary shares. Generally, your adjusted tax basis in the depositary shares will 
be equal to the cost of your depositary shares. Such gain or loss will generally be capital gain or loss. Capital 
S-30 
EFTA01136596
--- PAGE 31 ---
gains of individual U.S. Holders derived with respect to capital assets held for more than one year are eligible for 
reduced rates of taxation. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
Redemption 
A redemption of depositary shares for cash will be treated as a distribution taxable as a dividend unless an 
applicable exception applies, in which case it will be treated as a sale or exchange of the redeemed shares taxable 
as described under the caption "—Taxation of Capital Gains" above. 
The redemption will be treated as a sale or exchange if it (I) results in a "complete termination" of a U.S. 
Holder's interest in our stock (2) is not "essentially equivalent to a dividend" with respect to a U.S. Holder, or 
(3) is "substantially disproportionate" with respect to a U.S. Holder, all within the meaning of section 302(b) of 
the Internal Revenue Code. In determining whether any of these tests have been met, stock considered to be 
owned by a U.S. Holder by reason of certain constructive ownership rules, as well as shares actually owned by 
such U.S. Holder, must generally be taken into account. If a particular U.S. Holder of depositary shares does not 
own (actually or constructively) any additional stock, or owns only an insubstantial percentage of our outstanding 
stock, and does not participate in our control or management, a pro rata redemption of the depositary shares of 
such U.S. Holder will generally qualify for sale or exchange treatment. However, because the determination as to 
whether any of the alternative tests of section 302(b) of the Internal Revenue Code will be satisfied with respect 
to any particular U.S. Holder of depositary shares depends upon the facts and circumstances at the time that the 
determination must be made, prospective U.S. Holders of depositary shares are advised to consult their own tax 
advisors regarding the tax treatment of a redemption. If a redemption of depositary shares is treated as a 
distribution, the entire amount received will be treated as a distribution and will be taxable as described under the 
caption "—Taxation of Dividends" above. 
Non-U.S. Holders 
The following discussion is a summary of certain United States federal tax consequences that will apply to you if 
you are a non-U.S. Holder of depositary shares. Special rules may apply to certain non-U.S. Holders, such as 
"controlled foreign corporations," "passive foreign investment companies," and certain expatriates, among 
others, that are subject to special treatment under the Internal Revenue Code. Such non-U.S. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors to determine the United States federal, state, local and other tax consequences that 
may be relevant to them. 
Taxation of Dividends 
If you are a non-U.S. Holder of depositary shares, dividends paid to you generally will be subject to withholding 
of United States federal income tax at a 30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income 
tax treaty. However, dividends that are effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business by a 
non-U.S. Holder within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a 
United States permanent establishment) are not subject to the withholding tax, provided certain certification and 
disclosure requirements (generally on an Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Form W-SECI) are satisfied. Instead, 
such dividends are subject to United States federal income tax on a net income basis in the same manner as if the 
non-U.S. Holder were a United States person as defined under the Internal Revenue Code. Any such effectively 
connected dividends received by a foreign corporation may be subject to an additional "branch profits tax" at a 
30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. 
A non-U.S. Holder of depositary shares who wishes to claim the benefits of an applicable income tax treaty and 
avoid backup withholding, as discussed below, for dividends will be required (a) to complete IRS Form W-8BEN 
S-31 
EFTA01136597
--- PAGE 32 ---
or Form W-8BEN-E (or other applicable form) and certify under penalty of perjury that such holder is not a 
United States person as defined under the Internal Revenue Code and is eligible for treaty benefits or (b) if 
depositary shares are held through certain foreign intermediaries, to satisfy the relevant certification requirements 
of applicable United States Treasury regulations. Special certification and other requirements apply to certain 
non-U.S. Holders that are pass-through entities rather than corporations or individuals. 
A non-U.S. Holder of depositary shares eligible for a reduced rate of United States withholding tax pursuant to 
an income tax treaty may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld by filing an appropriate claim for 
refund with the IRS. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
If you are a non-U.S. Holder, any gain realized on the disposition of depositary shares generally will not be 
subject to United States federal income tax unless: 
• the gain is effectively connected with a trade or business of the non-U.S. Holder in the United States 
(and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a United States permanent 
establishment of the non-U.S. Holder); 
• the non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the 
taxable year of that disposition, and certain other conditions are met; or 
• we are or have been a "United States real property holding corporation" for United States federal 
income tax purposes. 
An individual non-U.S. Holder described in the first bullet point immediately above will be subject to tax on the 
net gain derived from the sale under regular graduated United States federal income tax rates. An individual 
non-U.S. Holder described in the second bullet point immediately above will be subject to a flat 30% tax on the 
gain derived from the sale, which may be offset by United States source capital losses, even though the 
individual is not considcrcd a resident of the United States. If a non-U.S. Holder that is a foreign corporation falls 
under the first bullet point immediately above, it will be subject to tax on its net gain in the same manner as if it 
were a United States person as defined under the Internal Revenue Code and, in addition, may be subject to the 
branch profits tax equal to 30% of its effectively connected earnings and profits or at such lower rate as may be 
specified by an applicable income tax treaty. 
We believe we are not and do not anticipate becoming a "United States real property holding corporation" for 
United States federal income tax purposes. 
Federal Estate Tax 
Depositary shares owned or treated as owned by an individual who is not a citizen or resident (as defined for 
United States federal estate tax purposes) of the United States at the time of his or her death will be included in 
the individual's gross estate for United States federal estate tax purposes (unless an applicable treaty provides 
otherwise) and therefore may be subject to United States federal estate tax. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
U.S. Holders 
In general, information reporting will apply to dividends in respect of depositary shares and the proceeds from 
the sale, exchange or redemption of depositary shares that are paid to you within the United States (and in certain 
cases, outside the United States), unless you are an exempt recipient such as a corporation. A backup withholding 
S-32 
EFTA01136598
--- PAGE 33 ---
tax (currently at a 28% rate) may apply to such payments if you fail to provide a taxpayer identification number 
(generally on an IRS Form W-9) or certification of other exempt status or fail to report in full dividend and 
interest income. 
Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or as a credit against your 
United States federal income tax liability provided the required information is furnished to the IRS. 
Non-U.S. Holders 
We must report annually to the IRS and to each non-U.S. Holder the amount of dividends paid to such holder and 
the tax withheld with respect to such dividends. Copies of the information returns reporting such dividends and 
withholding may also be made available to the tax authorities in the country in which the non-U.S. Holder resides 
under the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty. 
A non-U.S. Holder will be subject to backup withholding (currently at a 28% rate) for dividends paid to such 
holder unless such holder certifies under penalty of perjury that it is a non-U.S. Holder (and the payor does not 
have actual knowledge or reason to know that such holder is a United States person as defined under the Internal 
Revenue Code), or such holder otherwise establishes an exemption (such as its corporate status). Dividends 
subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax as described under the caption "Non-U.S. Holders—Taxation 
of Dividends" above will not be subject to backup withholding. 
Information reporting and, depending on the circumstances, backup withholding will apply to the proceeds of a 
sale of depositary shares within the United States or conducted through certain United States-related financial 
intermediaries, unless the beneficial owner certifies under penalty of perjury that it is a non-U.S. Holder (and the 
payor does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that the beneficial owner is a United States person as 
defined under the Internal Revenue Code), or such owner otherwise establishes an exemption (such as its 
corporate status). 
Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or as a credit against a 
non-U.S. Holder's United States federal income tax liability provided the required information is furnished to the 
IRS. 
You should consult your tax advisor regarding the application of the information reporting and backup 
withholding rules to you. 
Additional Withholding Requirements 
Under sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code (such sections commonly referred to as 
"FATCA"), a 30% United States federal withholding tax may apply to any dividends paid on the depositary 
shares, and, for a disposition of depositary shares occurring after December 31, 2016, the gross proceeds from 
such disposition, in each case paid to (i) a "foreign financial institution" (as specifically defined in the Internal 
Revenue Code) which does not provide sufficient documentation, typically on IRS Form W-SBEN-E, evidencing 
either (x) an exemption from FATCA, or (y) its compliance (or deemed compliance) with FATCA (which may 
alternatively be in the form of compliance with an intergovernmental agreement with the United States) in a 
manner that avoids withholding, or (ii) a "non-financial foreign entity" (as specifically defined in the Internal 
Revenue Code) which does not provide sufficient documentation, typically on IRS Form W-SBEN-E, evidencing 
either (x) an exemption from FATCA, or (y) adequate information regarding certain substantial United States 
beneficial owners of such entity (if any). If a dividend payment is both subject to withholding under FATCA and 
subject to the withholding tax discussed above under "Non-U.S. Holders—Taxation of Dividends," the 
withholding under FATCA may be credited against, and therefore reduce, such other withholding tax. You 
should consult your own tax advisor regarding these requirements and whether they may be relevant to your 
ownership and disposition of depositary shares. 
S-33 
EFTA01136599
--- PAGE 34 ---
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The following is a summary of certain considerations associated with the purchase of the depositary shares by 
employee benefit plans to which Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended, which we refer to as ERISA, applies; plans, individual retirement accounts and other arrangements to 
which Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code or provisions under any other federal, state, local, non-U.S. or 
other laws or regulations that are similar to such provisions of ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code, which we 
collectively refer to as Similar Laws, apply; and entities whose underlying assets are considered to include "plan 
assets" of any such plan, account or arrangement (each of which we call a Plan). 
Each fiduciary of a Plan should consider the fiduciary standards of ERISA or any applicable Similar Laws in the 
context of the Plan's particular circumstances before authorizing an investment in the depositary shares. 
Accordingly, among other factors, the fiduciary should consider whether the investment would satisfy the 
prudence and diversification requirements of ERISA or any applicable Similar Laws and would be consistent 
with the documents and instruments governing the Plan. 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code prohibit Plans subject to such provisions, 
which we call ERISA Plans, from engaging in certain transactions involving "plan assets" with persons that are 
"parties in interest" under ERISA or "disqualified persons" under the Internal Revenue Code with respect to the 
ERISA Plans. A violation of these "prohibited transaction" rules may result in an excise tax or other liabilities 
under ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code for those persons unless exemptive relief is 
available under an applicable class, individual, statutory or administrative exemption. Certain employee benefit 
plans that are governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in 
Section 3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) are not subject to the 
requirements of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, but may be subject to Similar Laws. 
Prohibited transactions within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue 
Code could arise if the depositary shares were acquired by an ERISA Plan with respect to which we or any of our 
affiliates are a party in interest or a disqualified person. For example, if we are a party in interest or disqualified 
person with respect to an investing ERISA Plan (either directly or by reason of our ownership of our 
subsidiaries), an extension of credit prohibited by Section 406(a)(I)(B) of ERISA and Section 4975(c)(1XB) of 
the Internal Revenue Code between the investing ERISA Plan and us may be deemed to occur, unless exemptive 
relief were available under an applicable exemption. In this regard, the United States Department of Labor has 
issued prohibited transaction class exemptions, or PTCEs, that may provide exemptive relief for direct or indirect 
prohibited transactions resulting from the purchase, holding or disposition of the depositary shares. Those class 
exemptions include: 
• PTCE 96.23—for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers; 
• PTCE 95-60-for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts; 
• PTCE 91-38—for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds; 
• PTCE 90.1—for certain transactions involving insurance company separate accounts; and 
• PTCE 84-14—for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset 
managers. 
In addition, ERISA Section 408(6)(17) and Internal Revenue Code Section 4975(dX20) provide a limited 
exemption for the purchase and sale of securities and related lending transactions, provided that neither the issuer 
of the securities nor any of its affiliates have or exercise any discretionary authority or control or render any 
S-34 
EFTA01136600
--- PAGE 35 ---
investment advice with respect to the assets of any ERISA Plan involved in the transaction and provided further 
that the ERISA Plan pays no more than adequate consideration in connection with the transaction (the so-called 
"service provider exemption"). 
No assurance can be made that all of the conditions of any such exemptions will be satisfied. 
Because of the possibility that direct or indirect prohibited transactions or similar violations of Similar Laws 
could occur as a result of the purchase of the depositary shares by a Plan, the depositary shares may not be 
purchased by any Plan, or any person investing the assets of any Plan, unless its purchase and holding of the 
depositary shares will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Internal 
Revenue Code or similar violation of any applicable Similar Laws. Any purchaser or holder of the depositary 
shares or any interest in the depositary shares will be deemed to have represented by its purchase and holding of 
the depositary shares that either: 
• it is not a Plan and is not purchasing the depositary shares or interest in the depositary shares on 
behalf of or with the assets of any Plan; or 
• its purchase and holding of the depositary shares or interest in the depositary shares will not constitute 
or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code or a similar 
violation of any applicable Similar Laws. 
Due to the complexity of these rules and the penalties imposed upon persons involved in non-exempt prohibited 
transactions, it is important that any person considering the purchase of depositary shares on behalf of or with the 
assets of any Plan consult with its counsel regarding the consequences under ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code 
and any applicable Similar Laws of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of depositary shares, whether any 
exemption would be applicable, and whether all conditions of such exemption have been satisfied such that the 
acquisition and holding of the depositary shares by the Plan are entitled to full exemptive relief thereunder. 
Nothing herein shall be construed as, and the sale of depositary shares to a Plan is in no respect, a representation 
by us or the underwriters that any investment in the depositary shares would meet any or all of the relevant legal 
requirements with respect to investment by, or is appropriate for, Plans generally or any particular Plan. 
S-35 
EFTA01136601
--- PAGE 36 ---
UNDERWRITING 
JPMorgan Chase and the underwriters named below have entered into an underwriting agreement relating to the 
offer and sale of the depositary shares. In the underwriting agreement, we have agreed to sell to each underwriter, 
and each underwriter has agreed to purchase from us, the number of depositary shares set forth opposite its name 
below: 
Name 
•. Morgan Securities LLC 
Citigroup Global Markets  
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith 
Incorporated  
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC  
UBS Securities LLC  
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC  
Total  
Number of 
Depositary 
Shares 
The obligations of the underwriters under the underwriting agreement, including their agreement to purchase the 
depositary shares from us, are several and not joint. Those obligations are also subject to the satisfaction of 
certain conditions in the underwriting agreement. The underwriters have agreed to purchase all of the depositary 
shares if any are purchased. 
The underwriters have advised us that they propose to offer the depositary shares to the public at the public offering 
price that appears on the cover page of this prospectus supplement. The undenvriters may offer the depositary 
shares to selected dealers at the public offering price minus a selling concession of up to S 
per depositary 
share or S 
per depositary share in the case of sales to certain institutions. In addition, the undenvriters may 
allow, and those selected dealers may rcallow, a selling concession of up to $ 
per depositary share to certain 
other dealers or $ 
per depositary share in the case of sales to certain institutions. After the initial public 
offering, the underwriters may change the public offering price and any other selling terms. 
The underwriters have an option to buy up to 
additional depositary shares from us to cover sales of 
depositary shares by the underwriters which exceed the number of depositary shares specified in the table above. 
The underwriters have 30 days from the date of this prospectus supplement to exercise this over-allotment 
option. If any depositary shares are purchased with this over-allotment option, the underwriters will purchase 
depositary shares in approximately the same proportion as shown in the table above. If any additional depositary 
shares are purchased, the underwriters will offer the additional depositary shares on the same terms as those on 
which the depositary shares are being offered. 
The underwriting fee is equal to the public offering price per depositary share less the amount paid by the 
underwriters to us per depositary share. The underwriting fee is $ 
per depositary share or S 
per 
depositary share in the case of sales to certain institutions. The following table shows the per depositary share 
and total underwriting discounts and commissions to be paid to the underwriters assuming both no exercise and 
full exercise of the underwriters' option to purchase additional depositary shares. 
Without 
With full 
over-allotment 
over-allotment 
exercise 
exercise(l) 
Per Depositary Share  
Total  
S 
(2) 
S 
(I) Reflects full exercise of the underwriters' option to purchase 
additional depositary shares and 
assumes the sale of all such depositary shares to retail investors. 
S-36 
(2) 
EFTA01136602
--- PAGE 37 ---
(2) The underwriting commissions of S 
per depositary share will be deducted from the public offering 
price; provided, however, that for sales to certain institutions, the underwriting commissions deducted will 
be $ 
per depositary share, which will increase the proceeds to us with respect to these depositary 
shares by $ 
We will pay our expenses related to this offering, which we estimate will be $150,000. 
In addition, we have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under 
the Securities Act of 1933. 
The depositary shares are a new issue of securities, and there is currently no established trading market for the 
depositary shares. We intend to apply to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange. If the 
application is approved, we expect trading of the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange to begin 
within a 30-day period after the initial issuance of the depositary shares. The underwriters have advised us that 
they intend to make a market in the depositary shares prior to the date trading on the New York Stock Exchange 
begins. However, they are not obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making in the depositary 
shares at any time in their sole discretion. Therefore, we cannot assure you that a liquid trading market for the 
depositary shares will develop, that you will be able to sell your depositary shares at a particular time or that the 
price you receive when you sell will be favorable. 
In order to meet one of the requirements for listing the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange, the 
underwriters have undertaken to sell the depositary shares to a minimum of 100 beneficial holders. 
Each underwriter has represented to us and agreed with us that it has not made and will not make an offer of the 
depositary shares to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area which has implemented the 
Prospectus Directive (a "Relevant Member State") from and including the date on which the Prospectus Directive 
is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the "Relevant Implementation Date"). However, an underwriter 
may make an offer of the depositary shares to the public in that Relevant Member State at any time on or after 
the Relevant Implementation Date to any legal entity which is a "qualified investor" as defined in the Prospectus 
Directive, to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "qualified investors" as defined in the Prospectus 
Directive), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant dealer or dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer, or in any other circumstances falling within Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive, provided that, in 
each case, no such offer of the depositary shares shall result in a requirement for us or any underwriter to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 16 
of the Prospectus Directive. For the purposes of the foregoing, the expression an "offer of the depositary shares 
to the public" in relation to any depositary shares in any Relevant Member State means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the depositary shares to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the depositary shares, as the same may 
be varied in that Relevant Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant 
Member State. The expression "Prospectus Directive" means Directive 2003/7I/EC (as amended, including by 
Directive 2010/73/EU) and includes any relevant implementing measure in the Relevant Member State. 
JPMorgan Chase's affiliates, including M. Morgan Securities LLC, may use this prospectus supplement and the 
attached prospectus in connection with offers and sales of the depositary shares in the secondary market. These 
affiliates may act as principal or agent in those transactions. Secondary market sales will be made at prices 
related to prevailing market prices at the time of sale. 
In connection with this offering, 
Morgan Securities LLC may engage in over-allotment, stabilizing 
transactions, syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids in accordance with Regulation M under the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Over-allotment involves sales in excess of the offering size, which create a 
short position for the underwriters. Stabilizing transactions involve bids to purchase the depositary shares in the 
S-37 
EFTA01136603
--- PAGE 38 ---
open market for the purpose of pegging, fixing or maintaining the price of the depositary shares. Syndicate 
covering transactions involve purchases of the depositary shares in the open market after the distribution has 
been completed in order to cover syndicate short positions. Penalty bids permit the managing underwriter to 
reclaim a selling concession from a syndicate member when the depositary shares originally sold by that 
syndicate member are purchased in a syndicate covering transaction to cover syndicate short positions. 
Stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids may cause the price of the depositary 
shares to be higher than it would otherwise be in the absence of those transactions. If M. Morgan Securities LLC 
engages in stabilizing, syndicate covering transactions or penalty bids it may discontinue them at any time. 
Certain of the underwriters engage in transactions with and perform services for us and our affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. 
We will deliver the depositary shares to the underwriters at the closing of this offering when the underwriters pay 
us the purchase price of the depositary shares. 
The underwriting agreement provides that the closing will occur on 
, which is five business days 
after the date of this prospectus supplement. Rule 15c6.1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 generally 
requires that securities trades in the secondary market settle in three business days, unless the parties to a trade 
expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade depositary shares on any date prior to the 
third business day before delivery will be required, by virtue of the fact that the depositary shares will settle in 
five business days, to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed 
settlement. Such purchasers should also consult their own advisors in this regard. 
Conflicts of Interest 
We own directly or indirectly all the outstanding equity securities of • 
Morgan Securities LLC. The 
underwriting arrangements for this offering comply with the requirements of Rule 5121 of the regulations of the 
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") regarding a FINRA member firm's underwriting of 
securities of an affiliate. In accordance with Rule 5121, M. Morgan Securities LLC may not make sales in this 
offering to any discretionary account without the prior approval of the customer. 
S-38 
EFTA01136604
--- PAGE 39 ---
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
The financial statements and management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial 
reporting (which is included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting) incorporated 
in this prospectus supplement by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase for the year 
ended December 31, 2014 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 
an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and 
accounting. 
With respect to the unaudited financial information ofJPMorgan Chase for the three-month periods ended 
March 31, 2015 and 2014 incorporated in this prospectus supplement by reference to the Quarterly Report on 
Form 10-Q of JPMorgan Chase for the quarter ended March 3I, 2015 filed with the SEC on May 5, 2015, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP reported that they have applied limited procedures in accordance with professional 
standards for a review of such information. However, their separate report dated May 5, 2015, also incorporated 
by reference in this prospectus supplement, states that they did not audit and they do not express an opinion on 
that unaudited financial information. Accordingly, the degree of reliance on their report on such information 
should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
is not subject to the liability provisions of Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933 for their report on the 
unaudited financial information because that report is not a "report" or a "part" of the registration statement 
prepared or certified by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP within the meaning of Sections 7 and II of the Securities 
Act of 1933. 
LEGAL OPINIONS 
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, New York, New York, will deliver an opinion for us regarding the validity of 
the Preferred Stock and the related depositary shares. Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, New York, New York, will 
provide a similar opinion for the underwriters. Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP has represented and continues to 
represent us and our subsidiaries in a substantial number of matters on a regular basis. 
S-39 
EFTA01136605
--- PAGE 40 ---
Prospectus 
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. 
Debt Securities 
Preferred Stock 
Depositary Shares 
Common Stock 
Warrants 
Units 
These securities may be offered from time to time, in amounts, on terms and at prices that will be 
determined at the time they are offered for sale. These terms and prices will be described in more detail in one or 
more supplements to this prospectus, which will be distributed at the time the securities are offered. 
You should read this prospectus and any supplement carefully before you invest. 
This prospectus may not he used to sell any of the securities unless it is accompanied by a prospectus 
supplement. 
The securities may be sold to or through underwriters, through dealers or agents, directly to purchasers or 
through a combination of these methods. If an offering of securities involves any underwriters, dealers or agents, 
then the applicable prospectus supplement will name the underwriters, dealers or agents and will provide 
information regarding any fee, commission or discount arrangements made with those underwriters, dealers or 
agents. 
These securities are not deposits or other obligations of a bank and are not insured by the Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency. 
These securities have not been approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any state 
securities commission, nor have these organizations determined that this prospectus is accurate or 
complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
This prospectus is dated October 11, 2013 
EFTA01136606
--- PAGE 41 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Summary  
Description of Preferred Stock  
Consolidated Ratios of Earnings to Fixed 
Description of Depositary Shares  
Charges and Preferred Stock Dividend 
Description of Common Stock  
Requirements 
Description of Securities Warrants  
Where You Can Find More Information About 
Description of Currency Warrants  
JPMorgan Chase  
Description of Units  
Important Factors that may Affect Future 
Book•Entry Issuance  
Results  
Plan of Distribution  
Use of Proceeds  
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm .. 38 
Description of Debt Securities  
Legal Opinions  
EFTA01136607
--- PAGE 42 ---
SUMMARY 
This summary highlights selected information from this document and may not contain all of the 
information that is important to you. To understand the terms of our securities, you should carefully read: 
• 
this prospectus. which explains the general terms of the securities we may offer; 
the attached prospectus supplement. which gives the specific terms of the particular securities we arc 
offering and may change or update information in this prospectus; and 
the documents we have referred you to in "Where You Can Find More Information About JPMorgan 
Chase" on page 7 for information about our company and our financial statements. 
Certain capitalized terms used in this summary are defined elsewhere in this prospectus. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., which we refer to as "JPMorgan Chase," "we" or "us." is a financial holding 
company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968. We are a leading global financial services firm and one of 
the largest banking institutions in the United States, with operations worldwide. JPMorgan Chase had 
$2.4 trillion in assets and $209.2 billion in total stockholders' equity as of June 30, 2013. To find out how to 
obtain more information about us. see "Where You Can Find More Information About JPMorgan Chase." 
Our principal executive offices are located at 270 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017 and our 
telephone number is (212) 270.6000. 
The Securities We May Offer 
This prospectus is part of a registration statement (the "registration statement") that we filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") utilizing a "shelf' registration process. Under this shelf process. 
we may offer from time to time an indeterminate amount of any of the following securities: 
debt; 
preferred stock; 
depositary shares; 
• 
common stock; 
• 
warrants; and 
• 
units. 
This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we offer 
securities, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will describe the specific amounts, prices and terms of 
the securities being offered. The prospectus supplement may also add to, update or change information contained 
in this prospectus. References to this prospectus or the prospectus supplement also means the information 
contained in other documents we have filed with the SEC and have referred you to in this prospectus. If this 
prospectus is inconsistent with the prospectus supplement, you should rely on the prospectus supplement. You 
should read this prospectus. the applicable prospectus supplement and the additional information that we refer 
you to. as discussed under "Where You Can Find More Information About JPMorgan Chase." 
EFTA01136608
--- PAGE 43 ---
Debt Securities 
We may use this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement to offer our unsecured general debt 
obligations, which may be senior or subordinated. The senior debt securities will have the same rank as all of our 
other unsecured, unsubordinated debt. The subordinated debt securities will be entitled to payment only after 
payment on our "Senior Indebtedness." which includes the senior debt securities. In addition, under certain 
circumstances relating to our dissolution, winding•up, liquidation or reorganization, the subordinated debt 
securities will be entitled to payment only after the payment of claims relating to "Additional Senior 
Obligations." For the definitions of Senior Indebtedness and Additional Senior Obligations, see "Description of 
Debt Securities—Subordinated Debt Securities—Subordination•" beginning on page 16 below. 
New series of senior debt securities will be issued under an indenture between us and Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas, as trustee. New series of subordinated debt securities will be issued under an indenture 
between us and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as trustee. We have summarized below certain general 
features of the debt securities from the indentures. We encourage you to read the indentures, which are exhibits 
to the registration statement. 
We are a holding company and conduct substantially all of our operations through subsidiaries. As a result. 
claims of the holders of the debt securities will generally have a junior position to claims of creditors of our 
subsidiaries, except to the extent that JPMorgan Chase may be recognized, and receives payment. as a creditor of 
those subsidiaries. Claims of our subsidiaries' creditors other than JPMorgan Chase include substantial amounts 
of long•term debt, deposit liabilities, federal funds purchased, securities loaned or sold under repurchase 
agreements, commercial paper and other borrowed funds. 
General Indenture Provisions that Apply to the Senior Debt Securities and the Subordinated Debt 
Securities 
• Each indenture allows us to issue different types of debt securities, including indexed securities. 
• Neither of the indentures limits the amount of debt securities that we may issue or provides you with 
any protection should there be a highly leveraged transaction. recapitalization or restructuring 
involving JPMorgan Chase. 
• The indentures allow us to consolidate or merge with another corporation. or to convey, transfer or 
lease all or substantially all of our assets to another corporation. If one of these events occurs, the other 
corporation will be required to assume our responsibilities relating to the debt securities, and, except in 
the case of a lease, we will be released from all liabilities and obligations. 
• The indentures provide that holders of a majority of the total principal amount of outstanding debt 
securities of any series may vote to change certain of our obligations or certain of your rights 
concerning the debt securities of that series. However, to change the amount or timing of principal, 
interest or other payments under the debt securities of a series, every holder in the series affected by the 
change must consent. 
• If an event of default (as described below) occurs with respect to any series of debt securities, the 
trustee or holders of 25% of the outstanding principal amount of that series may declare the principal 
amount of the series immediately payable. However, holders of a majority of the principal amount may 
rescind this action. 
General Indenture Provisions that Apply Only to Senior Debt Securities 
We have agreed in the indenture applicable to the senior debt securities, which we refer to as the "senior 
indenture.•" that we and our subsidiaries will not sell, assign, transfer, grant a security interest in or otherwise 
dispose of the voting stock of JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, which we refer to as the "Bank." and 
EFTA01136609
--- PAGE 44 ---
that the Bank will not issue its voting stock, unless the sale or issuance is for fair market value and we and our 
subsidiaries would own at least 80% of the voting stock of the Bank following the sale or issuance. This covenant 
would not prevent us from completing a merger, consolidation or sale of substantially all of our assets. In 
addition, this covenant would not prevent the merger or consolidation of the Bank into another domestic bank if 
JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries would own at least 80% of the voting stock of the successor entity after the 
merger or consolidation. 
If we satisfy certain conditions in the senior indenture, we may discharge that indenture at any time by 
depositing with the trustee sufficient funds or government obligations to pay the senior debt securities when due. 
Events of Default. The senior indenture provides that the following are events of default with respect to any 
series of senior debt securities: 
default in the payment of interest on any senior debt securities of that series and continuance of that 
default for 30 days; 
default in the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, on, any senior debt securities of that series at 
maturity: 
default in the deposit of any sinking fund payment on that series of senior debt securities and 
continuance of that default for five days; 
failure by us for 90 days after notice by the trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in principal 
amount of the outstanding senior debt securities of that series to perform any of the other covenants or 
warranties in the senior indenture applicable to that series; 
specified events of bankruptcy. reorganization or insolvency of JPMorgan Chase or the Bank; and 
any other event of default specified with respect to senior debt securities of that series. 
Each series of senior debt securities issued prior to November I, 2007 (A) includes additional events of 
default applicable in the event that (i) we default in the payment of principal when due on JPMorgan Chase debt 
in excess of a specified amount or (ii) the maturity of more than a specified amount of our debt is accelerated and 
the acceleration is not rescinded and (B) provides a shorter grace period for a covenant breach than provided 
above. Certain series of debt securities that we assumed in connection with our merger with The Bear Stearns 
Companies LLC (formerly known as The Bear Stearns Companies Inc.). which we refer to as "Bear Stearns," 
include additional events of default as well. Accordingly, the senior debt securities offered by use of this 
prospectus will not have the benefit of the additional events of default and shorter covenant breach grace period 
applicable to some of our senior debt. 
General Indenture Provisions that Apply Only to Subordinated Debt Securities 
The subordinated debt securities will be subordinated to all "Senior Indebtedness," which includes all of our 
indebtedness for money borrowed, except indebtedness that is stated not to be senior to. or that is stated to have 
the same rank as, the subordinated debt securities or other securities having the same rank as or that are 
subordinated to the subordinated debt securities. 
Upon our dissolution, winding•up, liquidation or reorganization, creditors holding "Additional Senior 
Obligations" would also be entitled to full payment before we could distribute any amounts to holders of the 
subordinated debt securities. Additional Senior Obligations include indebtedness for claims under derivative 
products, including interest and foreign exchange and commodity contracts, but exclude claims in respect of 
Senior Indebtedness or claims in respect of subordinated obligations. 
EFTA01136610
--- PAGE 45 ---
Events of Default. The indenture for the subordinated debt securities, which we refer to as the "subordinated 
indenture," provides that the following are events of default with respect to any series of subordinated debt 
securities: 
• 
specified events of bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency of JPMorgan Chase; and 
• 
any other event specified with respect to subordinated debt securities of that series. 
Preferred Stock and Depositary Shares 
We may use this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement to offer our preferred stock, par value 
$1 per share, in one or more series. We will determine the dividend, voting, conversion and other rights of the 
series being offered, and the terms and conditions relating to the offering and sale of the series, at the time of the 
offer and sale. We may also issue preferred stock that will be represented by depositary shares and depositary 
receipts. 
Common Stock 
We may use this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement to offer our common stock, par value 
$1 per share. Subject to the rights of holders of our preferred stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to 
receive dividends when declared by our board of directors (which may also refer to a board committee). Each 
holder of common stock is entitled to one vote per share. The holders of common stock have no preemptive 
rights or cumulative voting rights. 
Warrants 
We may use this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement to offer warrants for the purchase of 
debt securities, preferred stock or common stock, which we refer to as "securities warrants." We may also offer 
warrants for the cash value in U.S. dollars of the right to purchase or sell foreign or composite currencies, which 
we refer to as "currency warrants." We may issue warrants independently or together with other securities. 
Units 
We may use this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement to offer any combination of debt 
securities, preferred stock, depositary shares, common stock and warrants issued by us, debt obligations or other 
securities of an entity affiliated or not affiliated with us or other property together as units. In the applicable 
prospectus supplement, we will describe the particular combination of debt securities, preferred stock, depositary 
shares, common stock and warrants issued by us, or debt obligations or other securities of an entity affiliated or 
not affiliated with us or other property constituting any units, and any other specific terms of the units. 
Conflicts of Interest 
We own directly or indirectly all the outstanding equity securities of M. Morgan Securities LLC. The 
underwriting arrangements for any offering pursuant to this prospectus will comply with the requirements of 
Rule 5121 of the regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") regarding a FINRA 
member firm's underwriting of securities of an affiliate. In accordance with Rule 5121, M. Morgan Securities 
LLC may not make sales pursuant to this prospectus to any discretionary account without the prior approval of 
the customer. 
EFTA01136611
--- PAGE 46 ---
CONSOLIDATED RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 
AND PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDEND REQUIREMENTS 
Our consolidated ratios of earnings to fixed charges and our consolidated ratios of earnings to combined 
fixed charges and preferred stock dividend requirements are as follows: 
Earnings to Fixed Charges: 
Six Months Ended 
June 30, 2013 
Year Ended December 31. 
2012 
2011 
2010 
2009 
2008 
Excluding Interest on Deposits 
5.51 
4.21 3.60 331 2.47 1.17 
Including Interest on Deposits  
4.57 
3.48 2.89 2.87 2.02 1.10 
Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock 
Dividend Requirements: 
Excluding Interest on Deposits  
4.85 
3.83 3.31 3.21 
1.88 1.12 
Including Interest on Deposits  
4.13 
3.23 232 2.68 1.66 1.07 
For purposes of computing the above ratios, earnings represent net income from continuing operations plus 
total taxes based on income and fixed charges. Fixed charges, excluding interest on deposits, include interest 
expense (other than on deposits), one-third (the proportion deemed representative of the interest factor) of rents, 
net of income from subleases, and capitalized interest. Fixed charges, including interest on deposits, include all 
interest expense, one-third (the proportion deemed representative of the interest factor) of rents, net of income 
from subleases, and capitalized interest. 
EFTA01136612
--- PAGE 47 ---
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 
ABOUT JPMORGAN CHASE 
We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our 
SEC filings are available to the public on the website maintained by the SEC at http:/Avww.sec.gov. Our filings 
can also be inspected and printed or copied, for a fee, at the SEC's public reference room. 100 F Street M.„ 
Washington, M. 20549, or you can contact that office by phone: (800) SEC-0330. Please call the SEC at 1.800-
SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Such documents, reports and information are 
also available on our website: 
. Information on our website does not constitute part of 
this prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement. 
The SEC allows us to "incorporate by reference" into this prospectus the information in documents we file 
with it, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The 
information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this prospectus, and later information that we 
file with the SEC will update and supersede this information. 
We incorporate by reference (i) the documents listed below and (ii) any future filings we make with the SEC 
after the date of this prospectus under Section I3(a), 13(c), 14, or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
until our offering is completed. other than, in each case, those documents or the portions of those documents 
which are furnished and not filed: 
(a) Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012; 
(b) Our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2013 and June 30, 2013; 
(c) Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on January 9, 2013, January 15, 2013, January 16, 2013 
(three filings), January 25, 2013, February 5, 2013, February 28, 2013, March 8, 2013, March 15, 2013, 
April 9, 2013, April 12, 2013 (two filings), April 23, 2013, April 29, 2013, May 1, 2013, May 2, 2013, 
May 15, 2013, May 23, 2013, June 4, 2013, June 10, 2013, July 12, 2013 (two filings), July 19, 2013, July 
29. 2013 (two filings), August I, 2013, August 21, 2013, September 10, 2013, September 19, 2013 (two 
filings) and September 20. 2013: and 
(d) The descriptions of our common stock contained in our Registration Statement filed under 
Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any amendment or report filed for the purpose of 
updating that description, and any other Registration Statement on Form 8-A relating to any securities 
offered by this prospectus. 
You may request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing to or telephoning us at the following address: 
Office of the Secretary 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
270 Park Avenue 
New York, New York 10017 
212-270-4040 
You should rely only on the information provided or incorporated by reference in this prospectus or 
any prospectus supplement. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with any other information. 
We are not making an offer of securities in any state where the offer is not permitted. You should not 
assume that the information in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement or any document 
incorporated by reference is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of the applicable 
document. 
EFTA01136613
--- PAGE 48 ---
IMPORTANT FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS 
From time to time, we have made and will make forward-looking statements. These statements can be 
identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Fonvard-looking statements 
often use words such as "anticipate," "target," "expect," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "goal," "believe," or other 
words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements provide our current expectations or forecasts of future 
events, circumstances, results or aspirations. Our disclosures in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement and 
any documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus may contain forward-looking statements within the 
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We also may make forward-looking statements 
in other documents filed or furnished with the SEC. In addition, our senior management may make forward-
looking statements orally to analysts, investors, representatives of the media and others. 
All forward-looking statements are, by their nature, subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are 
beyond our control. JPMorgan Chase's actual future results may differ materially from those set forth in our 
forward-looking statements. While there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is 
complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ from those in the fonvard-looking 
statements: 
• 
local, regional and international business, economic and political conditions and geopolitical events; 
• changes in laws and regulatory requirements, including as a result of recent financial services 
legislation; 
• changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws; 
• securities and capital markets behavior, including changes in market liquidity and volatility; 
• changes in investor sentiment or consumer spending or savings behavior; 
• our ability to manage effectively our capital and liquidity, including approval of our capital plans by 
banking regulators: 
• changes in credit ratings assigned to us or our subsidiaries; 
• damage to our reputation; 
• our ability to deal effectively with an economic slowdown or other economic or market disruption: 
• 
technology changes instituted by us, our counterparties or competitors; 
• 
mergers and acquisitions, including our ability to integrate acquisitions; 
• our ability to develop new products and services, and the extent to which products or services 
previously sold by us (including but not limited to mortgages and asset-backed securities) require us to 
incur liabilities or absorb losses not contemplated at their initiation or origination; 
• our ability to address enhanced regulatory requirements affecting our mortgage business; 
• 
acceptance of our new and existing products and services by the marketplace and our ability to increase 
market share; 
• our ability to attract and retain employees: 
• our ability to control expense: 
• competitive pressures; 
• changes in the credit quality of our customers and counterparties; 
• 
adequacy of our risk management framework, disclosure controls and procedures and internal control 
over financial reporting; 
• adverse judicial or regulatory proceedings; 
• changes in applicable accounting policies; 
EFTA01136614
--- PAGE 49 ---
• our ability to determine accurate values of certain assets and liabilities; 
• occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or calamities or conflicts, including any effect of any such 
disasters, calamities or conflicts on our power generation facilities and our other physical 
commodity-related activities; and 
• our ability to maintain the security of our financial, accounting, technology, data processing and other 
operating systems and facilities. 
Additional factors that may cause future results to differ materially from forward-looking statements can be 
found in portions of our periodic and current reports filed with the SEC and incorporated by reference in this 
prospectus. These factors include, for example, those discussed under the caption "Risk Factors" in our most 
recent annual and quarterly reports. to which reference is hereby made. 
Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus 
supplement or in a document incorporated by reference into this prospectus speak only as of the date of this 
prospectus, the prospectus supplement or the document incorporated by reference, as the case may be. We do not 
undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after 
the date the forward-looking statements were made. You should, however, consult any further disclosures of a 
forward-looking nature we may make in any subsequent Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on 
Form l0-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. 
EFTA01136615
--- PAGE 50 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless othenvise described in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will use the net proceeds we 
receive from the sale of the securities offered by this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement for 
general corporate purposes. General corporate purposes may include the repayment of debt, investments in or 
extensions of credit to our subsidiaries, redemption of our securities or the financing of possible acquisitions or 
business expansion. We may invest the net proceeds temporarily or apply them to repay debt until we are ready 
to use them for their stated purpose. 
EFTA01136616
--- PAGE 51 ---
DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES 
General 
We have described below some general terms that may apply to the debt securities we may offer by use of 
this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement. We will describe the particular terms of any debt 
securities we offer to you in the prospectus supplement relating to those debt securities. 
The debt securities will be either senior debt securities or subordinated debt securities. We will issue the 
senior debt securities under a senior indenture between us and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as 
trustee. We will issue the subordinated debt securities under a subordinated indenture between us and U.S. Bank 
Trust National Association, as trustee. The debt securities and the indentures are governed by the laws of the 
State of New York. 
The following summary is not complete. You should refer to the indentures, copies of which are exhibits to 
the registration statement. 
The indentures do not limit the amount of debt securities that we may issue. Each of the indentures provides 
that we may issue debt securities up to the principal amount we authorize from time to time. The senior debt 
securities will be unsecured and will have the same rank as all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated debt. 
The subordinated debt securities will be unsecured and will be subordinated and junior to all Senior Indebtedness 
as defined below under "— Subordinated Debt Securities — Subordination." In addition, under certain 
circumstances relating to our dissolution, winding•up, liquidation or reorganization, the subordinated debt 
securities will be junior to all Additional Senior Obligations, as defined and to the extent set forth below under 
Subordinated Debt Securities — Subordination." 
We are a holding company and conduct substantially all of our operations through subsidiaries. As a result, 
claims of the holders of the debt securities will generally have a junior position to claims of creditors of our 
subsidiaries, except to the extent that JPMorgan Chase is recognized, and receives payment, as a creditor of those 
subsidiaries. Claims of our subsidiaries' creditors other than JPMorgan Chase include substantial amounts of 
long-term debt, deposit liabilities, federal funds purchased, securities sold or loaned under repurchase 
agreements, commercial paper and other borrowed funds. 
We may issue the debt securities in one or more separate series of senior debt securities and/or subordinated 
debt securities. We will specify in the prospectus supplement relating to the particular series of debt securities 
being offered the particular amounts, prices and terms of those debt securities. These terms may include: 
• the tide and type of the debt securities: 
• 
any limit on the aggregate principal amount or aggregate initial offering price of the debt securities; 
• the purchase price of the debt securities; 
• the dates on which the principal of the debt securities will be payable and the amount payable upon 
acceleration; 
the interest rates of the debt securities, including the interest rates, if any, applicable to overdue 
payments, or the method for determining those rates, and the interest payment dates for the debt 
securities; 
• the places where payments may be made on the debt securities; 
• 
any mandatory or optional redemption provisions applicable to the debt securities; 
• 
any sinking fund or similar provisions applicable to the debt securities; 
• the authorized denominations of the debt securities, if other than $1,000 and integral multiples of 
$1,000; 
Il 
EFTA01136617
--- PAGE 52 ---
• if denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars. the currency or currencies, including composite 
currencies, in which payments on the debt securities will be payable (which currencies may be different 
for principal, premium and interest payments); 
• 
any conversion or exchange provisions applicable to the debt securities; 
• 
any addition to, deletion from or change in the events of default applicable to the debt securities; 
• any addition to, deletion from or change in the covenants applicable to the debt securities; and 
• any other specific terms of the debt securities. 
We may issue some of the debt securities as original issue discount debt securities. Original issue discount 
debt securities will bear no interest or will bear interest at a below-market rate and will be sold at a discount 
below their stated principal amount. The prospectus supplement will contain any special tax, accounting or other 
information relating to original issue discount debt securities. If we offer other kinds of debt securities, including 
debt securities linked to an index or payable in currencies other than U.S. dollars, the prospectus supplement 
relating to those debt securities will also contain any special tax, accounting or other information relating to those 
debt securities. 
We will issue the debt securities only in registered form without coupons. The indentures permit us to issue 
debt securities of a series in certificated form or in permanent global form. You will not be required to pay a 
service charge for any transfer or exchange of debt securities, but we may require payment of any taxes or other 
governmental charges. 
We will pay principal of, and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on the debt securities at the corporate 
trust office of our paying agent, The Bank of New York Mellon, in New York City. You may also make transfers 
or exchanges of debt securities at that location. We also have the right to pay interest on any debt securities by 
check mailed to the registered holders of the debt securities at their registered addresses. In connection with any 
payment on a debt security, we may require the holder to certify information to JPMorgan Chase. In the absence 
of that certification, we may rely on any legal presumption to enable us to determine our responsibilities, if any, 
to deduct or withhold taxes, assessments or governmental charges from the payment. 
The indentures do not limit our ability to enter into a highly leveraged transaction or provide you with any 
special protection in the event of such a transaction. In addition, neither of the indentures provides special 
protection in the event of a sudden or dramatic decline in our credit quality resulting from a takeover, 
recapitalization or similar restructuring of JPMorgan Chase. 
We may issue debt securities upon the exercise of securities warrants or upon exchange or conversion of 
exchangeable or convertible debt securities. The prospectus supplement will describe the specific terms of any of 
those securities warrants or exchangeable or convertible securities. It will also describe the specific terms of the 
debt securities or other securities issuable upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of those securities. See 
"Description of Securities Warrants" below. 
Each of the indentures contains a provision that, if made applicable to any series of senior or subordinated 
debt securities, respectively, permits us to elect: 
• 
defeasance, which would discharge us from all of our obligations (subject to limited exceptions) with 
respect to any debt securities of that series then outstanding, and/or 
• covenant defcasance, which would release us from our obligations under specified covenants, 
including, with respect to any series of senior securities, the covenant described under "Senior Debt 
Securities—Limitation on Disposition of Stock of the Bank", and the consequences of the occurrence 
of an event of default resulting from a breach of those covenants. 
EFTA01136618
--- PAGE 53 ---
To make either of the above elections, we must deposit in trust with the respective trustee money and/or 
U.S. government obligations (as defined below) which, through the payment of principal and interest in 
accordance with their terms, will provide sufficient money, without reinvestment, to repay in full those senior or 
subordinated debt securities, as the case may be. As used in the indentures, "U.S. government obligations" are: 
(I) direct obligations of the United States or of an agency or instrumentality of the United States, in either case 
that are, or are guaranteed as. full faith and credit obligations of the United States and that are not redeemable by 
the issuer; and (2) certain depositary receipts with respect to an obligation referred to in clause (1). 
As a condition to defeasance or covenant defeasance, we must deliver to the trustee an opinion of counsel 
that the holders of the senior or subordinated debt securities, as the case may be. will not recognize income, gain, 
or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of the defeasance or covenant defeasance and will be subject to 
federal income tax on the same amount, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if 
defeasance or covenant defeasance had not occurred. That opinion, in the case of defeasance but not covenant 
defeasance, must refer to and be based upon a ruling received by us from the Internal Revenue Service or 
published as a revenue ruling or be based upon a change in applicable federal income tax law. 
If we exercise our covenant defeasance option with respect to a particular series of debt securities, then even 
if there were a default under the defeased covenant, payment of those debt securities could not be accelerated. 
We may exercise our defeasance option with respect to a particular series of debt securities even if we previously 
had exercised our covenant defeasance option. If we exercise our defeasance option, payment of those debt 
securities may not be accelerated because of any event of default. If we exercise our covenant defeasance option 
and an acceleration were to occur, the realizable value at the acceleration date of the money and U.S. government 
obligations in the defeasance trust could be less than the principal and interest then due on those debt securities. 
This is because the required deposit of money and/or U.S. government obligations in the defeasance trust is based 
upon scheduled cash flows rather than market value, which will vary depending upon interest rates and other 
factors. 
We and the trustees may modify either indenture with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority 
in principal amount of each series of outstanding debt securities affected by the modification. However, without 
the consent of each affected holder, no such modification may: 
change the stated maturity of any debt security; 
reduce the principal amount of, or premium, if any, on, any debt security; 
change the rate or method of computation of the interest on any debt security; 
• reduce the amount of the principal of an original issue discount debt security that would be due and 
payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof; 
• reduce the amount of, or postpone the date fixed for, the payment of any sinking fund or analogous 
obligation: 
• change the currency or currencies in which any debt security is payable; 
• 
impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on a debt security on or after the 
stated maturity thereof (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the redemption date); 
• 
reduce the percentage of holders of outstanding debt securities of any series required to consent to any 
modification, amendment or any waiver under the applicable indenture; or 
• change the provisions in the applicable indenture that relate to its modification or amendment. 
EFTA01136619
--- PAGE 54 ---
In addition, we and the trustees may amend either indenture without the consent of the holders of debt 
securities of any series for any of the following purposes: 
• to evidence the succession of another company to us; 
• to add to our covenants or to surrender any right or power conferred upon us: 
• to add any additional events of default; 
• to permit or facilitate the issuance of debt securities in bearer form, certificated form or global form; 
• to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of the applicable indenture in respect of all or any 
series of debt securities, provided that any such addition, change or elimination will neither (i) apply to 
any debt security issued prior to the execution of such amendment and entitled to the benefit of such 
provision nor (ii) modify the rights of the holders of any such debt securities with respect to such 
provision; 
• to conform the text of the applicable indenture or any debt securities to any provision of the 
"Description of Debt Securities" in this prospectus or a similarly captioned section in any applicable 
prospectus supplement relating to the offering of debt securities; 
• to provide security for or a guarantee of any series of debt securities; 
• to establish the form or terms of any series of debt securities; 
• to provide for successor trustees or the appointment of more than one trustee; or 
• to cure any ambiguity. to correct or supplement any provision of the applicable indenture which may be 
inconsistent with any other provision thereof, or to make any other provisions as we may deem 
necessary or desirable, provided such amendment does not adversely affect the interests of the holders 
of any series of debt securities in any material respect. 
We may, without the consent of the holders of any debt securities, consolidate or merge with any other 
person or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our assets to another person or permit another 
corporation to merge into IPMorgan Chase, provided that: 
(1) the surrecsor is a corporation organized under U.S. laws; 
(2) the surrecsor, if not us. assumes our obligations on the debt securities and under the indentures; 
(3) after giving effect to the transaction, no event of default, and no event which, after notice or lapse of 
time or both, would become an event of default, shall have occurred and be continuing; and 
(4) other specified conditions are met. 
Senior Debt Securities 
The senior debt securities will be direct, unsecured general obligations of JPMorgan Chase and will 
constitute Senior Indebtedness of JPMorgan Chase. For a definition of "Senior Indebtedness." see 
Subordinated Debt Securities — Subordination" below. 
Limitation on Disposition of Stock of the Bank. Unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement 
relating to a particular series of debt securities, the senior indenture contains a covenant by us that, so long as any of 
the senior debt securities are outstanding, neither we nor any Intermediate Subsidiary (as defined below) will sell, 
assign, grant a security interest in or otherwise dispose of any shares of voting stock of the Bank, or any securities 
convertible into, or options. warrants or rights to purchase shares of voting stock of the Bank, except to JPMorgan 
Chase or an Intermediate Subsidiary. In addition, the covenant provides that neither we nor any Intermediate 
Subsidiary will permit the Bank to issue any shares of its voting stock, or securities convertible into, or options. 
warrants or rights to purchase shares of its voting stock, nor will we permit any Intermediate Subsidiary that owns 
any shares of voting stock of the Bank, or securities convertible into, or options, warrants or rights to purchase 
shares of the Bank's voting stock, to cease to be an Intermediate Subsidiary. 
EFTA01136620
--- PAGE 55 ---
The above covenant is subject to our rights in connection with a consolidation or merger of JPMorgan Chase 
with another person or a conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of our assets to another person. 
The covenant also will not apply if both: 
(I) the disposition in question is made for fair market value, as determined by the board of directors of 
JPMorgan Chase or the Intermediate Subsidiary: and 
(2) after giving effect to the disposition, we and any one or more of our Intermediate Subsidiaries will 
collectively own at least 80% of the issued and outstanding voting stock of the Bank or any successor to the 
Bank. free and clear of any security interest. 
The above covenant also does not restrict the Bank from being consolidated with or merged into another 
domestic banking institution if, after the merger or consolidation, (A) JPMorgan Chase, or its successor, and any 
one or more Intermediate Subsidiaries own at least 80% of the voting stock of the resulting bank and (B) treating 
for purposes of the indenture the resulting bank as the Bank, no event of default, and no event which, after notice 
or lapse of time or both, would become an event of default, shall have happened and be continuing. 
The senior indenture defines an "Intermediate Subsidiary" as a subsidiary (1) that is organized under the 
laws of any domestic jurisdiction and (2) of which all the shares of capital stock, and all securities convertible 
into, and options, warrants and rights to purchase shares of capital stock, are owned directly by JPMorgan Chase, 
free and clear of any security interest. As used above, "voting stock" means a class of stock having general 
voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the board of directors, managers or 
trustees irrespective of the happening of a contingency. 
Defaults and Waivers. Unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement relating to a particular series 
of debt securities, the senior indenture defines an event of default with respect to any series of senior debt 
securities as any one of the following events: 
(I) default in the payment of interest on any senior debt securities of that series and continuance of that 
default for 30 days: 
(2) default in the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, on, any senior debt securities of that 
series at maturity; 
(3) default in the deposit of any sinking fund payment on that series of senior debt securities and 
continuance of that default for five days; 
(4) failure by us for 90 days after notice by the trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in principal 
amount of the outstanding senior debt securities of that series to perform any of the other covenants or 
warranties in the senior indenture applicable to that series; 
(5) specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of JPMorgan Chase or the Bank: and 
(6) any other event of default specified with respect to senior debt securities of that series. 
Each series of our senior debt securities created prior to November 1, 2007 (A) includes additional events of 
default applicable in the event that (i) we default in the payment of principal when due on JPMorgan Chase debt 
in excess of a specified amount or (ii) the maturity of more than a specified amount of our debt is accelerated and 
the acceleration is not rescinded and (B) provides a shorter grace period for a covenant breach than provided 
above. Certain series of debt securities that we assumed in connection with our merger with Bear Stearns include 
additional events of default as well. Accordingly, new series of senior debt securities offered by use of this 
prospectus will not have the benefit of the additional events of default and shorter covenant breach grace period 
applicable to some of our senior debt securities. 
If any event of default with respect to senior debt securities of any series occurs and is continuing, either the 
trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding senior debt securities of that 
IS 
EFTA01136621
--- PAGE 56 ---
series may declare the principal amount (or, if the senior debt securities of that series are original issue discount 
senior debt securities, a specified portion of the principal amount) of all senior debt securities of that series to be 
due and payable immediately. No such declaration is required upon certain specified events of bankruptcy, 
reorganization or insolvency. Subject to the conditions set forth in the indenture, the holders of a majority in 
principal amount of the outstanding senior debt securities of that series may annul the declaration and waive past 
defaults, except uncured payment defaults and other specified defaults. 
We will describe in the prospectus supplement any particular provisions relating to the acceleration of the 
maturity of a portion of the principal amount of original issue discount senior debt securities upon an event of 
default. 
The senior indenture requires the trustee, within 90 days after the occurrence of a default known to it with 
respect to any outstanding series of senior debt securities, to give the holders of that series notice of the default if 
uncured or not waived. The trustee may withhold the notice if it determines in good faith that the withholding of 
the notice is in the interest of those holders. However, the trustee may not withhold the notice in the case of a 
default in the payment of principal, interest or any sinking or purchase fund installment. The trustee may not give 
the above notice until at least 60 days after the occurrence of a default in the performance of a covenant in the 
senior indenture, other than a covenant to make payment. The term "default" for the purpose of this provision 
means any event that is. or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an event of default with respect to 
senior debt securities of that series. 
Other than the duty to act with the required standard of care during a default, the trustee is not obligated to 
exercise any of its rights or powers under the senior indenture at the request or direction of any of the holders of 
senior debt securities, unless the holders have offered to the trustee reasonable security or indemnity. The senior 
indenture provides that the holders of a majority in principal amount of outstanding senior debt securities of any 
series may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the 
trustee for that series, or exercising any trust or other power conferred on the trustee. However, the trustee may 
decline to act if the direction is contrary to law or the senior indenture and the trustee may take any other action 
deemed proper by the trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction. 
The senior indenture includes a covenant requiring us to file annually with the trustee a certificate of no 
default, or specifying any default that exists. 
Subordinated Debt Securities 
The subordinated debt securities will be direct, unsecured general obligations of JPMorgan Chase. The 
subordinated debt securities will be subordinate and junior in right of payment to all Senior Indebtedness and, in 
certain circumstances described below relating to our dissolution, winding-up, liquidation or reorganization, to 
all Additional Senior Obligations. The subordinated indenture does not limit the amount of debt. including Senior 
Indebtedness or Additional Senior Obligations, that we may incur. 
Unless otherwise provided in the prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of subordinated debt 
securities, holders of the subordinated debt securities may not accelerate the maturity of the subordinated debt 
securities, except in the event of our bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency, and may not accelerate the 
subordinated debt securities if we fail to pay principal or interest or fail to perform any other agreement in the 
subordinated debt securities or the subordinated indenture. See "— Defaults and Waivers" below. 
Subordination. The subordinated debt securities will be subordinate and junior in right of payment to all 
Senior Indebtedness and, under certain circumstances described below, to all Additional Senior Obligations. 
The subordinated indenture defines "Senior Indebtedness" to mean the principal of. and premium. if any, 
and interest on all of our indebtedness for money borrowed, whether outstanding on the date the subordinated 
EFTA01136622
--- PAGE 57 ---
indenture became effective or created, assumed or incurred after that date, including all indebtedness for money 
borrowed by another person that we guarantee. However, Senior Indebtedness does not include indebtedness that 
is stated not to be senior to or to have the same rank as the subordinated debt securities or other securities having 
the same rank as or that are subordinated to the subordinated debt securities. In particular, Senior Indebtedness 
does not include (A) outstanding subordinated indebtedness that we assumed in connection with our merger with 
Bear Stearns or with other entities. (B) the subordinated indebtedness issued under the amended and restated 
indenture, dated as of December 15, 1992. as amended, between us and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as 
trustee, and (C) other debt of JPMorgan Chase that is expressly stated to have the same rank as or not to rank 
senior to the subordinated debt securities or other securities having the same rank as or that are subordinated to 
the subordinated debt securities. 
The subordinated indenture defines "Additional Senior Obligations" to mean all indebtedness of JPMorgan 
Chase, whether outstanding on the date the subordinated indenture became effective or created, assumed or 
incurred after that date, for claims in respect of derivative products, such as interest and foreign exchange rate 
contracts, commodity contracts and similar arrangements, except claims in respect of Senior Indebtedness and 
except claims in respect of obligations that arc expressly stated to have the same rank as or not to rank senior to 
the subordinated debt securities. For purposes of this definition, "claim" shall have the meaning assigned in 
Section 101(4) of the United States Bankruptcy Code and in effect on the date of execution of the subordinated 
indenture. 
Under the subordinated indenture, we may not make any payment on the subordinated debt securities in the 
event: 
• 
we have failed to make full payment of all amounts of principal, and premium. if any, and interest, if 
any, due on all Senior Indebtedness; or 
there shall exist any event of default on any Senior Indebtedness permitting the holders thereof to 
accelerate the maturity thereof or any event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become 
such an event of default. 
In addition, upon our dissolution, winding•up, liquidation or reorganization (whether in bankruptcy, 
insolvency or receivership proceedings or otherwise): 
• 
we must pay to the holders of Senior Indebtedness the full amounts of principal of, and premium, if 
any, and interest, if any, on the Senior Indebtedness before any payment or distribution is made on the 
subordinated debt securities, and 
• if, after we have made those payments on the Senior Indebtedness, there are amounts available for 
payment on the subordinated debt securities and creditors in respect of Additional Senior Obligations 
have not received their full payments, then we will first use such amounts to pay in full all Additional 
Senior Obligations before we may make any payment on the subordinated debt securities. 
No series of our subordinated debt securities (other than our junior subordinated indebtedness and our 
Capital Efficient Notes issued in connection with the issuance of securities by ow capital trust subsidiaries) is 
subordinated to any other series of subordinated debt securities or to any other subordinated indebtedness of 
JPMorgan Chase referred to above. However, due to the subordination provisions of the various series of 
subordinated indebtedness issued by us and our predecessor institutions, in the event of our dissolution, winding-
up, liquidation, reorganization or insolvency, holders of the subordinated debt securities that may be offered by 
use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement may recover less, ratably, than holders of some of 
our other series of outstanding subordinated indebtedness and more, ratably, than holders of other series of our 
outstanding subordinated indebtedness. In addition, holders of the subordinated debt securities may be fully 
subordinated to interests held by the U.S. government in the event that we enter into a receivership, insolvency, 
liquidation or similar proceeding. 
No Limitation on Disposition of Voting Stock of the Bank The subordinated indenture does not contain a 
covenant prohibiting us from selling or otherwise disposing of any shares of voting stock of the Bank, or 
EFTA01136623
--- PAGE 58 ---
securities convertible into, or options, warrants or rights to purchase shares of voting stock of the Bank. The 
subordinated indenture also does not prohibit the Bank from issuing any shares of its voting stock or securities 
convertible into, or options, warrants or rights to purchase shares of its voting stock. 
Defaults and Waivers. Unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement relating to a particular series 
of debt securities, the subordinated indenture defines an event of default with respect to any series of 
subordinated debt securities as follows: 
• 
specified events of bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency of JPMorgan Chase; 
• 
any other event specified with respect to subordinated debt securities of that series. 
If any event of default with respect to subordinated debt securities of any series occurs and is continuing. 
either the trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding subordinated debt 
securities of that series may declare the principal amount (or, if the subordinated debt securities of that series are 
original issue discount subordinated debt securities, a specified portion of the principal amount) of all 
subordinated debt securities of that series to be due and payable immediately. No such declaration is required 
upon certain specified events of bankruptcy. reorganization or insolvency. Subject to the conditions set forth in 
the subordinated indenture, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding subordinated debt 
securities of that series may annul the declaration and waive past defaults, except uncured payment defaults. 
We will describe in the prospectus supplement any particular provisions relating to the acceleration of the 
maturity of a portion of the principal amount of original issue discount subordinated debt securities upon an 
event of default. In the event of the bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganization or insolvency of JPMorgan Chase. 
any right to enforce that payment in cash would be subject to the broad equity powers of a federal bankruptcy 
court and to its determination of the nature and status of the payment claims of the holders of the subordinated 
debt securities. 
Unless otherwise provided in the prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of subordinated debt 
securities, there will be no right of acceleration of the payment of principal of the subordinated debt securities of 
that series upon a default in the payment of principal or interest or a default in the performance of any covenant 
or agreement in the subordinated debt securities or the subordinated indenture. In the event of a default in the 
payment of principal or interest or a default in the performance of any covenant or agreement in the subordinated 
debt securities or the subordinated indenture, the trustee may, subject to specified limitations and conditions, seek 
to enforce that payment or the performance of that covenant or agreement. 
The subordinated indenture requires the trustee, within 90 days after the occurrence of a default known to it 
with respect to any outstanding series of subordinated debt securities, to give the holders of that series notice of 
the default if uncured or not waived. The trustee may withhold the notice if it determines in good faith that the 
withholding of the notice is in the interest of those holders. However, the trustee may not withhold the notice in 
the case of a payment default. The term "default" for the purpose of this provision means any event that is, or 
after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an event of default with respect to subordinated debt 
securities of that series. 
Other than the duty to act with the required standard of care during a default, the trustee is not obligated to 
exercise any of its rights or powers under the subordinated indenture at the request or direction of any of the 
holders of subordinated debt securities, unless the holders have offered to the trustee reasonable security or 
indemnity. The subordinated indenture provides that the holders of a majority in principal amount of outstanding 
subordinated debt securities of any series may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for 
any remedy available to the trustee for that series, or exercising any trust or other power conferred on the trustee. 
However, the trustee may decline to act if the direction is contrary to law or the subordinated indenture and the 
trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction. 
IS 
EFTA01136624
--- PAGE 59 ---
The subordinated indenture includes a covenant requiring us to file annually with the trustee a certificate of 
no default, or specifying any default that exists. 
Information Concerning The Trustees 
We and our subsidiaries may maintain deposits or conduct other banking transactions with the trustees 
under the senior indenture and the subordinated indenture in the ordinary course of business. Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas is a trustee under certain of our existing indentures pursuant to which we have issued 
and outstanding series of senior debt securities. U.S. Bank Trust National Association is a trustee under certain of 
our existing indentures pursuant to which we have issued and outstanding series of subordinated debt securities. 
EFTA01136625
--- PAGE 60 ---
DESCRIPTION OF PREFERRED STOCK 
General 
Under our certificate of incorporation, our board of directors is authorized, without further stockholder 
action, to issue up to 200,000.000 shares of preferred stock, $1 par value per share, in one or more series, and to 
determine the voting powers and the designations, preferences and relative. participating. optional or other 
special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions of each series. We may amend our certificate of 
incorporation to increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of preferred stock in a manner permitted by 
our certificate of incorporation and the Delaware General Corporation Law. As of the date of this prospectus. we 
have the following issued and outstanding series of preferred stock, the terms of each of which we summarize 
below: 
• 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series I; 
• 
5.50% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series O; 
• 
5.45% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series P; 
• 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Q; and 
• 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series R. 
We will describe the particular terms of any series of preferred stock being offered in the prospectus 
supplement relating to that series of preferred stock. Those terms may include: 
• 
the number of shares being offered; 
• 
the title and liquidation preference per share; 
• 
the purchase price; 
• 
the dividend rate or method for determining that rate: 
• 
the dates on which dividends will be paid; 
• 
whether dividends will be cumulative or noncumulative and, if cumulative, the dates from which 
dividends will begin to accumulate; 
• 
any applicable redemption or sinking fund provisions; 
• 
any applicable conversion provisions; 
• 
whether we have elected to offer depositary shares representing that series of preferred stock; and 
• 
any additional dividend, liquidation, redemption, sinking fund and other rights and restrictions 
applicable to that series of preferred stock. 
If the terms of any series of preferred stock being offered differ from the terms set forth below, we will also 
disclose those different terms in the prospectus supplement relating to that series of preferred stock. The 
following summary is not complete. You should also refer to our certificate of incorporation and to the certificate 
of designations relating to the series of the preferred stock being offered for the complete terms of that series of 
preferred stock. A form of certificate of designations is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. We will 
file the certificate of designations with respect to the particular series of preferred stock being offered with the 
SEC promptly after the offering of that series of preferred stock. 
The preferred stock will, when issued against full payment of the purchase price relating to a series of 
preferred stock, be fully paid and nonassessable. Unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement. in the 
event we liquidate, dissolve or wind-up our business, each series of preferred stock being offered will have the 
same rank as to dividends and distributions as our currently outstanding preferred stock and each other series of 
preferred stock we may offer in the future by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement. 
The preferred stock will have no preemptive rights. 
EFTA01136626
--- PAGE 61 ---
Dividend Rights 
Holders of the preferred stock offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement 
will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of 
our board, cash dividends at the rates and on the dates set forth in the prospectus supplement. Dividend rates may 
be fixed or variable or both. Different series of preferred stock may be entitled to dividends at different dividend 
rates or based upon different methods of determination. We will pay each dividend to the holders of record as 
they appear on our stock register (or, if applicable, the records of the depositary referred to under "Description of 
Depositary Shares") on record dates determined by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our 
board. Dividends on any series of preferred stock may be cumulative or noncumulative, as specified in the 
prospectus supplement. If a dividend is not declared on any series of preferred stock for which dividends are 
noncumulative, then your right to receive that dividend will be lost, and we will have no obligation to pay the 
dividend for that dividend period, whether or not dividends are declared for any future dividend period. 
Unless othenvise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, each series of preferred stock that we 
offer by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement will provide that we may not declare or 
pay or set aside for payment full dividends on any series of preferred stock ranking, as to dividends, equally with 
or junior to the series of preferred stock we are offering unless we have previously declared and paid or set aside 
for payment, or we contemporaneously declare and pay or set aside for payment, full dividends (including 
cumulative dividends still owing, if any) on the series of preferred stock we are offering for, in the case of a 
series of noncumulative preferred stock, the most recently completed dividend period, or, in the case of a series 
of cumulative preferred stock, all past dividend periods. If we fail to pay dividends in full as stated above, we 
may only declare dividends on equally ranking series of preferred stock pro rata so that the amount of dividends 
declared per share on the series of preferred stock we are offering and the equally ranking series bear to each 
other the same ratio that accumulated and unpaid dividends per share on the series being offered and the other 
series bear to each other. We will not pay interest or any sum of money instead of interest in respect of any 
dividend that is not declared, or if declared is not paid, on any series of preferred stock we are offering. 
Unless othenvise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, the preferred stock we offer by use of 
this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement will also provide that, unless we have paid or declared 
and set aside a sum sufficient for the payment thereof, in the case of a series of noncumulative preferred stock, 
full dividends on all outstanding shares of that preferred stock in respect of the most recently completed dividend 
period, or, in the case of a series of cumulative preferred stock, full dividends, including cumulative dividends, if 
any, owing on that preferred stock for all past dividend periods: 
• 
no dividend (other than a dividend in common stock or in any junior or equally ranking stock as to 
dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up) will be declared or paid or a sum sufficient 
for the payment thereof set aside for such payment or other distribution declared or made upon our 
common stock or upon any junior or equally ranking stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up, and 
• 
no common stock or other any junior or equally ranking stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up will be redeemed, purchased or othenvise acquired for any consideration (or 
any moneys be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any shares of any 
such capital stock) by us, except 
(1) 
by conversion into or exchange for capital stock ranking junior to the preferred stock being offered; 
(2) 
as a result of reclassification into capital stock ranking junior to the preferred stock being offered; 
(3) 
through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of shares of capital 
stock ranking junior to the preferred stock being offered or. in the case of capital stock ranking 
on a parity with the preferred stock being offered, through the use of the proceeds of a 
substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of capital stock ranking on a parity with the 
preferred stock being offered; 
EFTA01136627
--- PAGE 62 ---
(4) 
in the case of capital stock ranking on a parity with the preferred stock being offered, pursuant 
to pro rata offers to purchase all or a pro rata portion of the shares of preferred stock being 
offered and such capital stock ranking on a parity with the preferred stock being offered: 
(5) 
in connection with the satisfaction of our obligations pursuant to any contract entered into in 
the ordinary course prior to the beginning of the most recently completed dividend period: or 
any purchase, redemption or other acquisition of capital stock ranking junior to the preferred 
stock being offered pursuant to any of ow or our subsidiaries' employee, consultant or director 
incentive or benefit plans or arrangements (including any employment, severance or consulting 
arrangements) adopted before or after the issuance of the preferred stock being offered). 
(6) 
However, the foregoing will not restrict the ability of us or any of our affiliates to engage in underwriting, 
stabilization, market-making or similar transactions in our capital stock in the ordinary course of business. 
Subject to the conditions described above, and not otherwise, dividends (payable in cash, capital stock, or 
otherwise), as may be determined by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, may be 
declared and paid on our common stock and any other capital stock ranking junior to or on a parity with the 
preferred stock being offered from time to time out of any assets legally available for such payment, and the 
holders of the preferred stock being offered will not be entitled to participate in those dividends. 
As used in this prospectus, "junior to the preferred stock being offered" and like terms refer to our common 
stock and any other class or series of our capital stock over which the preferred stock being offered has 
preference or priority, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or both, as the 
context may require; "parity preferred stock" and "on a parity with the preferred stock being offered" and like 
terms refer to any class or series of our capital stock that ranks on a parity with the shares of the preferred stock 
being offered, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or both, as the context may 
require; and "senior to the preferred stock being offered" and like terms refer to any class or series of our capital 
stock that ranks senior to the preferred stock being offered, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution 
or winding-up, or both, as the context may require. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will compute the amount of 
dividends payable by annualizing the applicable dividend rate and dividing by the number of dividend periods in 
a year, except that the amount of dividends payable for any period greater or less than a full dividend period. 
other than the initial dividend period, will be computed on the basis of a 360•day year consisting of twelve 
30•day months and, for any period less than a full month, the actual number of days elapsed in the period. Dollar 
amounts resulting from that calculation will be rounded to the nearest cent, with one-half cent being rounded 
upward. 
Rights Upon Liquidation 
In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of each series of 
preferred stock that we offer by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement will be entitled to 
receive and to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders the amount set forth 
in the prospectus supplement plus, in the case of a series of noncumulative preferred stock, an amount equal to 
any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends, if any, from the day following 
the immediately preceding dividend payment date, to, but not including, the date of the liquidating distribution, 
but without accumulation of any unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods, or, in the case of a series of 
cumulative preferred stock, an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends, whether or not declared. 
before we make any payment or distribution on our common stock or on any other capital stock ranking junior to 
the preferred stock offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement, and any stock 
having the same rank as that series of preferred stock upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. After the 
payment to such holders of the full preferential amounts to which they are entitled, such holders will have no 
right or claim to any of our remaining assets. 
EFTA01136628
--- PAGE 63 ---
If, upon ow voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding•up, we fail to pay in full the 
amounts payable with respect to preferred stock offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus 
supplement, and any stock having the same rank as that series of preferred stock, the holders of the preferred 
stock and of that other stock will share ratably in any such distribution of our assets in proportion to the full 
respective distributions to which they are entitled. For any series of preferred stock offered by use of this 
prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement, neither the sale of all or substantially all of our property or 
business, nor our merger or consolidation into or with any other entity will be considered a liquidation. 
dissolution or winding•up. 
Redemption 
The applicable prospectus supplement will indicate whether the series of preferred stock offered by use of 
this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement is subject to redemption, in whole or in part, whether at 
our option or mandatorily and whether or not pursuant to a sinking fund. The redemption provisions that may 
apply to a series of preferred stock offered, including the redemption dates, the redemption prices for that series 
and whether those redemption prices will be paid in cash, stock or a combination of cash and stock, will be set 
forth in the prospectus supplement. If the redemption price is to be paid only from the proceeds of the sale of our 
capital stock, the terms of the series of preferred stock may also provide that, if our capital stock is not sold or if 
the amount of cash received is insufficient to pay in full the redemption price then due, the series of preferred 
stock will automatically be converted into shares of the applicable capital stock pursuant to conversion 
provisions specified in the prospectus supplement. 
If we are redeeming fewer than all the outstanding shares of preferred stock of any series, whether by 
mandatory or optional redemption, our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board will 
determine the method for selecting the shares to be redeemed, which may be by lot or pro rata or in such other 
manner as the board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board determines to be equitable. From 
and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accumulate on the shares of preferred stock called for 
redemption up to the redemption date and all rights of the holders of those shares, except the right to receive the 
redemption price. will cease. 
In the event that we fail to pay full dividends, including accumulated but unpaid dividends, if any, on any 
series of preferred stock offered, we may not redeem that series in part and we may not purchase or acquire any 
shares of that series of preferred stock, except by a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to all 
holders of that series of preferred stock. 
Conversion Rights 
The prospectus supplement will state the terms, if any, on which shares of the series of preferred stock 
offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement are convertible into shares of our 
common stock or other securities. As described under "— Redemption" above, under certain circumstances, 
preferred stock may be mandatorily convertible into our common stock or another series of our preferred stock. 
Voting Rights 
Except as indicated below or in the applicable prospectus supplement. or except as expressly required by 
applicable law, the holders of the preferred stock offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus 
supplement will not be entitled to vote. Unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus supplement, each share of 
preferred stock of each series will be entitled to one vote on matters on which holders of that series of preferred 
stock are entitled to vote. However, as more fully described under "Description of Depositary Shares," if we use 
this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement to offer depositary shares representing a fractional 
interest in a share of a series of preferred stock, each depositary share, in effect, will be entitled to that fraction of 
a vote, rather than a full vote. If (unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus supplement) each full share of any 
series of preferred stock offered is entitled to one vote, the voting power of that series will depend 
EFTA01136629
--- PAGE 64 ---
on the number of shares in that series, and not on the aggregate liquidation preference or initial offering price of 
the shares of that series of preferred stock. 
Unless otherwise specified in a prospectus supplement, if, at any time or times, the equivalent of an 
aggregate of six quarterly dividends, whether or not consecutive, for any series of preferred stock being offered 
has not been paid, the number of directors constituting our board of directors will be automatically increased by 
two and the holders of each outstanding series of preferred stock with such voting rights. together with holders of 
such other shares of any other class or series of parity preferred stock outstanding at the time upon which like 
voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable. which we refer to as "voting parity stock," voting together 
as a class, will be entitled to elect those additional two directors, which we refer to as "preferred directors." at 
that annual meeting and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders until full dividends have been paid 
for at least four quarterly consecutive dividend periods. At that time such right will terminate, except as expressly 
provided in the applicable certificate of designations or by law, subject to revesting. Upon any termination of the 
right of the holders of shares of preferred stock being offered and voting parity stock as a class to vote for 
directors as provided above, the preferred directors will cease to be qualified as directors, the term of office of all 
preferred directors then in office will terminate immediately and the authorized number of directors will be 
reduced by the number of preferred directors elected. Any preferred director may be removed at any time, with 
cause as provided by law or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of preferred stock 
voting together as a class with the holders of shares of voting parity stock, to the extent the voting rights of such 
holders described above are then exercisable. Any vacancy created by removal with or without cause may be 
filled only as described in the preceding sentence. If the office of any preferred director becomes vacant for any 
reason other than removal, the remaining preferred director may choose a successor who will hold office for the 
unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy occurred. 
So long as any shares of the preferred stock being offered remain outstanding, we will not, without the 
affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2J3% in voting power of the preferred stock being offered and any 
voting parity stock, voting together as a class, authorize, create or issue any capital stock ranking senior to the 
preferred stock being offered as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or reclassify any 
authorized capital stock into any such shares of such capital stock or issue any obligation or security convertible 
into or evidencing the right to purchase any such shares of capital stock. So long as any shares of the preferred 
stock being offered remain outstanding. we will not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 
2/3% in voting power of the preferred stock being offered, amend, alter or repeal any provision of the applicable 
certificate of designations or our certificate of incorporation, including by merger. consolidation or otherwise. so 
as to adversely affect the powers. preferences or special rights of the preferred stock being offered. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the following will be deemed to adversely affect the powers. 
preferences or special rights of the preferred stock being offered: 
• 
any increase in the amount of authorized common stock or authorized preferred stock, or any increase 
or decrease in the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, or the authorization, creation and 
issuance of other classes or series of capital stock, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior to the 
preferred stock being offered as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up; 
• 
a merger or consolidation of us with or into another entity in which the shares of the preferred stock 
being offered remain outstanding; and 
• 
a merger or consolidation of us with or into another entity in which the shares of the preferred stock 
being offered are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving entity or any 
entity, directly or indirectly, controlling such surviving entity and such new preference securities have 
powers, preferences and special rights that are not materially less favorable than the preferred stock 
being offered; 
provided that if the amendment would adversely affect such series but not any other series of outstanding 
preferred stock, then the amendment will only need to be approved by holders of at least two-thirds of the shares 
of the series of preferred stock adversely affected. 
EFTA01136630
--- PAGE 65 ---
Under regulations adopted by the Federal Reserve Board, if the holders of any series of our preferred stock 
become entitled to vote for the election of directors because dividends on that series are in arrears, that series 
may then be deemed a "class of voting securities." In such a case, a holder of 25% or more of the series, or a 
holder of 5% or more if that holder would also be considered to exercise a "controlling influence" over 
JPMorgan Chase, may then be subject to regulation as a bank holding company in accordance with the Bank 
Holding Company Act. In addition, (0 any other bank holding company may be required to obtain the prior 
approval of the Federal Reserve Board to acquire or retain 5% or more of that series, and (2) any person other 
than a bank holding company may be required to provide notice to the Federal Reserve Board prior to acquiring 
or retaining 10% or more of that series. 
Outstanding Series of Preferred Stock 
Ranking. Each of ow Series I Preferred Stock, Series O Preferred Stock, Series P Preferred Stock, Series Q 
Preferred Stock and Series R Preferred Stock (each as defined below, and collectively, the "Outstanding 
Preferred Stock") ranks senior to our common stock as well as any of ow other stock that states it is expressly 
made junior to such series of Outstanding Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends and distribution of assets 
upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding up. 
Dividends. We may not declare or pay or set apart for payment full dividends on any series of preferred 
stock ranking, as to dividends, equally with or junior to the Outstanding Preferred Stock unless we have 
previously declared and paid or set apart for payment full dividends on the Outstanding Preferred Stock for the 
most recently completed dividend period. When dividends are not paid in full on the Outstanding Preferred Stock 
and any series of preferred stock ranking equally as to dividends, all dividends upon the Outstanding Preferred 
Stock and such equally ranking series will be declared and paid pro rata. 
With certain exceptions, unless we have paid or declared and set aside for payment full dividends on the 
Outstanding Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period, we will not: 
• declare or make any dividend payment or distribution on any junior ranking stock, other than a 
dividend paid in junior ranking stock, or 
• 
redeem, purchase, othenvise acquire or set apart money for a sinking fund for the redemption of any 
junior or equally ranking stock, except by conversion into or exchange for junior ranking stock. 
Rights Upon Liquidation. In the event we liquidate, dissolve or wind-up our business and affairs, either 
voluntarily or involuntarily, holders of the Outstanding Preferred Stock of each series will he entitled to receive 
liquidating distributions equal to the liquidation preference per share for such series, plus any declared and 
unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends, before we make any distribution of assets to the 
holders of our common stock or any other class or series of shares ranking junior to the Outstanding Preferred 
Stock of such series. 
Redemption. We may redeem each series of Outstanding Preferred Stock on the dates and at the redemption 
prices set forth below. In addition, we may redeem the Series O Preferred Stock, Series P Preferred Stock. 
Series Q Preferred Stock and Series R Preferred Stock in whole, but not in part, at a redemption price equal to the 
liquidation preference per share for each such series of Outstanding Preferred Stock, plus any declared and 
unpaid dividends, following the occurrence of a capital treatment event For these purposes, "capital treatment 
event" means the good faith determination by JPMorgan Chase that, as a result of any: 
• 
amendment to, or change or any announced prospective change in. the laws or regulations of the 
United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective 
after the initial issuance of any shares of such series of Outstanding Preferred Stock: 
• 
proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial 
issuance of any shares of such series of Outstanding Preferred Stock; or 
EFTA01136631
--- PAGE 66 ---
official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official 
pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes 
effective after the initial issuance of any shares of such series of Outstanding Preferred Stock, 
there is more than an insubstantial risk that JPMorgan Chase will not be entitled to treat an amount equal to the 
full liquidation amount of all shares of such series of Outstanding Preferred Stock then outstanding as "Tier 
capital" (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of the appropriate 
federal banking agency, as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of such series of Outstanding 
Preferred Stock is outstanding. 
Voting Rights. The Outstanding Preferred Stock has limited voting rights. Each share of Outstanding 
Preferred Stock has one vote whenever it is entitled to voting rights. 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series I 
On April 23, 2008, we issued 600,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, 
Series I, $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the "Series I Preferred Stock"). Shares 
of the Series I Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth interest in a 
share of preferred stock of the series. 
Dividends. Dividends on the Series I Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of 
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, April 30, 2018 
at a rate of 7.90% per annum, payable semi-annually, in arrears, on April 30 and October 30 of each year, 
beginning on October 30, 2008. From and including April 30, 2018, dividends will be paid when, as. and if 
declared by ow board of directors or such committee thereof at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus 
a spread of 3.47% per annum, payable quarterly, in arrears, on January 30, April 30, July 30 and October 30 of 
each year. Dividends on the Series I Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
Redemption. The Series I Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after 
April 30, 2018, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per 
depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. 
1.50% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series 0 
On August 27, 2012, we issued 125.750 shares of 5.50% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series O, $1 par 
value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the "Series O Preferred Stock"). Shares of the Series O 
Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1/400th interest in a share of preferred 
stock of the series. 
Dividends. Dividends on the Series O Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of 
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 5.50% per annum, payable quarterly, in arrears, 
on March I, June 1, September 1 and December I of each year, beginning on December 1, 2012. Dividends on 
the Series O Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
Redemption. The Series O Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after 
September 1, 2017, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per 
depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series O Preferred Stock 
following the occurrence of a "capital treatment event", as described above. 
5.45% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series P 
On February 5, 2013, we issued 90.000 shares of 5.45% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series P. $1 par 
value, with a liquidation preference of $10.000 per share (the "Series P Preferred Stock"). Shares of the Series P 
Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1/400th interest in a share of preferred 
stock of the series. 
EFTA01136632
--- PAGE 67 ---
Dividends. Dividends on the Series P Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of 
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 5.45% per annum, payable quarterly, in arrears. 
on March I, June 1, September 1 and December I of each year, beginning on June I, 2013. Dividends on the 
Series P Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
Redemption. The Series P Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after 
March I, 2018, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 510.000 per share (equivalent to $25 per 
depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series P Preferred Stock 
following the occurrence of a "capital treatment event", as described above. 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Q 
On April 23, 2013, we issued 150.000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, 
Series Q, $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the "Series Q Preferred Stock"). 
Shares of the Series Q Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth 
interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 
Dividends. Dividends on the Series Q Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of 
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, May 1. 2023 
at a rate of 5.15% per annum, payable semi-annually, in arrears, on May 1 and November I of each year, 
beginning on November 1, 2013. From and including May I, 2023, dividends will be paid when, as, and if 
declared by ow board or such committee at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.25% 
per annum, payable quarterly, in arrears, on February I. May I. August 1 and November 1 of each year, 
beginning on August I. 2023. Dividends on the Series Q Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
Redemption. The Series Q Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after 
May I, 2023, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1.000 per 
depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series Q Preferred Stock 
following the occurrence of a "capital treatment event", as described above. 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series R 
On July 29, 2013, we issued 150,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, 
Series R. $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of $10.000 per share (the "Series R Preferred Stock"). 
Shares of the Series R Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth 
interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 
Dividends. Dividends on the Series R Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by ow board of 
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, August 
2023 at a rate of 6.00% per annum, payable semi-annually, in arrears, on February 1 and August 1 of each year, 
beginning on February 1, 2014. From and including August I, 2023, dividends will be paid when, as. and if 
declared by our board or such committee at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.30% 
per annum, payable quarterly, in arrears, on February I, May L August I and November I of each year. 
beginning on November 1, 2023. Dividends on the Series R Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor 
cumulative. 
Redemption. The Series R Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after 
August I, 2023, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per 
depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series R Preferred Stock 
following the occurrence of a "capital treatment event", as described above. 
EFTA01136633
--- PAGE 68 ---
DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES 
General. We may, at our option, elect to offer depositary shares representing fractional interests in shares of 
preferred stock. If we do, we will arrange the issuance by a depositary of receipts for depositary shares, and each 
of those depositary shares will represent a fractional interest in a share of a particular series of preferred stock. 
We will specify that fractional interest in the applicable prospectus supplement. 
The shares of any series of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares offered by use of this prospectus 
and an applicable prospectus supplement will be deposited under a deposit agreement between us and a 
depositary selected by us. Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement. each owner of a depositary share will be 
entitled, in proportion to the applicable fractional interest in the share of preferred stock underlying that 
depositary share, to all the powers, preferences and rights of the preferred stock underlying that depositary share. 
in proportion to the applicable fractional interest in a share of the preferred stock which those depositary shares 
represent. Those rights include dividend, voting, redemption. conversion and liquidation rights. 
The depositary shares offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement will be 
evidenced by depositary receipts issued under the deposit agreement. The depositary will issue depositary 
receipts to those persons who purchase the fractional interests in the preferred stock underlying the depositary 
shares, in accordance with the terms of the offering. The following summary of the deposit agreement. the 
depositary shares and the depositary receipts is not complete. You should refer to the forms of the deposit 
agreement and depositary receipts that are filed as exhibits to the registration statement. 
Dividends and Other Distributions. The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash 
distributions received in respect of the preferred stock to the record holders of related depositary receipts in 
proportion to the number of depositary shares owned by those holders. 
If we make a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to the 
record holders of depositary receipts that are entitled to receive the distribution as nearly as practicable in 
proportion to the number of depositary shares held by each holder, unless the depositary determines that it is not 
feasible to make the distribution. If this occurs, the depositary may, with our approval, adopt a method of 
distribution that it deems practicable, including the sale of the property and distribution of the net proceeds from 
the sale to the applicable holders of the depositary receipts. 
Redemption of Depositary Shares. Upon redemption, in whole or in part. of shares of any series of preferred 
stock that are held by the depositary. the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of 
depositary shares representing the shares of preferred stock so redeemed. The redemption price per depositary 
share will be equal to the applicable fraction of the redemption price per share payable with respect to that series 
of the preferred stock. 
Depositary, shares called for redemption will no longer be outstanding after the applicable redemption date, 
and all rights of the holders of those depositary shares will cease, except the right to receive any money, 
securities, or other property upon surrender to the depositary of the depositary receipts evidencing those 
depositary shares. 
Voting the Preferred Stock. Upon receipt of notice of any meeting at which the holders of preferred stock 
are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in the notice of meeting to the record 
holders of the depositary shares representing that preferred stock. Each record holder of those depositary shares 
on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the preferred stock, will be entitled to 
instruct the depositary as to the exercise of the voting rights pertaining to the amount of the preferred stock 
underlying that holder's depositary shares. The depositary will try, to the extent practicable, to vote the number 
of shares of preferred stock underlying those depositary shares in accordance with those instructions, and we will 
agree to take all action that the depositary deems necessary in order to enable the depositary to do so. The 
depositary will not vote the shares of preferred stock to the extent it does not receive specific instructions from 
the holders of depositary shares representing the preferred stock. 
EFTA01136634
--- PAGE 69 ---
Amendment and Termination of the Deposit Agreement We and the depositary may amend the form of 
depositary receipt evidencing the depositary shares and any provision of the deposit agreement at any time 
regarding any depositary shares offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement. 
However, any amendment that materially and adversely alters the rights of the holders of depositary shares or 
would be materially and adversely inconsistent with the rights granted to holders of the underlying preferred 
stock pursuant to our certificate of incorporation will not be effective unless the amendment has been approved 
by the holders of at least a majority of the depositary shares then outstanding. The deposit agreement may be 
terminated by us or by the depositary only if: 
all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed; or 
there has been a final distribution of the underlying preferred stock in connection with our liquidation. 
dissolution or winding up and the preferred stock has been distributed to the holders of depositary 
receipts. 
Charges of Depositary. We will pay all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely 
from the existence of the depositary arrangements regarding any depositary shares offered by use of this 
prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement. We will also pay charges of the depositary in connection 
with the initial deposit of the preferred stock and any redemption of the preferred stock. Holders of depositary 
receipts will pay transfer and other taxes and governmental charges and other charges with respect to their 
depositary receipts as expressly provided in the deposit agreement. 
Resignation and Removal of Depositary. The depositary for the depositary shares offered by use of this 
prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement may resign at any time by delivering a notice to us of its 
election to do so. We may remove the depositary at any time. Any such resignation or removal will take effect 
upon the appointment of a successor depositary and its acceptance of its appointment. We must appoint a 
successor depositary within 60 days after delivery of the notice of resignation or removal. 
Miscellaneous. The depositary will forward to holders of depositary receipts all reports and communications 
from us that we deliver to the depositary and that we are required to furnish to the holders of the preferred stock. 
Neither we nor the depositary will be liable if either of us is prevented or delayed by law or any 
circumstance beyond our control in performing our respective obligations under the deposit agreement. Our 
obligations and those of the depositary will be limited to performing in good faith our respective duties under the 
deposit agreement. Neither we nor the depositary will be obligated to prosecute or defend any legal proceeding 
relating to any depositary shares or preferred stock unless satisfactory indemnity is furnished. We and the 
depositary may rely upon written advice of counsel or accountants, or upon information provided by persons 
presenting preferred stock for deposit, holders of depositary receipts or other persons we believe to be competent. 
and on documents we believe to be genuine. 
DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
As of the date of this prospectus, we are authorized to issue up to 9,000.000,000 shares of common stock. 
As of June 30, 2013, we had 4.104.933,895 shares of common stock issued (excluding 335,916,201 shares held 
in treasury). 
The following summary is not complete. You should refer to the applicable provisions of our certificate of 
incorporation and to the Delaware General Corporation Law for a complete statement of the terms and rights of 
our common stock. 
Dividends. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends if. as and when declared by our board 
of directors out of funds legally available for payment, subject to the rights of holders of our preferred stock. 
EFTA01136635
--- PAGE 70 ---
Voting Rights. Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote per share. Subject to the rights. if any, of the 
holders of any series of preferred stock under its applicable certificate of designations and applicable law, all voting 
rights are vested in the holders of shares of our common stock. Holders of shares of our common stock have 
noncumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voting for the election of 
directors can elect 100% of the directors and the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any directors. 
Rights Upon Liquidation. In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding•up, 
the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share equally in any of our assets available for distribution 
after we have paid in full all of our debts and after the holders of all series of our outstanding preferred stock 
have received their liquidation preferences in full. 
Miscellaneous. The issued and outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
Holders of shares of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights. Our common stock is not 
convertible into shares of any other class of our capital stock. Computershare Inc is the transfer agent, registrar 
and dividend disbursement agent for our common stock. 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES WARRANTS 
We may issue securities warrants for the purchase of debt securities, preferred stock or common stock. We 
may issue securities warrants independently or together with debt securities, preferred stock, common stock or other 
securities, other property or any combination of those securities in the form of units. Each series of securities 
warrants will be issued under a separate securities warrant agreement to be entered into between us and a bank or 
trust company (which may be the Bank). as warrant agent. The warrant agent will act solely as our agent under the 
applicable securities warrant agreement and will not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust for 
or with, any registered holders or beneficial owners of securities warrants. This summary of certain provisions of 
the securities warrants and the securities warrant agreement is not complete. You should refer to the securities 
warrant agreement relating to the specific securities warrants being offered, including the forms of securities 
warrant certificates representing those securities warrants, for the complete terms of the securities warrant 
agreement and the securities warrants. Forms of those documents are filed as exhibits to the registration statement 
Each securities warrant will entitle the holder to purchase the principal amount of debt securities or the 
number of shares of preferred stock or common stock at the exercise price set forth in, or calculable as set forth 
in, the applicable prospectus supplement. The exercise price may be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of 
certain events, as set forth in the prospectus supplement. We will also specify in the prospectus supplement the 
place or places where, and the manner in which, securities warrants may be exercised. After the close of business 
on the expiration date of the securities warrants, unexercised securities warrants will become void. 
Prior to the exercise of any securities warrants, holders of the securities warrants will not have any of the rights 
of holders of the debt securities, preferred stock or common stock, as the case may be. that may be purchased upon 
exercise of those securities warrants, including, (I) in the case of securities warrants for the purchase of debt 
securities, the right to receive payments of principal of. and premium, if any. or interest. if any. on those debt 
securities or to enforce covenants in the senior indenture or subordinated indenture, as the case may be, or (2) in the 
case of securities warrants for the purchase of preferred stock or common stock, the right to receive payments of 
dividends, if any. on that preferred stock or common stock or to exercise any applicable right to vote. 
DESCRIPTION OF CURRENCY WARRANTS 
We have described below certain general terms and provisions of the currency warrants that we may offer. 
We will describe the particular terms of the currency warrants and the extent, if any. to which the general 
provisions described below do not apply to the currency warrants offered in the applicable prospectus 
supplement. The following summary is not complete. You should refer to the currency warrants and the currency 
EFTA01136636
--- PAGE 71 ---
warrant agreement relating to the specific currency warrants being offered for the complete terms of those 
currency warrants. Forms of those documents are filed as exhibits to the registration statement. 
We will issue each issue of currency warrants under a currency warrant agreement to be entered into 
between us and a bank or trust company (which may be the Bank). as warrant agent. The warrant agent will act 
solely as our agent under the applicable currency warrant agreement and will not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with, any holders of currency warrants. 
We may issue currency warrants either in the form of: 
• currency put warrants, which entitle the holders to receive from us the cash settlement value in U.S. 
dollars of the right to sell a specified amount of a specified foreign currency or composite currency (the 
"designated currency") for a specified amount of U.S. dollars; or 
• currency call warrants, which entitle the holders to receive from us the cash settlement value in U.S. dollars 
of the right to purchase a specified amount of a designated currency for a specified amount of U.S. dollars. 
As a prospective purchaser of currency warrants, you should be aware of special United States federal 
income tax considerations applicable to instruments such as the currency warrants. The prospectus supplement 
relating to each issue of currency warrants will describe those tax considerations. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will issue the currency warrants in 
the form of global currency warrant certificates, registered in the name of a depositary or its nominee. See 
"Book-Entry Issuance" below. 
Each issue of currency warrants will be listed on a national securities exchange, subject only to official 
notice of issuance, as a condition of sale of that issue of currency warrants. In the event that the currency 
warrants are delisted from, or permanently suspended from trading on, the applicable national securities 
exchange, the expiration date for those currency warrants will be the date the delisting or trading suspension 
becomes effective, and currency warrants not previously exercised will be deemed automatically exercised on 
that expiration date. The applicable currency warrant agreement will contain a covenant from us that we will not 
seek to delist the currency warrants or suspend their trading on the applicable national securities exchange unless 
we have concurrently arranged for listing on another national securities exchange. 
Currency warrants involve a high degree of risk, including risks arising from fluctuations in the price of the 
underlying currency, foreign exchange risks and the risk that the currency warrants will expire worthless. 
Further, the cash settlement value of currency warrants at any time prior to exercise or expiration may be less 
than the trading value of the currency warrants. The trading value of the currency warrants will fluctuate because 
that value is dependent. at any time, on a number of factors, including the time remaining to exercise the 
currency warrants, the relationship between the exercise price of the currency warrants and the price of the 
designated currency. and the exchange rate associated with the designated currency. Because currency warrants 
are unsecured obligations of JPMorgan Chase, changes in our perceived creditworthiness may also be expected 
to affect the trading prices of currency warrants. Finally, the amount of actual cash settlement of a currency 
warrant may vary as a result of fluctuations in the price of the designated currency between the time you give 
instructions to exercise the currency warrant and the time the exercise is actually effected. 
As a prospective purchaser of currency warrants you should be prepared to sustain a loss of some or all of 
the purchase price of your currency warrants. You should also be experienced with respect to options and option 
transactions and should reach an investment decision only after careful consideration with your advisers of the 
suitability of the currency warrants in light of your particular financial circumstances. You should also consider 
the information set forth under "Risk Factors" in the prospectus supplement relating to the particular issue of 
currency warrants being offered and to the other information regarding the currency warrants and the designated 
currency set forth in the prospectus supplement. 
EFTA01136637
--- PAGE 72 ---
DESCRIPTION OF UNITS 
We may issue units that will consist of any combination of debt securities, preferred stock, common stock 
and warrants issued by us, depositary shares representing preferred stock issued by us, debt obligations or other 
securities of an entity affiliated or not affiliated with us or other property. We may issue units in one or more 
series, which will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Each series of units will be issued under 
a separate unit agreement to be entered into between us and a bank or trust company (which may be the Bank), as 
unit agent. The below summary of certain provisions of the units and unit agreements is not complete. You 
should refer to the unit agreement for the complete terms of the unit agreement and the units. Forms of those 
documents will be filed as exhibits to or incorporated by reference in the registration statement. 
Unless othenvise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. each unit will be issued so that the 
holder of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the holder of a unit will have the 
rights and obligations of a holder of each included security. The unit agreement under which a unit is issued may 
provide that the securities included in the unit may not be held or transferred separately, at any time or at any 
time before a specified date. We will describe the particular terms of any series of units being offered in the 
prospectus supplement relating to that series of units. Those terms may include: 
the designation and the terms of the units and any combination of debt securities, preferred stock, 
common stock and warrants issued by us. depositary shares representing preferred stock issued by us, 
debt obligations or other securities of an entity affiliated or not affiliated with us or other property 
constituting the units, including and whether and under what circumstances the debt securities, 
preferred stock, common stock and warrants issued by us, depositary shares representing preferred 
stock issued by us, debt obligations or other securities of an entity affiliated or not affiliated with us or 
other securities may be traded separately; 
• any additional terms of the governing unit agreement; 
• any additional provisions for the issuance, payment. settlement, transfer or exchange of the units or of 
the debt securities, preferred stock, common stock and warrants issued by us, depositary shares 
representing preferred stock issued by us, debt obligations or other securities of an entity affiliated or 
not affiliated with us or other property constituting the units: and 
• 
any applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences. 
The terms and conditions described under "Description of Debt Securities," "Description of Preferred 
Stock," "Description of Common Stock," "Description of Securities Warrants" and "Description of Currency 
Warrants" will apply to each unit and to any debt securities, preferred stock, common stock or warrants issued by 
us, depositary shares representing preferred stock issued by us, debt obligations or other securities of an entity 
affiliated or not affiliated with us or other property included in each unit, unless othenvise specified in the 
applicable prospectus supplement. 
An investment in units may involve special risks, including risks associated with indexed securities and 
currency-related risks if the securities comprising the units are linked to an index or are payable in or othenvise 
linked to a non•U.S. dollar currency. 
EFTA01136638
--- PAGE 73 ---
BOOK-ENTRY ISSUANCE 
We may issue series of any securities as global securities and deposit them with a depositary with respect to 
that series for settlement and clearance through a book-entry settlement system, as indicated in the applicable 
prospectus supplement. The following is a summary of the depositary arrangements applicable to securities 
issued in permanent global form and for which The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") will act as depositary 
(the "global securities"). 
Each global security will be deposited with, or on behalf of. DTC, as depositary, or its nominee and 
registered in the name of a nominee of DTC. Except under the limited circumstances described below, global 
securities will not be exchangeable for certificated securities. 
Only institutions that have accounts with DTC or its nominee ("DTC participants") or persons that may hold 
interests through DTC participants may own beneficial interests in a global security. DTC will maintain records 
evidencing ownership of beneficial interests by DTC participants in the global securities and transfers of those 
ownership interests. DTC participants will maintain records evidencing ownership of beneficial interests in the 
global securities by persons that hold through those DTC participants and transfers of those ownership interests 
within those DTC participants. DTC has no knowledge of the actual beneficial owners of the securities. You will 
not receive written confirmation from DTC of your purchase. but we do expect that you will receive written 
confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of your holdings. from the DTC 
participant through which you entered the transaction. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain 
purchasers of securities take physical delivery of those securities in certificated form. Those laws may impair 
your ability to transfer beneficial interests in a global security. 
DTC has advised us that upon the issuance of a global security and the deposit of that global security with 
DTC, DTC will immediately credit, on its book-entry registration and transfer system, the respective principal 
amounts or number of shares represented by that global security to the accounts of DTC participants. 
We will make payments on securities represented by a global security to DTC or its nominee, as the case 
may be, as the registered owner and holder of the global security representing those securities. DTC has advised 
us that upon receipt of any payment on a global security, DTC will immediately credit accounts of DTC 
participants with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in that security, as 
shown in the records of DTC. Standing instructions and customary practices will govern payments by DTC 
participants to owners of beneficial interests in a global security held through those DTC participants, as is now 
the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name." Those 
payments will be the sole responsibility of those DTC participants, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements in effect from time to time. 
None of JPMorgan Chase, the trustees or any of our respective agents will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records of DTC, any nominee or any DTC participant relating to, or payments made 
on account of, beneficial interests in a global security or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any of the 
records of DTC, any nominee or any DTC participant relating to those beneficial interests. 
A global security is exchangeable for certificated securities registered in the name of a person other than 
DTC or its nominee only if: 
• DTC notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for that global security or DTC 
ceases to be registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; 
• 
we determine in our discretion that the global security will be exchangeable for certificated securities 
in registered form; or 
• if applicable to the particular type of security. there shall have occurred and be continuing an event of 
default or an event which, with notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an event of default 
under the securities. 
EFTA01136639
--- PAGE 74 ---
Any global security that is exchangeable as described in the preceding sentence will be exchangeable in 
whole for certificated securities in registered form, and, in the case of global debt securities, of like tenor and of 
an equal aggregate principal amount as the global security, in denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of 
$1,000 (or in denominations and integral multiples as otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus 
supplement). The registrar for the securities will register the certificated securities in the name or names 
instructed by DTC. We expect that those instructions may be based upon directions received by DTC from DTC 
participants with respect to ownership of beneficial interests in the global security. In the case of global debt 
securities, we will make payment of any principal and interest on the certificated securities and will register 
transfers and exchanges of those certificated securities at the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York 
Mellon. However, we may elect to pay interest by check mailed to the address of the person entitled to that 
interest payment as of the record date, as shown on the register for the securities. 
Except as provided above, as an owner of a beneficial interest in a global security, you will not be entitled to 
receive physical delivery of securities in certificated form and will not be considered a holder of securities for 
any purpose under either of the indentures. No global security will be exchangeable except for another global 
security of like denomination and tenor to be registered in the name of DTC or its nominee. Accordingly, you 
must rely on the procedures of DTC and the DTC participant through which you own your interest to exercise 
any rights of a holder under the global security or the applicable indenture. 
We understand that, under existing industry practices, in the event that we request any action of holders, or 
an owner of a beneficial interest in a global security desires to take any action that a holder is entitled to take 
under the securities or the indentures. DTC would authorize the DTC participants holding the relevant beneficial 
interests to take that action, and those DTC participants would authorize beneficial owners owning through those 
DTC participants to take that action or would otherwise act upon the instructions of beneficial owners owning 
through them. 
DTC has advised us that DTC is a limited purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking 
Law, a "banking organization" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal 
Reserve System, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a 
"clearing agency" registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
If specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, investors may elect to hold interests in the global 
securities deposited with DTC outside the United States through Clearstream Banking, societe anonyme 
("Clearstream") or Euroclear Bank S.A./M., as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear"), if they are 
participants in those systems, or indirectly through organizations that are participants in those systems. 
Clearstream and Euroclear will hold interests on behalf of their participants through customers' securities 
accounts in Clearstream's and Euroclear's names on the books of their respective depositaries. Those 
depositaries in turn hold those interests in customers' securities accounts in the depositaries' names on the books 
of DTC. Unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement. The Bank of New York Mellon will act as 
depositary for each of Clearstream and Euroclear. 
Clearstream has advised us that it is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg as a professional 
depositary. Clearstream holds securities for its participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions between its participants through electronic book•entry transfers between their accounts. 
Clearstream provides its participants with, among other things, services for safekeeping. administration, 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream 
interfaces with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial 
relationships. As a professional depositary, Clearstream is subject to regulation by the Luxembourg Commission 
for the Supervision of the Financial Sector, also known as the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier. 
Clearstream participants are recognized financial institutions around the world, including underwriters, securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and other organizations. Clearstream's 
participants in the United States are limited to securities brokers and dealers and banks. Indirect access to 
Clearstream is also available to other institutions such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear 
through or maintain a custodial relationship with Clearstream participants. 
EFTA01136640
--- PAGE 75 ---
Distributions with respect to interests in global securities held through Clearstream will be credited to cash 
accounts of its customers in accordance with its rules and procedures, to the extent received by the U.S. 
depositary for Clearstream. 
Euroclear has advised us that it was created in 1968 to hold securities for its participants and to clear and 
settle transactions between Euroclear participants through simultaneous electronic book•entry delivery against 
payment, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates and any risk from lack of 
simultaneous transfers of securities and cash. Euroclear provides various other services, including securities 
lending and borrowinand interfaces with domestic markets in several countries. Euroclear is operated by 
Euroclear Bank S.A. 
. under contract with Euroclear plc, a U.K. corporation. Euroclear participants include 
banks, including central banks, securities brokers and dealers and other professional financial intermediaries. 
Indirect access to Euroclear is also available to other firms that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with a Euroclear participant, either directly or indirectly. 
Distributions with respect to interests in global securities held beneficially through Euroclear will be 
credited to the cash accounts of Euroclear participants in accordance with Euroclear's terms and conditions and 
operating procedures and applicable Belgian law, to the extent received by the U.S. depositary for Euroclear. 
Global Clearance and Settlement Procedures 
Unless otherwise specified in a prospectus supplement with respect to a particular series of global securities, 
initial settlement for global securities will be made in immediately available funds. DTC participants will 
conduct secondary market trading with other DTC participants in the ordinary way in accordance with DTC 
rules. Thereafter, secondary market trades will settle in immediately available funds using DTC's same day funds 
settlement system. 
If the prospectus supplement specifies that interests in the global securities may be held through Clearstream 
or Euroclear, Clearstream customers and/or Euroclear participants will conduct secondary market trading with 
other Clearstream customers and/or Euroclear participants in the ordinary way in accordance with the applicable 
rules and operating procedures of Clearstream and Euroclear. Thereafter, secondary market trades will settle in 
immediately available funds. 
Cross•market transfers between persons holding directly or indirectly through DTC on the one hand, and 
directly or indirectly through Clearstream customers or Euroclear participants, on the other, will be effected in 
DTC in accordance with DTC's rules on behalf of the relevant European international clearing system by the 
U.S. depositary for that system; however, those cross•market transactions will require delivery by the 
counterparty in the relevant European international clearing system of instructions to that system in accordance 
with its rules and procedures and within its established deadlines (European time). The relevant European 
international clearing system will, if the transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver instructions to the 
U.S. depositary for that system to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving 
interests in global securities in DTC, and making or receiving payment in accordance with normal procedures for 
same•day funds settlement applicable to DTC. Clearstream customers and Euroclear participants may not deliver 
instructions directly to DTC. 
Because of time•zone differences, credits of interests in global securities received in Clearstream or 
Euroclear as a result of a transaction with a DTC participant will be made during subsequent securities settlement 
processing and will be credited the business day following the DTC settlement date. Those credits or any 
transactions in global securities settled during that processing will be reported to the relevant Euroclear 
participants or Clearstream customers on that business day. Cash received in Clearstream or Euroclear as a result 
of sales of interests in global securities by or through a Clearstream customer or a Euroclear participant to a DTC 
participant will be received with value on the DTC settlement date but will be available in the relevant 
Clearstream or Euroclear cash account only as of the business day following settlement in DTC. 
Although DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear have agreed to the procedures described above in order to 
facilitate transfers of interests in global securities among DTC participants. Clearstream and Euroclear, they are 
under no obligation to perform those procedures and those procedures may be discontinued at any time. 
EFTA01136641
--- PAGE 76 ---
Special Provisions Relating to Certain Foreign Currency Securities 
If specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. book-entry securities denominated in currencies other 
than U.S. dollars may be held directly through participants in the systems of Clearstream or Euroclear, or 
indirectly through organizations that are participants in such systems. Such securities will be issued in the form 
of one or more global certificates (the "international global securities"), which will be registered in the name of a 
nominee for, and shall be deposited with, a common depositary for Clearstream and/or Euroclear. If a particular 
tranche or series of securities is issued utilizing both a global security and an international global security, in 
order to allow transfers between account holders utilizing the different book-entry systems the registrar will 
adjust the amounts of the global securities on the register for the accounts of the nominees for the respective 
systems. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, with respect to an international global 
security, distributions of principal and interest for a global debt security and dividends for a global equity 
security will be credited, in the specified currency, to the extent received by Clearstream or Euroclear, to the cash 
accounts of Clearstream or Euroclear customers in accordance with the relevant system's rules and procedures. If 
the prospectus supplement provides for both a global security and an international global security or if a 
beneficial interest in a global security is held by a participant in Clearstream or Euroclear, then a holder of a 
beneficial interest in a global security will receive all payments in U.S. dollars in accordance with DTC's rules 
and procedures, unless it has, or participants through which it holds its beneficial interest have, made other 
arrangements. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. each of the persons shown in the 
records of Clearstream, Euroclear or any other clearing system as the holder of the securities represented by the 
global securities must look solely to Clearstream or Euroclear for such holder's share of each payment made by 
or on behalf of JPMorgan Chase to Clearstream or Euroclear, and in relation to all other rights arising under the 
global securities, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Clearstream or 
Euroclear. Such persons shall have no claim directly against JPMorgan Chase in respect of payments due on the 
securities for so long as the securities are represented by global securities and such obligations of JPMorgan 
Chase will be discharged by payment to Clearstream or Euroclear in respect of each amount so paid. 
EFTA01136642
--- PAGE 77 ---
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
We may sell the debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares, common stock, securities warrants, 
currency warrants or units being offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement: 
• 
through underwriters; 
• 
through dealers; 
• 
through agents; or 
• directly to purchasers. 
We will set forth the terms of the offering of any securities being offered in the applicable prospectus 
supplement. 
If we utilize underwriters in an offering of securities using this prospectus, we will execute an underwriting 
agreement with those underwriters. The underwriting agreement will provide that the obligations of the 
underwriters with respect to a sale of the offered securities are subject to certain conditions precedent and that the 
underwriters will be obligated to purchase all the offered securities if any are purchased, other than securities 
subject to an underwriter's overallotment option. Underwriters may sell those securities to or through dealers. 
The underwriters may change any initial public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or 
reallowed or paid to dealers from time to time. If we utilize undenvriters in an offering of securities using this 
prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement will contain a statement regarding the intention, if any, of the 
underwriters to make a market in the offered securities. 
If we utilize a dealer in an offering of securities using this prospectus, we will sell the offered securities to 
the dealer, as principal. The dealer may then resell those securities to the public at a fixed price or at varying 
prices to be determined by the dealer at the time of resale. 
We may also use this prospectus to offer and sell securities through agents designated by us from time to 
time. Unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus supplement, any agent will be acting on a reasonable efforts 
basis for the period of its appointment. 
Underwriters, dealers or agents participating in a distribution of securities by use of this prospectus and an 
applicable prospectus supplement may be deemed to be undenvriters, and any discounts and commissions 
received by them and any profit realized by them on resale of the offered securities, whether received from us or 
from purchasers of offered securities for whom they act as agent, may be deemed to be underwriting discounts 
and commissions under the Securities Act of 1933. 
Under agreements that we may enter into, underwriters, dealers or agents who participate in the distribution 
of securities by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement may be entitled to 
indemnification by us against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, or to 
contribution with respect to payments that those underwriters, dealers or agents may be required to make. 
We may offer to sell securities either at a fixed price or at prices that may be changed, at market prices 
prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices. 
Underwriters, dealers, agents or their affiliates may be customers of. engage in transactions with, or perform 
services for, us and our subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business. 
Our direct or indirect wholly•owned subsidiaries, including 
Morgan Securities LLC, may use this 
prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement in connection with offers and sales of securities in the 
secondary market. Those subsidiaries may act as principal or agent in those transactions. Secondary market sales 
will be made at prices related to prevailing market prices at the time of sale. 
EFTA01136643
--- PAGE 78 ---
We may also use this prospectus to directly solicit offers to purchase securities. Except as set forth in the 
applicable prospectus supplement, none of our directors, officers, or employees nor those of our bank 
subsidiaries will solicit or receive a commission in connection with those direct sales. Those persons may 
respond to inquiries by potential purchasers and perform ministerial and clerical work in connection with direct 
sales. 
Conflicts of Interest 
We own directly or indirectly all the outstanding equity securities of M. Morgan Securities LLC. The 
underwriting arrangements for any offering pursuant to this prospectus will comply with the requirements of 
Rule 5121 of the regulations of FINRA regarding a FINRA member firm's underwriting of securities of an 
affiliate. In accordance with Rule 5121, M. Morgan Securities LLC may not make sales pursuant to this 
prospectus to any discretionary account without the prior approval of the customer. 
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
The financial statements and management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over 
financial reporting (which is included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting) 
incorporated in this prospectus by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10•K of JPMorgan Chase for the year 
ended December 31, 2012 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 
an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and 
accounting. 
With respect to the unaudited financial information of JPMorgan Chase for the three-month periods ended 
March 31, 2013 and 2012 and for the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2013 and 2012, 
incorporated in this prospectus by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form I0-Q for the quarter ended 
March 31, 2013 filed with the SEC on May 8, 2013 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10•Q for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2013 filed with the SEC on August 7, 2013, respectively, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP reported that 
they have applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such information. 
However, their separate reports dated May 8, 2013 and August 7, 2013 state that they did not audit and they do 
not express an opinion on that unaudited financial information. Accordingly, the degree of reliance on their 
reports on such information should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is not subject to the liability provisions of Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933 
for their reports on the unaudited financial information because those reports are not a -report" or a "part" of the 
registration statement prepared or certified by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP within the meaning of Sections 7 
and II of the Securities Act of 1933. 
LEGAL OPINIONS 
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, New York, New York, will provide an opinion for us regarding the 
validity of the offered securities and Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, New York, New York, will provide such an 
opinion for the underwriters. Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP acts as legal counsel to us and our subsidiaries in a 
substantial number of matters on a regular basis. 
EFTA01136644
--- PAGE 79 ---
JPMORGAN CHASE &CO. 
EFTA01136645

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136646.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136646.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
EFTA01136646

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136647.pdf
----------------------------------------
C"cmimh 
EFTA01136647

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136648.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136648.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136648

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136649.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Warren Eisenstein <MI
> 
Subject: Redneck Heaven 
Date: Sat, 13 Apr 2013 01:15:31 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Keep on Pushin' 
Warren 
EFTA01136649

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136650.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136650

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136651.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136651

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136652.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136652.pdf
----------------------------------------
sio
n sistarras
_ 
a .4afitt- -. 
- nfr
.i 
- 
or, 
-mt:.
}: -Cr. —
Weal' 
• 
n. 
EFTA01136652

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136653.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
„ 
• 
 _ 
' 
• 
1-ar'--e•lair 
71-7,-.,;(:d‘r 
t"
S. 
• 
EFTA01136653

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136654.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136654.pdf
----------------------------------------
, 
S 
EFTA01136654

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136655.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED 
SHULIAK/KARYNA 
UA 1482 
St. Thomas 
to Newark-Liberty Intl 
STT to EV,I) 
OD4YZB 
UA 1482 
22C 
GATE 
BOARD TIME 
BOARDING 
SEAT 
GROUP 
Not Yet Assigned 
1:37 PM 
Departs: 2:12 PM 
Arrives: 
6:35 PM 
22C 
Aisle 
Economy 
Confirmation: 
OD4YZB 
Ticket: 
01672198226436 
A STAR ALLIANCE MEMBER 7:: 
Notice - The Transportation Security Administration has implemented additional security measures effective 
immediately. Please plan to arrive at the airport earlier than normal. For more details, see united.com.
Bag check must be completed no later than 45 minutes before departure.Each traveler is allowed to carry-on one bag and one 
personal item. Please note your bag must not exceed 45 in or 115 cm (l...W..H) or weigh more than 40 lbs or 18 kg. You must be at 
the boarding gate at least 15 prior to departure. Failure to be at the boarding gate by the required time could result in the loss of your 
seat without compensation, regardless of whether you are already checked in or have a confirmed seat. Refer to United's Contract of 
Carriage at united.com for more information on United's terms and conditions. 
EFTA01136655

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136656.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136656.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
< 
Date: Sat, 13 Apr 2013 23:07:39 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136656

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136657.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: US GIG c.us.gio@jpmorgan.com> 
To: Undisclosed recipients:; 
Subject: REMINDER: J.P. Morgan Prospective Investor Call Invitation for L Capital Asia 2. L.P. April 9, 2013 
Date: Mon, 08 Apr 2013 18:25:44 +0000 
Attachments: L_CapitalAsia_2,_LP_-_Prospective_Investor_Call_Invitation_2013.04.09_(9am_EST)-pdf.zip 
Inline-Images: imagc003.png 
J.P. Morgan 
)P Maven ;mhos you se pettkipate Ye • prospective litster conferee:earn foe 
L Capital Asia 2, L.P. 
The As.. P.OIK memo n expected to be the greatest West. 01 global PC CehOrnoC growth own the next 5 years' as 
rapid urbanitehOn and an Oktkohding meddle class are expected to drove domestic consumption 
Capital Asia (the 'farm') is an Asian
-focused privatenosily firm with a unique sponsorship by LVM+4 Mixt 
Hennessey Louis Vuitton SA. In.VMH'1'. a world leader es luxury goods. INPAH supports L Capital throughout the 
mitre investment oaccess. including propmetary deal sourcing, industry-specific due exigence opecat'onal 
initiatives and tact  
In addition. the gem has developed a demo and experienced team of 23 inestment and operations professionals 
with strong expertise across the consumer sector. 
t Caveat Asia 2 Ound 2'I ...el tocel 5800 minion in commitments and a portfolio of appronmately 12.15 
mem:ones Fund 2n expected to invest in aspiratiustd. affordable and alternative bah and select retail 
franchises that target middle and uppermAddle nsatet consumers at China, SOUttleheht AO& and India 
Hooted by 
Ravi Thakran 
Founder, L Capital Asia 
Dote: Tuesday, April 9., 2013 
Time: 9:00am NY/ 2:00pm London 
Calhin Waters 
Within the V 5 866-256-4684 
Outsde the V.5. •1.206634.5299 
Hong Kong. &C-966-253 
Singapore 800-101.1512 
Pained.: ALA 
To view the slides associated with this presentation, CLICK Kitt during the lie call 
(vent password: aria 
The Conference Call win be replaced through May toe. 2011 
Within the U.S. 1SS AS9-2056 
Outside the U.S.,. •1-404.537-3406 
Hong Kong: 803.930800 
Singapore: 800-101.1464 
Passe,* 26885944 
plow Only t yew I A Morgan etennentotiv• if you Awe any quotient 
ma insane.. b can /,setter and bliendta yealy fr o the we 42 P. Megan weleneneh end the mean/weapon te whoa 
it hes been *greed ltd setae& itatedined or eflarlbuted essay altar pennon except to the ceent pre f mend Sweets. 
nave ...chew, a sAvot a sseeefrok ato.sethot waccerf woe, oenseo oteoves hew, ...tin., no xnewtem 
.or.m.,-..et I ego 
to yes • Wows. ceo•q7r. sew Mt oleos., 
colohoehe Lt. to *hotel worst, woe hopey ee oar sr so feeopoe 
Men 
*- 
tenni 
Ma 
,odt 
meeenneer Mane He OSIneOlOt 
WM'S, earglmettrielees OS ea ~OW neat eiteenweeeeext (-Os *55 
le d 
retiree 
On* 
eetoretto 
Vow 
ram. 
oforwease 
eaten 
dohobren 
Ana 
*Author tel... 
4.pfeet 
oe row+ o' 
aohervete sow mw 
in tonne* 
rarer ie,  ae tie egoicaNt asp antomedieh Save enwc 
ffellitelOSed.OWS/A was Ywnna 
many.. any; hog goo eikc oyes eroe,..wegnshet, 
'Omer ad ohse.MnrA 201: 
"sweemennitineennew toughy W.. Yee nnonoheto is. 
1A ...teem nese& 
want 
Prederie- 
*WOOS( Mined 
-No lima wean 
Um Lew vale 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including an offers for the purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness 
of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available at hitp://www.jpmorgan.comipagcsidisclosurcsiemail. 
EFTA01136657

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136658.pdf
----------------------------------------
J.P. Morgan 
a Morgan invites you to participate in a prospective investor conference call for 
L Capital Asia 2, 
The Asia Pacific region is expected to be the greatest source of global economic growth over the next 5 years[ as 
rapid urbanization and an expanding middle class are expected to drive domestic consumption. 
L Capital Asia (the "Firm") is an Asian-focused private equity firm with a unique sponsorship by LVMH Meet 
Hennessey Louis Vuitton S.A. ("LVMH")2, a world leader in luxury goods. LVMH supports L Capital throughout the 
entire investment process, including: proprietary deal sourcing, industry-specific due diligence, operational 
initiatives and exit strategy. 
In addition, the Firm has developed a deep and experienced team of 23 investment and operations professionals 
with strong expertise across the consumer sector. 
L Capital Asia 2 ("Fund 2") will target $800 million in commitments and a portfolio of approximately 12-15 
companies. Fund 2 is expected to invest in aspirational, affordable and alternative brands and select retail 
franchises that target middle and upper-middle market consumers in China, Southeast Asia, and India. 
Hosted by 
Ravi Thakran 
Founder, L Capital Asia 
Date: Tuesday, April 9th, 2013 
Time: 9:00am NY/ 2:00pm London 
Call-in Numbers: 
Within the U.S.: 866-256-4684 
Outside the U.S.: +1-706-634-5299 
Hong Kong: 800-966-253 
Singapore: 800-101-1512 
Passcode: ASIA 
To view the slides associated with this presentation CLICK HERE during the live call 
Event password: asia 
The Conference Call will be replayed through May 10th, 2013 
Within the U.S.: 855-859-2056 
Outside the U.S.: +1-404-537-3406 
Hong Kong: 800-930-800 
Singapore: 800-101-1464 
Passcode: 26885944 
Please contact your.. Morgan representative if you have any questions. 
This invitation Is confidential and Intended solely for the use ON Morgan professionals and the clients/prospects to whom 
it has been delivered. It is not to be reproduced or distributed to any other person except to the ding's professional advisors. 
Private investments are subject to special risks rand intlitnifuois must meet specific suitabilitystandards before investing. This information does not constitute an offer 
to sell or o solicitation of on offer to buy the interests oft capitol Asia I, S 
Nooffering of interests of the Fund maybe mode by anyliteroture, advertising or 
document in whatever form other than the confidential pdvote placement memorandum. Aso reminder, hedge funds (or funds of hedge funds), pnVote equity funds, 
real estate funds and the Me: Often engage in leveraging and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; can be highly 
illiquid; Are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; May invoke complex tax structures and delays in disutaing important tax 
information; Ate not subject to the some regulatory requirements cis mutual funds; and often charge high fees. Further, any number of conflicts of interest may exist 
in the context of the management and/or operation of any such fund. For complete information, please refer to the applicable offering memorandum. Securities ore 
mode ovoiloble through. Morgan Securities ILC, Member ROMA, NYSE and WC, and its broker-dealer offiSates. 
'Source: Global Insight, March 2012. 
22VALIC consists of several entities, including 1VHM Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton S.A. and Groupe growth. 
Investment Products: 
-Not FDIC Insured 
No Bank Guarantee 
-May Lose Value 
EFTA01136658

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136659.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmml.com> 
Date: Mon, 08 Apr 2013 19:01:06 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136659

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136660.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136660.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 08 Apr 2013 19:01:16 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136660

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136661.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson •te 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: figured it out 
Date: Mon, 08 Apr 2013 19:50:45 +0000 
Attachments: img-408153123-0001.pdf 
See highlight on pg 2-this was bank requesting evidence of insurance. $400,000 relates to size of B of A credit 
line. 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM [mailto:NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM®apollolp.com] 
Sent: Monday, April 08, 2013 3:31 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 3 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com/ 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01136661

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136662.pdf
----------------------------------------
(-M-11111114 PRODU(TC 
PREMIUM BOAT DOCK BUMPERS 
2015 Dealer Price Sheet 
PART# 
DESCRIPTION 
MSRP 
DIS
COST WT 
DU-5 SERIES BUMPERS FOR BOATS UP TO 70' 
DU-5F 
FLAT BUMPER lOW x 5H x 36L 
$199.95 $169.95 15 
DU-5C 
CORNER BUMPER lOW x 5H x 10L x 10L 
$179.95 $129.95 10 
DU-5P 
PILING/POLE BUMPER 10" to 12" POLES x 36L $209.95 $189.95 15 
DU-5S 
SHELF BUMPER 10W x 5H x 36L 
$199.95 $169.95 15 
DU-48 SERIES BUMPERS FOR BOATS UP TO 45' 
DU-48F 
FLAT BUMPER 7.25W x 4.75H x 48L 
$199.95 $169.95 14 
DU-48DL 
DOUBLE LIP BUMPER 5.5W x 4.75H x 48L $199.95 $169.95 14 
DU-48P 
PILING/POLE BUMPER 8" to 10" POLES x 48L $209.95 $189.95 14 
DU-48C 
CORNER BUMPER 7.25W x 4.75H x 8L x 8L 
$129.95 $ 89.95 
DU-48SL 
SINGLE LIP BUMPER 7.25W x 4.75H x 48L $199.95 $169.95 14 
DU-48 2.0 
CHANNEL BUMPER 7.25W x 4.7511 x 48L 
$189.95 $149.95 14 
DU-48 2.5 
CHANNEL BUMPER 7.25W x 4.75H x 48L 
$189.95 $149.95 14 
DU-48 3.0 
CHANNEL BUMPER 7.25W x 4.75H x 48L 
$189.95 $149.95 14 
DU-48 3.5 
CHANNEL BUMPER 7.25W x 4.75H x 48L 
$189.95 $149.95 14 
DU-36 SERIES BUMPERS FOR BOATS UP TO 30' 
DU-19F 
FLAT BUMPER 4.5W x 2.25H x 19L 
$ 49.95 
$39.95 
2.5 
DU-24F 
FLAT BUMPER 4.5W x 2.25H x 24L 
$ 59.95 
$49.95 
DU-36F 
FLAT BUMPER 4.5W x 2.25H x 36L 
$ 89.95 
$59.95 
DU-36SL 
SINGLE LIP BUMPER 4.5W x 2.25H x 36L $ 89.95 
$69.95 
DU-36C 
CORNER BUMPER 4.5W x 2.25H x 12L x 12L $ 79.95 
$49.95 
DU-55F 
FLAT BUMPER 4.5W x 2.25H x 55L 
$139.95 $119.95 8 
DU-72F 
FLAT BUMPER 4.5W x 2.25H x 72L 
$189.95 $149.95 10 
"SPECIAL APPLICATIONS UPON REQUEST" 
TERMS: PREPAID PRIOR TO SHIPMENT 
NET 30 DAYS UPON APPROVAL 
NO RETURNS ACCEPTED WITHOUT PRIOR WRITTEN RGA 
C-MARINE PRODUCTS 
9036 West Schlinger Avenue - West Allis, Wisconsin 53214 
Phone 
CONTACT: MIKE CELONI 
EFTA01136662

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136663.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 08 Apr 2013 20:28:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01136663
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136664
--- PAGE 3 ---
chi
l
 ' .1.1IP 
r; r 
r : 
-• i i• it 411,C6.1r I 
I .
i ril ' —it - ii 
..a ' • . 
- 1 
;.:t"Sk0 
'alibi! : .:. , .., .. 
• af, 
• 
IL 
sit 
,,1 . 
•e• 
.me 
..- . 
\••••.- 
-•  
 -; 
# 
EFTA01136665

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136666.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 08 Apr 2013 20:28:53 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01136666
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136667
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136668

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136669.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 08 Apr 2013 20:29:12 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01136669
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136670
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136671

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136672.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: US GIO .cus.giogipmorgan.com> 
To: Undisclosed recipients:; 
Subject: J.P. Morgan Prospective Investor Call Invitation for L Capital Asia 2, L.P. April 9,2013 
Date: Wed 03 Apr 2013 17:15:58 40000 
Attachments: L_CapitalAsia_2,_LP_-_Prospective_Investor_Call_Invitation_2013.04.09_(9am_EST)-pdf.zip 
Inline-Images: imagc003.png 
J. P Morgan 
1P Monson invites you troportkipot• In prospective Mew  conference ask* 
L Capital Asia 2, L.P. 
The At. Pay di< ream° n expected to be the greatest gnu. of global etuorno growth over the next 5 years' as 
rapid urbanization and en obeending middle class ace expected to dove domestic consumption 
Capital Asia (the -Arm') is an Asian-focused privateequity firm with a unique sponsorship by LVMH Moe 
Hennessey Louis Vuitton SA. (1S/Mlet, a woad leader in luxury goods LVMH supports I Capital throughout the 
entre investment preens. including proprietary deal sourcing industry specific due diligence, operational 
initiatives and exit  
H. 
In *dot:kn.the Firm has developed a deep and experienced team of 23 lineament and op-rations profe--sionals 
with strong expertise aaoss the consumer sector. 
t Capital Asia 2 (/ und YI wal inset Sam 'nation in commitments and • politica* d appionmately 12.15 
convenes fund 2 n inouted to invent in aspirationah affordable and alteinative bo whits and seaut retail 
franchises that target middle and upperimiddie Philtre< consumers in China, Southeast Asia, and Inds* 
Hosted by 
Ravi Thakran 
Founder. L Capital Asia 
Date: Tuesday, April 9`", 2013 
Time: 9:00am NY/2:00pm London 
all 
roc 
Within the V5 gob-256468a 
Outside the VS •1-706.634-529) 
Hong song 803-966-2S3 
Singapore 600.101.1512 
PattCode: ASIA 
To view the slides associated with this presentation, CUCI HERE during the Nye call 
Event password: aria 
The Conference Call Mil be tattered through May 1071.1012 
Within the U.S. 155.550.2056 
Outside the U.S: • 1-404.537-140e 
Hong song: 803-9304SCO 
Singapore:8(0-101.1464 
Passcode. 26885944 
Pin. ono r yo • 1 I htorgon eirpeoventolive if yet. Puree any Unbent 
ma 
roaadrae.ta end intended nOelylof red sir a)/I. Mayan poslassional 
erreaturoroopeeb Oh whoen 
it hos he,. cielhertot ns not te be repeorioted or dirtriboted to any other pets new to the cher< s orolesstosof &rhythm. 
....Mentscant Wise 
nn•a^ sra.6)..ar ea.T.0.•• ,1",
ro,Q 
o 
..,WA.v 
.0 ...mob woe ix (qv. k nao, 
kerebrt alseniss or 
4•••••-• • 
.. im• d••• 
no 
rattsmtleireenfen 
nava, asoastord• *Ape set s• fall 
• 
cum, a• 
mat 
au,a,•• ivaliffi oar mammon ilea% welmwe 
Cmlie AIM 
AL. 
'4 fn..* 
r......nne L IA,/ 
temettotaavens 
ere 00,0•6411........M. 
n. owes% Arno r mares w snag.. maAva, tow.,,eds a...saw-neat 
holm= 
Seems
 wirls etantai e/aimme -_ 
,nsYn
 "f confoweee 
go. sn......1.44 
ioftore nt...•••••• pease mIk••• the arearaPt 40....nneentei Saw 
noitnesiumusiiiiir 
k,,tree5 tie 
Olt an110C4•440...04AS Whites 
auSo Pp," mots :on 
tsysermow. emureeen wino. wiromu hooucem remota ariataue Mae 
eusetInteal Pleads- 
.
 MR Sawed 
 NC NMI wale 
Mat teat Wee 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of securities. accuracy and completeness 
of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://www.jpmorgan.comMages/disclosurcslemail. 
EFTA01136672

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136673.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136673.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: "'J. Epstein"' cjeeproject@yahoo.com> 
Subject: hello 
Date: Wed, 03 Apr 2013 18:31:20 +0000 
Attachments: 
How are you? long time since we last spoke. Hope all is well. 
Thinking of you :-) 
Please consider the environment before printing this e•mail. 
EFTA01136673

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136674.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136674

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136675.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136675.pdf
----------------------------------------
Remarks 
MLS a 71073926 - Sold 
Condo - Other (See Remarks) 
Lot Pnce *400.000 
Safe Pre* 5225%000 
saddNsex County 
Unt Placement - 
Total Roams: 6 
Unt Lowe 7 
Bcdrcoms 3 
Grade School: 
Bathrooms 21 lb 
Male Schad: 
Maxtor Bath- Yes 
Hgh Schad. 
Fireplaces. 0 
Cvtdoor Spice Amt. 
Handicap Accossf mese:: 
Dream, The Residences at Charles Square are located behind the Hotel. Courtyard perking for residents only! 
High above banks of Charles River In Cranes Smart. One of mop desirable Harvard Sq & Cambridge doorman Ho buildings. Open emerlelning spaces Duplex. Elevator serves both levels. 
Generous master suite. 3 bedrooms. 2.5 baths. Small balcony: lovely ring 6 trttlinod views. Soulh•facing. Private storage space. Secunry•access deeded garage apace. Healthy condo reserves. 
Hp owner-occupancy. sterling reputation. History or careful maintenance & preservation. 
Property Information 
ACP,ox. I.Mno Area 2079 so IL (91.055.30Se.n.i 
Livia; Seta Indudes 
Uvng Area Source: Master Deed 
Living Area Ditclotkees 
Complex & Association Information 
MProx Acres 
Heel Zones 2 Forced Air. twat Pump. Electric. Other tSee Remark,) 
Cool Zones: 2 Central Air. Incividual 
Own,  Spaces: I Under, Garage Dew Opener, Deeded 
Parking Seems: 1 Off-Street. Deeded 
Levels in Unt: 2 
Camper /Nee The Residences as Charles Square 
Association Yes Fm: $2.33426 
Room Levels. Dimensions and Features 
Unto in CMOs. 71 Coreciete Yes 
Vete Darer CCO,Peif $0 Source Management 
Fee Inc Wes: Water. Sewer. Master msuranco. Security. Elevator. Exterior Maintenance. Landscaping. Snow Removal 
Room 
Living Room. 
Dining Room 
Mohan: 
Master Bedroom 
Bedroom 2: 
Bedroom 3: 
Bath 1: 
Sat' 2: 
Bath 3: 
Laundry-. 
Library. 
Features 
Level 
Size 
Features 
8Mhroom - Full 
Bailvoom • Halt 
Bathrocm - Full 
Other Property Info 
Area Ammo's Public Transportation. Shopping, Walk Jog Trails. Medical Facality, Bike Path, T-Station. University 
Amiens's Range, Dishwasher. Disposal, Microwave. Rehtgerator 
Assoc. Socumy Doorman 
SasemeM No . - 
Beath: No 
Electric Foatures: Circuit Breakers 
Extend: Brick 
Exmoor Features: Deck 
Hot Wags: Mark. Tank 
interior FeaMee. Security System 
Managomem: Proktssmnal . On See 
Pets /Moored Ye* we Restrictions 
Softer Winos: Cirylown Sewer 
Water Ltinos Cary,Town Water 
WdgerflOOI Yes. River 
Water View Yea. - 
Flint Remarks 
Disclosure Deglutition. No 
Disclosures Unit Includes one garage parking space 469 
Exclusons: none 
Lead Pain Hone 
UFF t No Warranty Pesaro:: 
Year eulkCornetted: 1985 
Year Bull Soy°. Public Record 
Year Bull Dose: Approximate 
Year Round: 
Short Sale wtrOrApp.Req. No 
Leber Oared': No 
Tax Information 
PAX: 
Assessed 32.137.000 
Tax 915323.22 lax Year: 2009 
Book: 44403 Page: 21 
CM 
Zara; Code: Res C-3 
Map- Block: Lot 
Assoclation has high reserves and high owner occupancy. 
Market Information 
Using Date 4102010 
Dan on Market Property has been on the Mak% la a tin % 27 cblylee 
Expiation Oaks: 
Original Price: 92400.000 
On /*ream Date:527.2010 
Sale Dare: 7/21.2010 
Sale Pnco: $2250.000 
using menet byte 10.54 has been on to 27 etnol 
OM:, Merkel Tale. Once has shied this present row 27 (LEWIS/ 
Cash Paid sot Uptrades 
Saber Concessionsal Closing. 
Ramona Withheld 
The elomotenn Inn Hire Ass eaten! Tee Ste pee seam salads@ the wee aid path race& KS fl uty elenten Week eel re nemeses awls= Nvrtalnd M esesselexm a esesess tab Vs acwace cif 
earnebse. Oslo* VG'S 
NJ ;mete InteseSo Mem:et et 
EFTA01136675
--- PAGE 2 ---
Remarks 
MLS a 71143467 - Sold 
Condo - Other (See Remarks) 
975 Memorial Drive - Unit 212 
Let Price 43.275000 
Cambridge. MA : Harvard Square 0213a 
Sate Pnce: 53.150.000 
Middlesex Coumy 
Una Placement 
Lint Level: 1 
Grade School: 
Middle Shod: 
High Schaal: 
Outdoor Space Avail: 
liandcap AccessFeatures: 
Direckens: The Residences al Charles Square are located behind the Hotel. Courtyard parking for residents only) 
Tccal ROo'n 7 
Bedroom: :2 
Bathrooms 21 I h 
hiss's( Bath Yes 
Fireplace: 0 
Harvard Square. The Residences at Charles Square. Rare and beautiful condominium. Southern exposure. Elegant entertaining spaces. Over 2300 s.t. Vaulted ceiling. Gorgeous 
hardwood floors. Fined throughout au best possible infrastructure, materials. finishes. & appointments. 2 private landscaped gardens with terraces. Balcony. Woven copper panels. 
marble baseboards. Cross-ventilation. 24•lw concierge. Views of Kennedy Park and Chubs River. 2-car security garage parking. 
Property Information 
Approx. LMng Area. 2734 sq. R. (41.151.32,mi. IL) 
Um° Area IncludeS 
Limo Area Source: kleitstired 
Livng Area Disclosures: 
Approx. Acres: 
Heat ZOnes:7 Forced At Heat Pump, Electric, Other (See Remarks) 
Co0l Zones: 4 Central Air 
Garage Spaces: 2 Under. Garage Door Opener. Deeded 
Nelda° Spaces: 2 Off-Street, Deeded 
Levels In Una: 2 
Complex & Association Information 
Complex Name: 
AsSOCiat0n Yes Fee: 43,171.07 
Units in Complex: 71 Complete: Yes 
Units 0aner Occupied: 59 Source: management 
Fee includes: Water. Sewer. Master Insurance. Security, Elevator. E MAO r Maintenance, Landscaping. Snow Removal 
Room Levels, Dimensions and Features 
Room 
Livng Room: 
Caning Room: 
Kochen: 
Master Bedroom: 
Bedroom 2: 
Bath 1: 
Bath 2: 
Bath 3 
Lbrary: 
Level 
Size 
Features 
Bathroom Half 
Bathroom - Full 
Bathroom - Full 
Features 
Applances: Range. Dishwasher. DiSpOSiti, Microwave, Refrigerator 
Basement: No . — 
Beach: No 
Electric Features' Circuit Breakers 
Eidetic.: Brick 
Hot Water: Electric. Tank 
Interior Features: Security System 
Management: Professional • On She 
Pets Allowed: Yes w: Restrictions 
Sewer Uttlibes: Cityrrown Sewer 
Water Unties: City/Town Water 
Utllty Connections: be Gee Range 
Web: whoa: No 
Market Information 
Other Property Info 
OSUOSure Declaration: No 
Disclosures: Unit Includes two garage parking spaces 
Exclusions: 
Lead Pant' None 
UFFI: Warranty Features: 
Voar BuibConvorted: 19SSI 
Year Butt Source: Public Record 
Voar Boit Dose: Actual 
Voar Round: 
Shen Sale wine App.Reu No 
Lender Owned_ No 
Tax Information 
PnP 
Assessed: S2.910.600 
Tax: $24600.68 Tax Year. 2011 
BOOM 25635 Page 005 
Cerl. 
Zonng Code: Res C.3 
Map Block LOt': 
Lisbng Crate. 9.24.2010 
Days on Markel: Properly has been on the market hr a loaf of 884 day(s) 
Elpration Date: 
Original NCB: $3375,000 
ON Markel Dale: 1/2142011 
Sale Date: 3/14.2011 
Sale Price: $3.160.000 
Usbng Market Imo: MIS, has been on (or 122 dayisi 
Odco Market Time: Dike has bled this properly la 8Mday's) 
Cash Paid for Upgrades: 
Seller Concessions al Closing: 
Financing: Withheld 
TPA Waxman -let fang vac ;whored fromMini patty5.00.m V4.0119 TM sorer aid public nod. MS Propsty Ireartrulfon Network ahem (Salts% &clan airy awl a loperaltraans of warraf6cs as to the acuracy of Ilia Woars.viSon. 
Contolt O2013 MS Property Intonal5calOodont.Ific. 
EFTA01136676
--- PAGE 3 ---
Remarks 
IALS o 71430202 - Sold 
Condo - Low-Rise 
975 Mernonal Dave Umi 205 
List Paco: $3.300.000 
Cambridge. MA : Harvard Square 02138 
Sale Price: 53.300.000 
Middlesex County 
Lai Placement 
Total ROOMS .5 
tat Lem]: I 
Bedrooms: 3 
Grade ached: 
Bathrooms: 311h 
Middle $0001 
Maller Beth Yee 
NO Sobel 
Fret/tWeS 0 
Outdoor Snoop Aval: Yes • Ihtrabe 
Handcap AccossFeahses: 
Mete" The Residences al Charles Square are located behind the 11001. Courtyard parking for residents Only' 
On the edge el Harvard Square and a minute from the Red Line. this fabulous residence is located In one el Cambridge's meet sougM-alter established doorman buildings. The grand living and 
dining rooms have sowing ceilings and *wag 01 windows teeing the condoniinuni's private and e mainly* garden patio — designed by Robin Key Landscape Architecture —acid the Rum and the 
Harvard boathouse beyond. Three bedrooms and a shady, three and one-hall baths. Garage parkmg with elevator access. 
Properly Information 
~fix , Laing Alga' 2156 sq. M. ($1,530.61hµ IL) 
Living Area Includes: 
Urine Area Source: Measured 
Urine Area DeCIOSure9 
Amro[ ?act: 
Heal Zee*: 2 Forced Air. Heat Pump 
Goa Zones 2 Central Air 
Garage Spans: I Under. Garage Door Opener 
Parking Spaces: I Off.Street. Deeded 
leveiri in tint 2 
Complex & Association Information 
Cowpox Name: 
Association: Yes Fee: $tA22.4 Monthly 
units n Compbx: 71 Compete: 
Unto ewer Orated: Soso*: 
Fee kw-axles: Meer, Sewer, Nasser Insurance. Erierier 11111M•nare». Snow ~Oval 
Room Levels. Dimensions and Features 
Room 
Lying Room.
Drang Room. 
lotsher 
Master Bedroom: 
Bedroom 2: 
Bedroom 3: 
Beth 1 
Bath 2 
Bath 3: 
Laundry: 
%IMO» 
Level 
Size 
Features 
Bathroom . Full. Balcony . Exterior 
Bathroom hall 
Bathroom - Fug 
Bathroom - Full 
Bathroom Full 
Features 
Assoc. SC0.417: Concierge 
Basement Yes . Garage Access 
Beach 
Exterior'. Brick 
Exterior Fewures Farb • Enclosed. Balcony. ET lineation Controller 
Hot Visor Tank 
Management Professional On Site. Resident SuPerlotsodeol 
Pets Mewed Wm we Restrictions 
Scorer talen: CityMown Sewer 
Water ladles: City:Town Water 
WatertrOrt NO 
Water Men yes. River, Walk to 
Markel Information 
Other Property Info 
Doiesure Declaration: No 
Cudesures: Onegarage parking space conveys. Additional spaces for monthly rem available 
Elevator: Yes 
ExduSene: 
Latrdry Featates: in Urdt 
Lead Pant Nona 
UFF1 Warranty Feature) 
Veer BUIVCOnvened 1985,
Year Butt Source Public Record 
Year Butt Deco: Appronmate 
Veer Reon0: 
Shea Sate ralndrAOP ROO Ma 
Lenlee Owned No 
Tax Information 
Ph I: 
Assessed: $x324,900 
Tm: 3$8151.19 Tax Year: 2012 
Beek: 51310 Page: 377 
Gee 
Za lkig Code: RES 
Mep: Bled,: Let 
Daling Date. 542012 
Days on Markel: Popery has been on the matte; lor a tad «15 OWN 
ExpiraiOn DNB: 
Cigna Preto:53.304000 
Ca Market Dale: S.152012 
Sale Dale 1252012 
Sale Paco: $3.300.000 
baling Merkel Tee: MSV has been on ter 15 Owls) 
Orrice Markel tre* Circe has trued ibis progeny for 15 Mgt» 
Cat,. Paid to. Upgrades 
Seller Concessions at Oozing 
Fnanorg: Withheld 
Oltn‘/)1, 
1, 14 'MN .34 uttered non tried pub faeces rdacito ne set« tort cubit reccnb NS Roomy Mornotos Nchtork red es stbanten diadem any and an COire WY6ww,rarccsaieo treecorocr of ens irrometton Cereal 
02013 MI5 arcocrly Promo» anwork loc. 
EFTA01136677
--- PAGE 4 ---
Remarks 
MLS B 71200012 • Sold 
Conde • Other (See Remarks) 
975 Memorial Drive • UM 504 
COI PM* 51500.000 
Cambridge. MA: Harvard Square 021341 
SW/ Price 33.1035.403 
Middlesex County 
Unn Placement 
Total Rooms: 11 
Und Level 5 
Bedrooms ':4 
Grade Scheel: 
Sahrooms SI Oh 
Mese Stool: 
Master BMW Yea 
High School: 
Fieldirres 0 
Wok. Space Avert 
Handicap Atoass,Fealueos 
Oweetore: The Residences al Chivies Square see located behind the Hold Courtywd perking to resident,. *Mai 
Residences at Charles Squaw Spacious duplex with exclusive elevator access kilo the residence. 2,47Stqll on pnmary level. With 4s flexible floor plan and host of amenities, this condominium is a 
Miadertable and cheery place to Ow. LuxemousN sited MBA with Iwo ad*ont baths- Family room with and kitchen makes eMerlaining easy. Several borne olive or guest room oplions. Full-height 
windows Overtook Weinvedwe and the Gault, River. 2 private balconies facing Ilw ewer. Doorman. Garage 
Property Information 
Approx. Wag Area 2485 sq. IL (1/49.5190 IL) 
Approx. Acres: 
thing Area IncLon 
Hoar Zones: 3 Famed AY. NOM Pump. Eloolde. Other (Sao Ramat) 
Uung Area Source Measured 
Cool Zones' 3 Central Mr.* or Mere, Individual 
LIMN Area Olscbuses 1st Floor 2 2.076 So Fl. and Floor 4 509 Sq Fl
Garage Spaces: 2 Under. Garage Door Onion. Deeded 
Paean Spaces: 2 0114Uset. Deeded 
Lyceum UM 2 
Complex E Association Information 
ConWex Name: The Residences al Charles Square 
Macaw Yes Foo 53.411.49 
Foe Ycludes: Wan Sews'. Master Insurance. Security. Elevator. Exterior Maintenance. Landeceping. Snow Removal 
Urilstn COO1OO1' 71 Crowe Yes 
Units Osner 01314/ed: 59 S>urtt ManagerneM 
Room Levels. Dimensions and Features 
Ran 
LIMN Room: 
Diniru Room: 
Far* Room: 
Median: 
Neater Bedroom: 
hareem 2: 
Bedroom 3: 
Senna 4: 
Oath I: 
Bath 2 
Seth 3: 
Lardy. 
Libra. 
Le I 
Sue 
Features 
Bathroom • Full 
Bathroom • Half 
Bathroom • Full 
Features 
Other Property Info 
Plea llmonnin: Public Transportation. shopping. Wallegog TrNis. Medical Facility. Bike Park TStadon. 
University 
applarCes Range. Dishwasher. Disposal. Microwave. Refrigerator 
AMC. Socunty Doorman 
easement No. -
Bead: No 
Eltane Features Coca Breakers 
Eidortor: Brick 
Edema Pearce Deck 
Het Yeater Stark. Tart 
Inters Fealured Security System 
Managernert Proleselonai • Or, Sire 
Pelt Mooed Yes wt Restrictions 
Seim UtMos: CIty.Town Sower 
Water U1lbes CItyilown Waller 
Waterfronl Yee. River 
Waler Mow Yes. - 
Firm Remarks 
DaClosure Occutan Na 
POSSUMS: Unit Includes 2 venire panini spares sal and 119 Recorded as urms 503 and 
504 
Esdusone: mane 
Load Paint: None 
VFFI 
Weirerty Feasts 
Year EalnConyeried 1111i 
Year DJII Space: Puddle Record 
Year Burt Dow: ApproxImme 
Year Round'. 
snort Sale rotnerAche Req: No 
Lender Dana No 
ax Information 
Pb, 0: 
Azus': $1135X0 
Tex Satt7.47 Tat Year: 2011 
Bea: 22594 Page: 529 
Cod 
2onlea Code: Res CO 
Map: Broth: Lot: 
Assqualion has high reserves and high owner occupancy. 
Market Information 
hem Dare: 3,151011 
Days on meat Property had aeon on the marker fora total o1261 daylsl 
Expleadon Dale: 
Ordinal Nce: 53.$00,000 
CaMarket Dale: 5202011 
Sae Date: 562011 
Sere Price: 34.100,000 
Lang Market Tine: WU has been on for 
day(5) 
Office Maria Time: 011ioo his (sled this property for 251 days) 
Cosh PORI for Upgrades: 
Sate Conctitans L Caning 
Pnarting: Waal 
he venomn Mint/mom NtiCred men wird rely rams wagedde wk. rd pec rerdfx MS POPUty irrowtqaelitOrakerd eshblobndocrainaar Oro ea 
twtenles as WIN maraca ct els ntrnatian ewes' 02013 KS 
rrepsty Wiernatim mew" Its. 
EFTA01136678
--- PAGE 5 ---
Remarks 
MLS # 71162748 - Sold 
Condo - Mid-Rise 
975 Memorial Drive - Unit PH 1105 
List Pike: $3.595,000 
Cambridge. MA : Harvard Square 02138 
Sale Price: $3,450.000 
Middlesex County 
Unit Placement: Toplzenthouse 
Total Rooms: 5 
Unit Level: 11 
Bedrooms:3 
Grade School; 
Bathrooms 31 lit 
Middle School: 
Master Bath: Yes 
High School: 
Fireplaces: 2 
Outdoor Space Avail. 
Hanthcap AccessFealures: 
Directions: The Residences at Charles Square are located behind The Charles Hotel courtyard. 
Full service living at The Residences al Charles Sq. Sundrenched 3 bedroom penthouse with panoramic Boston. Charles River and Harvard Square views! The 
contemporary home has been renovated with meticulous craftsmanship. Direct elevator access. Open gourmet kitchen. Floor-to-ceiling wrapping windows in the firepiced 
livingdining. The elegant lireplaced master bedroom suite a has a luxurious en-suite bathroom, oversized walk-in closet and features a large walk-out terrace. Deeded 
garage parking. 
Property Information 
Approx. Living Area:2275 sq. IL ($1,518.48/sq.11.) 
Liremg Area 
LMng Area Source: measures 
LiVing Area Disclosures: 
Approx. Acres: 
Heal Zones: Heat Pump 
Cool Zones: Central Mr 
Garage Spaces: 1 Under 
Parking Spaces: 1 Deeded 
Levels in Unit: 1 
Complex & Association Information 
Complex Name:The Residences at Charles Square Units in Complex:71 Compere Yes 
Unils Owner Occupied: 59 Source. Management 
Association: Yes Fee. $3.303 
Fee includes. Water. Sewer. Master Insurance. Security. Elevator. Exterior Maintenance. Landscaping. Snow Removal 
Room Levels. Dimensions and Features 
Room 
Level 
Size 
Features 
Features 
Association Pool: No 
Basement: No . — 
Beach. No 
Eileen's. Brick 
Exletior Features. Deck 
Flooring: Wood, Wall to Wall Carpet 
Pets Atowed: Yes w, Restrictions 
Waler 
City.Town Water 
Waterfront: No 
Market Information 
Other Property Info 
Adult Community. No 
Disclosure Deciaraton No 
Disclosures: 
Exclusions: Please Inquire 
Lead Paint: Unknown 
UFFI: Unknown Warranty Fealutes. No 
Year BuiltConverted.1985.! 
Year Built Source: Public Record 
Year Built Dese: Approximate 
Year Round. 
Short Sale winck.App.Req: No 
Lender Owned: No 
Tax Information 
Pin S. 
Assessed: $2.455,900 
Tax: $20052.58 Tax Year 2010 
Book: 0 Page. 0 
Gen: 
Zoning Code: Residentla 
Map: Block. Lot. 
Using Date: 11/1512010 
Days on Markel. Property has been on the market lot a total of 70 day(s) 
Expiration Date: 
Original Price: $3,595,000 
On Markel Date: 1/24/2011 
Sale Dale: 1/2712011 
Sale Price. $3,450,000 
Listing Mantel lime. MLS# has been on for 70 day(s) 
Orrice Markel Time: Once has listed Ms properly for 70 day(s) 
Cash Paid for Upgrades: 
Seller Concessions at Closing: 
Financing: Corm. Fixed 
The wiCat4004 h the. /Sling wee vthered nun Ind piety sows ircsafiru the seer and mink records. 11$ risen. iricriison networkand its Subfaten dSCRim OM end Mlrmmfentatons or marramits se to the mturecyd 
tres osmium.% Content 02013 MS Property Infaillatiail Ilebe.014. NC. 
EFTA01136679
--- PAGE 6 ---
Remarks 
AILS I 71075870 Sold 
Condo - Other (See Remarks) 
975 Memorial Chive . Unit MOO 
Litt Price 24.500400 
Cambridge. MA Harvard Square 02138 
Sale Rico:84.250.000 
Middlesex County 
Unit Maternal TopPonthouse 
Total Rooms: 9 
Unit Lem, 10 
Bedrooms .3 
Grade Scrod: 
Baliveoms: 311h 
MWe School 
Master WM: Yee 
High Schad 
Freplates: 2 
CrAdOM Space Aver 
Handicap AecosaRialurec.: 
Directors The Residences at Charles Square are located behind the Hotel. Courtyard prang for residens only' 
ol largest units in Residences at Charles Square.Stone's lino from Harvard Sq. Extraordinary views of Charles River. Boston & Harvard playing lands. 4.014 sq.11 on I level.Expansive sing space 
rarely Mind in even most spacious BoMon a Cambridge luxury unies.sorod by 2 elovators.Huge emenaining spaces.2 areplacesiMautnuty updated.Many buillans for books. storage. an display.2 
generous balconies:I huge.3 lulesite parking spaces in security garage& stooge soots Dorman 
Property Inlormation 
Faros Living Area: 4015 er3 H. ISIP3033int ft) 
Avow. Acres 
Shag Area Maas, 
Neat Zone: 4 Forced Au, Hoar Pump. Elmore. Individual Other Mee Remarks) 
Slog fl ea Sault* Measured 
Cod Zoos 4 Central Air. Individual 
Linn, Oct Cocknoire Does lad include epedous desk, 
Garage SIMON 3 Sneer, Canoe Dow Opener. Deeded 
Paging Spaces -.3 ott.sucer. Deeded 
Levels in lint I 
Complex & ASSOCIalitin Information 
Complex Name: The Residences at Charles Square 
Unts n Complex 71 COmets,* Yes 
Leas OnnorCeo-pc3 59 So.ne Management 
AstroDalen Ye. Fee $5461.25 
Fee led °OM WOW. Sewer. Master kuurince. Security. Elevator. Exterior Maintenance. Landscaping, Snow Removal 
Room Levels. Dimensions and Features 
Room 
Level 
SIZO 
Features 
Uurg Room: 
Fireplace 
bring Roan: 
Fireplace 
"Oldie,: 
- 
fl
an: 
- 
800100M 2 
I 
-
800100m 3: 
.. 
Bahl: 
Bathroom . Full 
Bali 2: 
Bathroom -Full 
Saha: 
Bathroom . Full 
eaerdel: 
- 
SYST00111: 
BathrOOT • Hatt 
library: 
I 
- 
Features 
Nei Amanda,: Public Transportation. Shopping. wonemg Trans. Medical Facility. BIM PAM T.Station. University 
PlaSiends Renee. Dishwasher. DiepOtral, Memento, Refrigerator, Washer. Dryer 
Assoc. Security: Doorman 
Basement No , - 
Soach: Mo 
Electric Features tarok Breaker. 
FIRMA!: MCA 
Exleciot Features Deck 
Flooring: Wood. Tile. Marble 
PM Water Electric. Tank 
tiles ar Features: Security System 
Management: Probational .0n See 
Pets Mowed:Yon Reetrictions 
Sewer Ualdes City/Tom Sear 
WSW Willies Citylown Water 
Waterfront: Yea. River 
MAY Yea Yes. - 
Firm Remarks 
Other Properly Into 
134selasure Declarant,  No 
Dietitians Unit Includes 3 garage parking spaces el. 6, $3 
Exthasiem Hone. Custom Elan audio equipment will slay. 
Lead PAM None 
LIFFI, No Warranty Senor. 
YesakinConvened 1985 
Year SA Source: Public Record 
Year (kill DeeC Approximate 
Year Round: 
Short Sale mind! Apo Poi Ho 
Lender owned: No 
Tax Information 
Pin 
Assessed 24.575,600 
Tar $37191.73 TAX Year 2010 
BOCA: 21065 Page 247 
Oen: 
ZOring Code: Res C-3 
Map: Sack Lot: 
Association hal high resantes and high owner occupancy. 
Market ifilernialitel 
Meng Dale 5712010 
Coo on Market Properly has been on the flumes tor a tOtal of IS Wale/ 
Expiation Dale: 
Original Price: 54.500.000 
O'Meara Dan: 602010 
Sale Dale W2$2010 
Sale Price 24.250,000 
Lifting Market Tkne: MISS has been On *X 25 day(S) 
Dike Manua Time Oboe has bled INS property for 25 OMNI 
Cash Paid for Upgrades: 
Seam Concemon at Closing: 
RearICE•T Withheld 
ten rectnaln 4, ins Istrq art gaturd San lied otterno• m1a1nothr win ard mart rust MS Pretty 1,1centenn li st aid its it 
bn &OSA Int rod a...iv...rake, is man...Ilea tolN aauwvdennknndgert (alert 41013 MS 
Propsty /Mamas:et Mtn" M. 
EFTA01136680

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136681.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 03 Apr 2013 20:51:35 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136681

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136682.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson •te 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Ben's distribution 
Date: Wed, 03 Apr 2013 20:56:29 +0000 
Attachments: img-403162730-0001.pdf 
I have attached my notes to Leon which were meant to give him a simple explanation as well as the notes 
themselves and email trails I had in my file. I will separately forward what went on last year with the same note. 
I do not remember whether I sent you copies of the trust doc itself, if you need, just let me know. 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM [mailto:NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM®apollolp.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2013 4:28 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 13 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com/ 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01136682

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136683.pdf
----------------------------------------
IPI 
International Peace Institute 
Report on 2012 Program Activities 
April 2013 
EFTA01136683
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136684
--- PAGE 3 ---
CONTENTS 
Introduction 
Programs 
1. Coping with Crisis 
2. Humanitarian Affairs 
3. Middle East 
4. Africa 
5. Europe and Central Asia 
Vienna Office 
Training Program 
Impact 
Publications 
Outreach 
Events 
IPI Publications 
IPI Website and The Global Observatory 
IPI Webcasting 
Annex I: Events 
Annex II: Global Observatory Articles 
EFTA01136685
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01136686
--- PAGE 5 ---
Introduction 
In 2012, the output of IPI's research programs was comprised of 30 publications, including four 
book-length projects: a management handbook for UN field missions, an analysis of UN 
mediation efforts in Myanmar, an English translation of former African Union Chairman Jean 
Ping's memoir, and an online guide to UN counter-terrorism activities. IPI also completed a 
compendium of the Middle East peace process to be published by Oxford University Press in 
2013. 
As in previous years, IPI offered its constituents an exceptionally rich and diverse program of 
events. The Institute hosted more than 125 events at its offices in New York and Vienna, as 
well as in Istanbul, Luxembourg, and Berlin, and welcomed more than 3,000 participants to its 
meetings. The events ranged from discreet expert roundtables to ministerial-level meetings 
such as the biannual Middle East dinner, which hosted in September more than 30 foreign 
ministers and representatives of international organizations. 
IPI continued to enhance the impact of its events and publications by increasing its presence on 
the Internet with its two platforms: the IPI website (redesigned in 2009), which now features live 
webcasting of all public events; and the Global Observatory (launched in 2011), where program 
staff published 135 analyses over the past year. The number of visits to both sites reached 
185,000 by the end of the year,—almost twice as many as in 2010—with visitors from all parts 
of the world. 
In addition to its existing projects and programs, IPI launched in 2012 several new activities. 
The Institute is reviving its training activities and started a new summer course for mid-level 
diplomats. A pilot five-day session took place in July at Greentree Estate, and the course will 
officially be launched in 2013 if IPI receives additional funding. IPI also launched a new 
humanitarian affairs program, as well as a new series of events on women, peace, and security. 
Another notable achievement in 2012 was IPI's efforts to initiate new activities in the field and 
to better connect discussions in New York or Vienna with local realities. Since 2011 IPI has 
sponsored the development of the Forum for Arab Citizenship in Transition (FACT), an informal 
network of civil-society leaders in Egypt and Tunisia. With IPI's support and in cooperation with 
UN Women, FACT conducted in 2012 its first research and dialogue project on the constitution 
processes and equal rights for women. The Middle East program conducted a field study of 
youth in the Arab world, and the "Peace without Crime" project, led by the Vienna office, 
included case studies in Western Africa, Haiti, and Kosovo. 
EFTA01136687
--- PAGE 6 ---
Programs 
1. Coping with Crisis 
In 2012, the Coping with Crisis (CWC) program completed its seventh year of activities. Since 
the program began, CWC has generated analyses, policy ideas, and recommendations on how 
to strengthen the capacity of the United Nations, regional and subregional organizations, and 
their member states to address the challenges of conflict, instability, and insecurity. 
In 2012, the CWC program continued to 
1) provide analysis of threats to international peace and security, and tools for response; 
2) offer a platform for decision makers to engage and build consensus on strategies to 
enhance the capacity of multilateral bodies to respond to those threats; and 
3) support policy processes in the UN and member states' governments. 
To complement these activities, the program has continued to develop visual presentations 
that use maps, data, and graphics to present the program's research on security and 
socioeconomic challenges, regionally and globally. Fifteen presentations were given in 2012 to 
a broad range of audiences in New York, including diplomatic officials, members of parliaments, 
UN staff, civil society organizations, and students. 
Conflict Prevention 
In collaboration with UNDP's Bureau for Crisis Prevention and Recovery and USAID's Office of 
Conflict Management and Mitigation, IPI's project on "Innovative Technology and Conflict 
Prevention" is looking at how new technologies, such as text messaging, social media, crowd-
sourcing data, and mapping, can be put to the service of conflict prevention. The project 
consists of five cases studies addressing (1) criminal violence (Latin America), (2) repressive 
environments (Kyrgyzstan), (3) conflict (Sudan), (4) long-term prevention and early warning 
(Kenya), and (5) the potential of "big data" for conflict prevention. In June, the project convened 
a meeting for a group of twenty-five experts in conflict prevention and new technologies, who 
provided comments on the project concept and suggestions for the case studies' terms of 
reference. The cases have been commissioned and will be published in 2013. 
In late 2011, IPI launched a cycle of four seminars called the International Expert Forum (IEF) 
in collaboration with the Folke Bernadotte Academy, the SecDev Group, and the Social Science 
Research Council. The seminars assemble insights from practitioners and scholars from the 
North and South across the entire conflict cycle, from conflict prevention to postconflict 
peacebuilding. They provide an opportunity to take stock of the latest research and emerging 
practices from the field with a view to expanding knowledge, honing skills, and improving 
methods of practice. The target audience includes senior decision makers and practitioners 
working on the frontlines within the UN system. In June 2012 the second seminar was convened 
and a meeting report was then published on the theme of "Mitigating the Consequences of 
EFTA01136688
--- PAGE 7 ---
Violent Conflict." The third International Expert Forum took place in December 2012 and 
focused on the role of peace operations in preventing and addressing causes of conflict. 
CWC also completed an edited volume entitled Responding to Genocide: The Politics of 
International Action, to be published in 2013. The book provides policymakers, analysts, and 
academics with a practical assessment of the political challenges faced by international 
organizations, nation states, and civil society groups as they seek to prevent or detect and stop 
mass atrocities. 
Mediation 
In early 2012, CWC published a comprehensive policy paper examining the UN's experiences in 
five cases of unconstitutional changes in government between 2008 and 2011: Kenya, 
Mauritania, Guinea, Madagascar, and Kyrgyzstan. While the United Nations has extensive 
experience in helping to mediate an end to civil wars and implement peace agreements, its 
experience with non-civil-war transition crises is comparatively limited and less analyzed. With 
this study, IPI aimed to fill that gap. The cases suggest that the use of power-sharing 
mechanisms to resolve either unconstitutional ousters of elected presidents or electoral disputes 
raises questions for legitimacy, democracy, and state-society relations. The cases also reveal 
the UN's often-remarkable ability to work collaboratively and effectively with regional and 
subregional organizations in mediation efforts. 
Continuing this exploration of the UN's role in mediation, IPI started investigating cases to 
produce recommendations for strengthening and professionalizing UN good offices and 
mediation. The first case study, published in November 2012, is an analysis of the 20 years of 
good offices in Myanmar, one of the longest such diplomatic efforts in the history of the 
organization. With Myanmar now in the midst of major political, economic, and social reforms, 
and questions invariably being raised about the future of those "offices," this book-length paper 
offers a timely opportunity to revisit the history and achievements of the past 20 years of 
mediation efforts. 
Peace Operations 
CWC's work on peace operations continued focusing on the issue of management, and also 
began new projects on the challenges for the UN in generating sufficient, high-quality military 
and police capabilities for its peace operations. 
In August 2012, IPI released the first peacekeeping handbook devoted to strengthening the 
management performance of the UN's field missions: The Management Handbook for UN 
Field Missions. The handbook was launched at an October event in New York, and with 
assistance from the UN, the handbook has been disseminated to all United Nations 
peacekeeping, peacebuilding, and political missions. A French-language version of the 
handbook, made possible with funding from the Government of Canada, is nearing completion 
and will be disseminated in 2013. 
EFTA01136689
--- PAGE 8 ---
On the topic of force generation, IPI was commissioned jointly by the UN's Department of 
Peacekeeping Operations' (DPKO) Office of Military Affairs and Division for Policy, Evaluation 
and Training to undertake two important studies. The first study fulfilled a request of the UN 
Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations (C-34) for an independent assessment of the 
effectiveness of the UN's Standby Arrangements System, created by DPKO in 1993. IPI's 
recommendations on re-envisioning the Standby Arrangements System to make it a more 
effective tool for the Secretariat were subsequently presented in a briefing to members of the C-
34, and some are currently in the process of implementation. A second, broader study was then 
commissioned to assess and provide recommendations on improving the UN's system of 
generating police and military capabilities for its missions. 
With the goal of assisting in strategic force generation, IPI developed the Providing for 
Peacekeeping Project (PPP), for which the Institute created a network of intemational 
researchers to generate and disseminate new knowledge about UN member states and their 
approach to UN peacekeeping. The aim of the research is to broaden the base of troop- and 
police-contributing countries (TCC/PCCs), improve the quality of troop and police contributions, 
and fill key capability gaps. The initiative was launched at an IPI meeting with key DPKO staff 
and researchers in February. The project's first draft report, "Broadening the Base of United 
Nations Troop- and Police-Contributing Countries," was published in August 2012. Thematic 
reports such as this will be featured on the project's website, along with a robust database of the 
history of troop and police contributions to the UN, as well as country-specific profiles of UN 
TCC/PCCs. 
IPI also continued its Being a Peacekeeper Series, organized since 2010 in partnership with 
the Pearson Centre (Canada). The series gathers senior government officials of countries within 
a specific region to share lessons and discuss ways of enhancing the region's participation in 
UN peacekeeping. It also facilitates outreach from the UN Secretariat to troop- and police-
contributing countries (TCCs). In 2012 the series focused on current and potential European 
TCCs, culminating in a roundtable in Berlin attended by senior officials from 16 European 
countries and joined by a UN DPKO delegation led by the Under-Secretary-General, Nerve 
Ladsous. 
IPI convened multiple ad hoc workshops and roundtables on peace operations topics, such as 
the protection of civilians, UN command and control, and peacekeeping transitions. IPI's peace 
operations experts produced country-specific policy papers and reports for external publications 
on peacekeeping issues in Burundi, Chad and the Central African Republic, and the Democratic 
Republic of Congo. 
Peacebuilding 
CWC's work on peacebuilding provides policy support to partners in their efforts to improve 
interventions in postconflict countries. It focuses specifically on providing direct support to the 
UN Peacebuilding Commission (PBC) and Peacebuilding Support Office (PBSO) by facilitating 
informal dialogue among member states and UN officials on peacebuilding issues, and by 
supporting ongoing policy development within the UN system. Throughout the year, IPI staff 
EFTA01136690
--- PAGE 9 ---
were routinely sought out by UN member states for advice on the challenges facing the 
peacebuilding architecture. IPI also partnered with Permanent Missions of Burundi and 
Switzerland (the chair of the Burundi configuration at the PBC) to the UN to organize a high 
level roundtable on Burundi's peacebuilding strategy in October. The roundtable offered 
Burundi an opportunity to present its new strategy and update its development partners before a 
subsequent donors' conference. 
State Fragility 
In 2012, IPI cooperated with the International Dialogue on Peacebuilding and Statebuilding, 
comprised of the g7+ group of 19 fragile and conflict-affected countries, development partners, 
and international organizations. Following the launch of the New Deal for Engagement in Fragile 
States (2012-2015) in Busan, Korea, IPI advised and supported bilateral donors, the UN 
system, the OECD, and the g7+ as they started the process of implementing the New Deal 
commitments in 2012. 
In January 2012, IPI partnered with UNDP's Bureau for Crisis Prevention and Recovery to host 
the first discussion of the New Deal in New York, a half-day policy dialogue with UN actors 
and member states. IPI provided advice to the Secretariat of the g7+, and was asked to help 
convene a meeting intended to support the efforts of the g7+ to speak with a common voice 
within UN circles. An IPI study on Aid Effectiveness in Fragile States, which highlighted the 
use of transition compacts and their impact on mutual accountability in particular country 
situations (Afghanistan, Iraq, Liberia, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Timor-Leste), 
drew substantial attention in the UN policy community. 
A secondment arrangement with USAID provided a unique opportunity to share ideas 
developed through IPI research and analysis with the US administration and to enrich IPI's work 
through the contributions of a USAID fellow. The fellow produced a policy paper on the 
correlations between organized crime, conflict, and fragility, which argued that organized 
crime does not merely undermine the strength of the state in conflict-affected and fragile 
contexts; it further impacts the critical and often contested relationship between the state and 
society. 
Rule of Law, Peace, and Justice 
In the first half of 2012, IPI twice hosted then ICC Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo for 
private roundtable discussions as well as public policy forums that addressed the question of 
peace and justice and the difficult issue of enforcing ICC arrest warrants. 
IPI also partnered with the Mission of Liechtenstein to the UN to explore challenges and 
opportunities in the relationship between the Security Council and the ICC. The 
roundtable meeting, which also included a high-level lunchtime discussion featuring newly 
elected ICC Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda, was held in November. It analyzed how the process 
of referring situations to the ICC by the Security Council can be improved and how the Security 
Council and other actors can better support the ICC once a situation has been referred to it. An 
action-oriented meeting note was published in 2012. 
EFTA01136691
--- PAGE 10 ---
IPI also provided input to and commentary on the policy debate leading up to the adoption of a 
High-Level Declaration on the Rule of Law through Global Observatory analyses and an issue 
brief entitled "Advancing the Rule of Law Agenda at the 67th General Assembly." 
UN Security Council and Civil Wars 
CWC's Security Council Compliance Project is a multiyear quantitative research project aimed 
at assessing the council's performance in civil wars after the Cold War. The findings of this 
project aim to improve understanding of the factors that influence the Security Council's work, 
its interaction with conflict parties, and these parties' calculations on settling or continuing 
conflicts. 
Analysis rests on the IPI Security Council Compliance Database, a "large-n" database of all 
Security Council resolutions addressing civil wars from 1989-2006, with both intervening and 
explanatory contextual factors, and compliance scores based on a rigorous coding methodology 
developed by the project and some 6,000 pages of source documentation on the Security 
Council's civil-war-management efforts. In September, IPI published the full database online, as 
well as a data visualization portal and the full project methodology. 
Transnational Organized Crime 
IPI's project on transnational organized crime (TOC) focuses on developing more effective 
multilateral responses to TOC and the new threats it poses, most notably in conflict zones and 
fragile states. In 2012, CWC's work on TOC proceeded along two tracks: 
1) International Law-Enforcement Cooperation. In 2010 and 2011, IPI provided the 
nonpartisan environment and expertise to host meetings of top international law-
enforcement experts and practitioners. Here, they considered proposals for new strategies 
to reshape global law-enforcement cooperation to make it more effective in countering 
transnational organized crime. Building on these activities, a meeting with the full network of 
international experts was held in New York in February 2012, and a meeting report and the 
"founding document" of the network were produced and distributed. The network met again 
in New York in July 2012, and a report on the outcome of the meeting with proposals and 
recommendations was produced. 
2) Cybercrime and Cyber Security. IPI held a panel discussion on cybercrime and cyber 
security titled "Viruses, Botnets, and Logicbombs: Defining the International Cyber Threat." 
The seminar, which took a nontechnical look into the world of malware, aimed to enhance 
knowledge on the topic within the UN community. IPI has also published an issue brief on 
the meeting. 
Global Counterterrorism 
Over the past decade, the UN's work to combat global terrorism has expanded dramatically. 
Through the initiatives of the General Assembly and Security Council, a complex institutional 
architecture has been formed that draws on the expertise of a range of UN entities and brings a 
new series of actors into the focus of counterterrorism work. In this context, in 2012 IPI 
EFTA01136692
--- PAGE 11 ---
published an online, book-length report, which provides a comprehensive guide to the United 
Nation's counterterrorism activities. 
Climate Change and Security 
CWC's work on climate change and security seeks to provide support to policymakers through 
research and convening on a variety of issues related to environmental change and resource 
scarcity. Ahead of the UN Conference on Sustainable Development held in Rio de Janeiro, 
Brazil, in June (Rio+20), IPI published a meeting report entitled "Strengthening International 
Environmental Governance: Exploring System-wide Responses." The report was the result 
of a meeting that aimed to stimulate informal discussions on strengthening multilateral 
environmental governance with reforms of the UN framework. 
In October, the Climate and Security project, in conjunction with the Humanitarian Affairs 
program, co-hosted a roundtable on "Migrants in Times of Crisis." The event was part of the 
International Dialogue on Migration, the International Organization for Migration's principal 
forum for migration policy dialogue since 2001. The IPI event provided an opportunity for multi-
stakeholder, informal discussions on current issues surrounding international migration. A 
meeting report was also published. 
2. Humanitarian Affairs 
In 2012, IPI further developed its new program dedicated to humanitarian affairs, launched in 
2011. The core objective of the Humanitarian Affairs program is to provide a platform in New 
York dedicated to fostering knowledge and discussion on how best to adapt the international 
humanitarian system to changing global realities. Following the publication in November 2012 of 
a policy paper entitled "Rethinking Humanitarianism: Adapting to 21" Century Challenges," 
IPI intends to build on some of the paper's key conclusions to advance policy debate and 
reforms. The paper was presented to the Humanitarian Liaison Working Group, a group of 35 
states and humanitarian agencies, in December 2012, and was discussed with the broader 
diplomatic and humanitarian community at a larger event in February 2013. 
Another feature of IPI's program is the Humanitarian Affairs Series, which, along the lines of 
IPI's well-established SRSG Series, offers a platform for UN Humanitarian Coordinators and 
other senior humanitarian practitioners to meet and engage with the UN and diplomatic 
community in New York. Launched in September 2012, this event series has featured 
humanitarian coordinators for Afghanistan and for the Sahel. 
IPI has also gained visibility in the humanitarian affairs field by co-organizing events on issues 
such as "humanitarian negotiations and access" with Medecins Sans Frontieres, "migration 
in times of crisis" with the International Organization for Migration, and "children and armed 
conflict," a topic on which IPI also published an issue brief, with the Belgian Mission and 
Watchlist on Children and Armed Conflict. IPI has participated in the Groups of Friends of 
Children and Armed Conflict meetings, and has been invited to participate in an Arria formula 
EFTA01136693
--- PAGE 12 ---
meeting of the Security Council on how to increase pressure on persistent perpetrators of 
violations against children. 
3. Middle East 
In 2012, the Middle East Program's policy facilitation work was conducted primarily through its 
biannual ministerial meetings on the situation in the Middle East, co-organized with 
Luxembourg and the United Arab Emirates, with foreign ministers from the region and from 
Europe. IPI's President also conducted policy facilitation through meetings held in New York 
and the Middle East over the course of the year. 
For the third consecutive year, IPI co-organized a thematic Security Council retreat in Istanbul 
funded by the government of Turkey in May 2012. The 2012 retreat focused on "The Middle 
East and North Africa: New Political Realities." It examined the catalysts for the Arab uprisings, 
the future prospects for the countries where the uprisings occurred, and the responses of local, 
regional, and international actors. 
A major accomplishment of the program was completing its central research project, a Middle 
East Peace Process compendium entitled The Quest for Peace — An Oxford Companion to 
the Middle East Peace Process, to be published by Oxford University Press in 2013. With the 
compendium, IPI aims to provide a guide to the peace process in an accessible format and a 
toolbox of options for forward movement on the peace process for policymakers, academics, 
and laypersons alike. 
Over the course of the year, the program also enhanced its research component with three 
projects related to the Arab Spring: the Forum for Arab Citizenship in Transition, Arab 
Intellectuals Series, and Arab Youth Project. 
Forum for Arab Citizenship in Transition (FACT) 
The Forum for Arab Citizenship in Transition (FACT) is a series of informal gatherings through 
which Arab women and men civil society leaders exchange knowledge, experiences, and 
initiatives aimed at enhancing their capacities to participate as equal citizens in the democratic 
consolidation taking place in some parts of the MENA region in the wake of the Arab uprisings. 
The project is part of an ongoing collaboration between IPI and UN Women, whose Arab region 
programme focuses on Women, citizenship, and participation. 
In 2012 FACT launched a research project on Gender and the Constitution in Egypt and 
Tunisia, with particular attention to the writing process and its impact on equal citizenship. For 
Tunisia, the research report has been completed in Arabic and translated into English. A parallel 
report is being finalized in Egypt. Both reports include an inventory of the different proposals for 
engendering the constitutional drafts being constructed in Egypt and Tunisia. These reports also 
contain an analysis of the extent to which these proposals have been taken into account by the 
relevant drafting committees; an identification of the remaining gaps and challenges ahead; and 
EFTA01136694
--- PAGE 13 ---
finally policy recommendations for addressing those gaps/challenges. In Tunisia some of the 
report's recommendations have already been shared with civil society advocates who brought 
them in September 2012 to the attention of members of the Constituent National Assembly. The 
lead researcher, a constitutional expert, has also used these recommendations in her public 
appearances. 
Arab Intellectuals Series 
The Arab Intellectuals Series provides a platform for writers and freethinkers from the Arab 
world to share their unique perspectives with the UN community at a crucial time in their history. 
In 2012, the series featured Jamal Benomar, the UN Special Representative of the Secretary-
General (SRSG) for Yemen; Samar Yazbek, a Syrian writer; and Bassma Kodmani, Syrian 
academic and former spokesperson for the Syrian National Council. In December 2012 the 
series will feature Abdul-Kareem al-Eriany, head of the Yemeni National Dialogue Committee. 
Arab Youth Project 
IPI's Arab Youth Project is a field-based research project that aims to provide policymakers with 
insights into the priorities of youth activists and their role as influencers within the Arab world's 
new political landscape. The first phase of the project focuses on the youth of Egypt and 
Tunisia—the standard bearers of the new Middle East whose success or failure will set the 
pattern for the region. In July and September 2012, IPI undertook fieldwork in Egypt and Tunisia 
to conduct more than 60 interviews with youth politicians and civil society activists. Initial 
findings have been disseminated with policy forums and talks at the UN Department of Political 
Affairs and at the UN Development Programme (UNDP), both of which expressed a particular 
interest in the project outcome, as well as at New York University and Columbia University. The 
research will be published in 2013. The program has also brought youth leaders from the Arab 
world to IPI to engage with the UN community. 
4. Africa 
In 2012, the Africa Program renewed its partnership with the Africa Union (AU). In March, an IPI 
delegation traveled to AU headquarters in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia to negotiate a new 
memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the AU. The new cooperation agreement identifies 
two main capacity-building priorities on which IPI will support the AU Commission: peace and 
security threats in the Sahel-Sahara region and the Gulf of Guinea, and the collaboration 
between the UN Security Council and the AU Peace and Security Council. In addition, the 
new MoU plans for additional publications and dissemination strategies, and for 
communications and website cooperation. 
In implementing the new MoU, IPI commissioned a research paper from the Mauritania-based 
think tank, the Centre for Strategies and Security in the Sahel-Sahara Region (Centre 4S), 
which examines the national and regional security threats in the Sahel-Sahara region; provides 
an overview of the various responses to address these threats; and further assesses these 
responses in light of their implications for local ownership and regional leadership. The research 
EFTA01136695
--- PAGE 14 ---
paper fed into a roundtable discussion on "Peace and Security Threats in the Sahel-Sahara 
Region: Assessing the Response, Devising the Way Forward," convened by IPI in 
September. IPI also produced a research paper on AU-UN peacekeeping and the partnership 
between the UN Security Council and the AU Peace and Security Council. 
In August, IPI published the English translation of former AU chairperson Jean Ping's memoir, 
And Africa Will Shine Forth. The book provides reflections on the history of Africa since 
independence and a critique of Africa's relations with the rest of the world. It calls for greater 
attention to the demands of statebuilding and regional integration as a way to a brighter future 
for the continent. In support of the AU Panel of the Wise, IPI prepared the publication of the 
panel's report on "Impunity, Justice, and National Reconciliation in Africa." 
IPI hosted one African Leaders Series event at its Trygve Lie Center in September, on the 
margins of the opening of the UN General Assembly. The high-level event featured Liberian 
President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, who presented on the role women in Liberia played in laying 
the foundations for sustainable peace and their invaluable contributions as meaningful actors in 
peace processes in the region. 
As part of its continuing strategy to raise the visibility of African issues in the UN community in 
New York, inform the debate, and promote understanding of critical issues in Africa, IPI 
convened eight expert roundtables and policy forums with various departments and agencies in 
the UN, permanent missions to the United Nations and the donor community. 
Thematic issues discussed at the events covered conflict prevention and the role of early-
warning and response mechanisms, citizenship and conflict in Africa, and AU-EU-UN 
cooperation in peacekeeping transitions. Other topics discussed at events included the 
protection of children from the Ugandan Lord's Resistance Army (LRA), the challenges facing 
Sudan and South Sudan following South Sudan's independence, the opportunities and 
challenges facing post-transition Somalia, and the situation in Mozambique twenty years after 
the General Peace Agreement signed in Rome in 1992. 
5. Europe and Central Asia 
In 2012, the Europe and Central Asia programme carried out work, funded by the Government 
of Switzerland, on lessons learned from displacement in the Balkans. In May, it hosted an 
informal workshop that brought together senior government representatives of Bosnia and 
Herzegovina, Croatia, Montenegro, and Serbia to reflect on the process of finding regional 
solutions to the problem of forced displacement in the Western Balkans. This resulted in the 
publication "Rebuilding Lives: Regional Solutions to Displacement in the Western Balkans," 
which, by listing the Balkans' factors of success, hopes to inspire other regions of the world to 
follow its example. 
EFTA01136696
--- PAGE 15 ---
In June, IPI's Vienna office, with the support and cooperation of the Austrian Federal Ministry of 
Defense and Sports, brought together experts from the private sector, intergovernmental 
organizations, think tanks, and the Austrian government to exchange views on strategic 
forecasting, with a special focus on Central Asia. An IPI strategic forecast of Central Asia will 
be published in 2013. 
IPI continues to promote confidence- and security-building measures (CBMs) in Europe and 
Central Asia. It hosted the launch of a new OSCE Guide on Non-Military CBMs and is exploring 
how such measures could be applied in Cyprus, Kosovo, and Moldova as part of a new project 
entitled "Breaking the Ice: New Approaches to Frozen Conflicts in the OSCE Area," which is 
described in detail in IPI's 2013 core proposal. 
EFTA01136697
--- PAGE 16 ---
Vienna Office 
In its second full year of operations, the IPI Vienna Office continued its work on conflict 
prevention (particularly in Europe and Central Asia), and organized crime (through the Peace 
without Crime project), and added a third pillar to its work—energy security. 
The 2012 Vienna Seminar was entitled "The Uprisings: The Future of North Africa and the 
Middle East." This 42nd annual seminar focused on vulnerabilities and triggers behind the 
uprisings and regional and international responses. It examined what had changed in the year 
since the uprisings, current events (like the crises in Libya and Syria), and future prospects. The 
event was attended by over 100 participants including senior government officials from the 
region, representatives of the diplomatic corps, experts from think tanks, journalists, and 
students. 
In 2012, the Peace without Crime project on transnational organized crime published a guide 
to analyzing organized crime in fragile states entitled Spotting the Spoilers. Discussions on the 
guide were held in Bern, Geneva, Oslo and Vienna, and a training course using the guide was 
held at the Austrian Center for Peace and Conflict Resolution. Furthermore, case studies on the 
impact of organized crime on peace operations were carried out in Haiti, Guinea-Bissau and 
Kosovo. Research was also done on how the UN deals with organized crime in theatres where 
it does not have peace operations. Preliminary findings were presented at the International 
Forum for the Challenges of Peace Operations in Geneva. The final report and 
recommendations of the Peace without Crime project will be released by IPI in 2013. 
The Vienna Office also increased its activities in relation to humanitarian affairs. In addition to 
its long-standing support of the HOPEFOR initiative on the more effective use of military and 
defence assets for disaster relief, the Vienna Office hosted a meeting on lessons learned from 
displacement in the Western Balkans, it chaired a meeting (co-hosted by Switzerland and 
Norway) on the Nansen Initiative on disaster induced cross border displacement, and it took 
part in the inaugural meeting of the Consultative Committee of the Nansen Initiative in Geneva. 
Furthermore, the Vienna Office held discussions in Astana and Almaty (Kazakhstan) to promote 
regional cooperation for disaster preparedness and relief in Central Asia. 
In 2012, the Vienna Office finalized plans to launch a new Task Force on Energy and 
Security. Consistent with the methodology used for previous IPI Task Forces on Strengthening 
Multilateral Security Capacity, the Task Force on Energy and Security will involve experts from 
multilateral organizations, UN Member States, the private sector, and civil society (particularly 
think tanks and academia). In a series of meetings over two years, the Task Force will examine 
the inter-relationship between energy and security, focusing on specific case studies where 
energy is a potential source of conflict (such as West Africa; the Arctic; the Mediterranean, 
Middle East and North Africa; Central Asia, the Caucasus and the Caspian; and Sudan), and 
propose recommendations for improving multi-lateral cooperation in this field. The Task Force 
was officially launched at the World Future Energy Summit in Abu Dhabi on January 16, 2013. 
EFTA01136698
--- PAGE 17 ---
Training Program 
In 2012, IPI held a pilot session of the Advanced Training Course on Diplomacy, Negotiation, 
and Conflict Resolution, a new professional development opportunity for member state 
representatives. The course proved to be very successful and complemented IPI's program of 
expert roundtables and seminars on policy issues related to the UN and topics related to IPI's 
policy research. Based on the positive results of 2012, IPI is currently fundraising to launch a 
more complete school of diplomacy in 2013. In addition, when funding becomes available, IPI 
plans to increase fellowship opportunities and to propose customized, in-capital training courses 
to its donors and partners. 
Advanced Training Course on Diplomacy, Negotiation, and Conflict Resolution 
In July IPI held its first five-day Advanced Training Course on Diplomacy, Negotiation and 
Conflict Resolution (as a pilot course) at Greentree Estate in Long Island. Seventeen mid-level 
diplomats (two from capitals and fifteen from permanent missions to the UN), representing 
Africa, Asia, Europe, Latin America and the Middle East, participated. The course effectively 
combined theory and practice to meet its twofold objectives of 
1) deepening participants' insights and knowledge regarding contemporary conflicts and crises, 
and best practices in prevention, mediation and negotiation; and 
2) developing practical skills, such as negotiation techniques, effective public speaking, and 
creating visual presentations. 
Diplomats had the opportunity to engage with leading experts on theory and best practice in 
conflict analysis, mediation and negotiation, and relate the theory to practical challenges in 
today's international system, especially in North Africa, the Middle East and South Asia. The 
global diversity of participants and the networking opportunity enriched the overall course 
experience. Based on evaluations and feedback, the course had a positive impact on 
professional skills development in the areas of negotiations, public speaking, and developing 
visual presentations. The mid-July timeframe attracted participants deeply immersed in current 
multilateral issues at the United Nations, who were ready for an intellectually challenging and 
interactive course that deepened their insights, broadened their perspective on the tools of the 
United Nation System, and honed their individual diplomatic skills. 
Visiting Fellowship 
From June to September IPI hosted a visiting fellow on sabbatical from the United Nations 
system, who conducted research on security in fragile states with a focus on Mali. 
New York Seminar 
Bringing together representatives of 40 states and international organizations, as well as 
independent experts and academics, IPI focused its 171" annual New York Seminar, which took 
place in April 2012, on political transitions in the Middle East. 
The seminar, which receives funding from the Government of Finland, as well as from the 
EFTA01136699
--- PAGE 18 ---
broader contributions of Sweden and Norway, deepened the expertise of participants on this 
critical policy issue and provided them with an opportunity to develop their professional 
relationships. Transitions in Egypt, Tunisia, Libya, Yemen and Syria were covered as individual 
case studies. 
The transitions were also analyzed from a comparative perspective via assessments of 
democratic transitions in Latin America and Southeast Asia. A new element, which was well 
received, was a hands-on negotiations exercise. A policy report, including the discussions at the 
seminar and additional research, entitled 'Managing Transitions in the Arab World," was 
published in summer 2012. 
EFTA01136700
--- PAGE 19 ---
Impact 
This section details the results of IPI's efforts to evaluate the direct impact of its 2012 activities, 
which aimed to support policymakers by producing analysis and ideas, and facilitating dialogue, 
on international peace and security issues. 
IPI uses the following five indicators to track and measure the intended impact of its activities: 
• Requests by the United Nations and member states for IPI to partner on initiatives that 
support the priority issues on their agendas. 
• Evidence that policy analysis and policy recommendations generated by IPI have been 
useful in informing the work of the UN and member states. 
• Cases where the UN, member states, and the media have solicited and relied on the 
knowledge and expertise of IPI staff. 
• Demand for IPI to convene meetings to promote a better understanding of an issue or to 
facilitate political consensus. 
• Ability to reach increasingly broad and diverse audiences through the dissemination of 
IPI's research, policy analysis, and meeting outcomes. 
Below is a compilation of illustrations of IPI's impact in 2012, organized in these defined 
categories. 
1) Partnerships 
Requests by the United Nations and member states for IPI to provide input to initiatives that 
advance the priority issues on their agendas 
• IPI was approached by the UN Department for Peacekeeping Operations (DPKO) in 2012 to 
submit an evaluation with recommendations on the UN Standby Arrangements System 
(UNSAS). This project was undertaken from January to March 2012. IPI's recommendations 
were positively received and are still under consideration by UN senior management. At a 
meeting in February 2012, DPKO reported the preliminary findings of IPI's review of the 
UNSAS and informed member states of IPI's recommendations. 
• During a visit by IPI's Africa Program to the African Union headquarters in Addis Ababa, 
Ethiopia in March 2012, the AU requested IPI's support and collaboration in working on the 
thematic issue of peace and security threats in the Sahel-Sahara. In September, IPI 
convened a roundtable discussion on the topic, and then prepared a meeting brief, which 
was widely distributed and shared with the AU Peace and Security Department in Addis 
Ababa. IPI is carrying out additional activities on the Sahel-Sahara in 2013. 
EFTA01136701
--- PAGE 20 ---
2) Policy Support and Capacity Building 
Evidence that policy analysis and policy recommendations generated by !PI have been useful in 
informing the work of the UN and member states, governments, and organizational partners—
assisting them in better understanding issues and achieving their objectives 
• In collaboration with the UN and the OECD International Network on Conflict and Fragility, 
IPI conducted a study on UN experiences with transition compacts, based on case 
studies of the UN's role in developing and implementing compacts in Afghanistan, Iraq, 
Liberia, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Timor-Leste. The research was later 
published as an IPI policy paper in 2012. The following give indications of the impact of the 
study on the work of the UN and the OECD: 
o Findings from the study were referenced by members of the International Dialogue and 
UN senior officials in discussions during the final negotiations of the New Deal for 
Engagement for Fragile States, endorsed in Busan, Korea, in November 2011. 
o It has been indicated to IPI that the study influenced the decision to incorporate support 
for transition compacts as one of the elements in the UN Secretary-General's five-year 
action agenda for the United Nations. 
o Findings were incorporated into the OECD DAC guidelines on "Intemational Support to 
Post-Conflict Transition: Rethinking Policy, Changing Practice," issued in March 2012. 
o The study informed discussions on establishing a transition compact for South Sudan, 
as well as ongoing discussions with Chad. The OECD Secretariat indicated that it used 
the findings from the IPI study as the basis for some of its recommendations to the UN 
regarding the United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS). 
o The report prompted an invitation to IPI to present the case studies at the July 2012 
ECOSOC/DESA Biennial Development Cooperation Forum. 
• IPI's 2012 publication, The Management Handbook for UN Field Missions, is the first 
peacekeeping handbook fully devoted to management issues, in support of the Secretary-
General's priority of management reform. The book aims to provide a useful, accessible 
guide to the techniques of management for mission personnel at multiple levels and 
includes a foreword by the Under-Secretaries-General of Peacekeeping, Field Support, and 
Political Affairs that encourages a wide read by those engaged in field operations. 
• The Middle East program has produced a compendium, The Quest for Peace — An Oxford 
Companion to the Middle East Peace Process, edited by IPI President Terje Rod-Larsen 
and Senior Policy Analyst Nur Laiq, which will be published by Oxford University Press in 
2013, just ahead of the 20th anniversary of the Oslo Accords. The goal is to provide both the 
specialist and the layman, from statesmen and negotiators to journalists and students, with 
access to primary source documents, as well as to use the documents themselves to tell the 
complex story of the search for peace in the Middle East. 
EFTA01136702
--- PAGE 21 ---
3) Analytical Resource 
Cases where the UN and member states, as well as the media, have solicited and relied on the 
knowledge and expertise of IPI staff 
• IPI President Terje Rod-Larsen, who serves concurrently as the UN Secretary-General's 
Special Envoy for Security Council Resolution 1559, continuously engages in consultations 
with leaders in the region and the UN Secretary-General on Middle East issues. His deep 
involvement in matters in the region places him in high demand to provide insight to 
governments and the media, and to give lectures and participate in seminars and 
conferences. 
• Former IPI Senior Fellow and former Permanent Representative of Yemen to the UN 
Abdullah Alsaidi was regularly quoted in press articles on the Arab Spring, particularly 
regarding Yemen, by major news outlets such as the New York Times and Reuters. He was 
often requested to meet with high-level visitors on the occasions of their visits to New York. 
In 2011 and 2012 these included meetings with the head of the MENA Division in the 
Swedish Ministry of Foreign Affairs, a German minister, and the Danish Foreign Policy 
Committee. Abdullah Alsaidi visited Oslo for consultations at the Norwegian Ministry of 
Foreign Affairs in 2012, and traveled to Berlin, Istanbul, Singapore, and Jakarta to meet with 
officials and speak at seminars. 
• In June 2012, the US State Department invited IPI Managing Director Francois Carrel-
Billiard to give a presentation at a seminar on the occasion of the Third P5 Conference on 
the implementation of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, hosted by Under Secretary 
of State Rose Gottemoeller. 
• Youssef Mahmoud, IPI Senior Adviser, was invited to participate in the Third AU High-Level 
Retreat of Special Envoys and Mediators held in Cairo, Egypt, from November 4-6,2012, 
where he presented on "Africa 360°: An Overview of 21 
Century Conflict Trends, 
Dynamics, and Challenges." 
• IPI Senior Policy Analyst on Humanitarian Affairs Jerdmie Labbe was invited by the UN 
Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) to participate in a policy 
conference in December 2012. Mr. Labbe was also consulted by OCHA in formulating the 
main objectives of the conference. 
• IPI Senior Director of Research Francesco Mancini has been invited to give the IPI 
presentation on global trends to, among others, the African Union, the UNDPKO's 
Training (both for senior leadership in New York and mission staff in Brindisi, Italy), OCHA, 
the UN Office of Rule of Law and Security Institutions, parliamentarians from the 
governments of Finland, the Netherlands, Norway, and Sweden, and Columbia and New 
York Universities. 
• In July 2012, Francesco Mancini was invited to participate as a panelist at the conference, 
"Delivering a Well-Managed and Effective UN: Building International Consensus," at Wilton 
EFTA01136703
--- PAGE 22 ---
Park, UK. Mr. Mancini has also provided informal advice, including facilitating the production 
of two IPI background papers, to Kim Won-soo, Special Adviser to the UN Secretary-
General on Change Implementation. 
• IPI Adviser to the Middle East Program, Jose Vericat, was cited in an August 2012 article in 
Le Monde about the UN's search for a successor to Kofi Annan in Syria. 
• The United States Agency for International Development proposed to IPI to second 
Vanessa Wyeth, former IPI research fellow and expert on state fragility and peacebuilding, 
on a part-time basis from June—December 2011 to the USAID's Office of Conflict 
Management and Mitigation (CMM). This secondment provided a unique opportunity to 
channel ideas developed through IPI research, analysis, and discussions directly into US 
government policymaking on peacebuilding and state fragility. In return, IPI welcomed a 
USAID visiting fellow in 2011-2012. 
4) Demand for IPI Convening Activities 
Participant interest in IPI's meetings, which strive to promote a better understanding of issues or 
facilitate political consensus 
• IPI holds more than 100 events per year in New York with an average of 3,000 
participants per year. Records illustrate that member states are IPI's largest constituency 
(see Section VIII, "Events"), in keeping with IPI's mission to facilitate dialogue between 
delegations at the UN. Most participants come from European delegations, which are IPI's 
main donors, but IPI has seen substantial growth in participation from the Global South 
(with Asia, Middle East, Africa, and Latin America totaling roughly 40% of participants). 
• IPI's open- and closed-door meetings on the Middle East and the peace process, a main 
component of its policy facilitation work on the region, are routinely met with high demand by 
UN ambassadors, members of the diplomatic community and academia, and the media. 
• IPI's biannual ministerial working dinners on the Middle East have achieved capacity 
attendance since IPI introduced the forum in 2008. The dinners (funded by the UAE and 
Luxembourg) meet the need for an informal and confidential space for foreign ministers from 
the Middle East and Europe to discuss developments in the region and their implications for 
the prospects of reaching peace in the Middle East. 
• IPI's event series, the Special Representatives of the Secretary-General (SRSG) Series, 
helps inform the dialogue on peacebuilding and state fragility in New York by bringing the 
expertise and reality of the field to an otherwise isolated conversation. These events are 
particularly well attended by junior UN staff, who have the opportunity to directly engage 
with and learn from the SRSGs at IPI's events. The event discussions are widely quoted by 
the media, cross-posted on other websites, and have moved forward debates on the issues 
discussed. 
EFTA01136704
--- PAGE 23 ---
5) Outreach 
Ability to reach increasingly broad and diverse audiences through the dissemination of IPI's 
research, policy analysis, and meeting outcomes 
• IPI has made efforts to reach a broader and more diversified group through wider 
electronic disseminations of IPI publications. In 2012, the electronic dissemination of 
publications tripled to reach 5,275 unique contacts in 139 countries (see Section VI, 
"Publications"). 
• The Institute also increased its web presence through the dedicated IPI website and the 
development of the Global Observatory (GO), launched in September 2011. The number of 
visits to both sites has increased from 103,595 in 2010 to a total of 184,512 in 2012 
(projection based on figures for January—November 2012). 
• The electronic version of IPI's 2012 publication, "Organized Crime, Conflict, and Fragility: 
A New Approach" was cross-posted on the website of the United States Institute of Peace 
(USIP), on the human security gateway, and on Greta's Links. 
• In June 2012, the meeting note on Elections and Stability in West Africa, published in 
May 2012, was reviewed in "Democracy in Development," a blog hosted on the Council on 
Foreign Relations website. In August 2012, an article in the UN's Africa Renewal magazine 
also referred to the IPI report in its conclusion, drawing directly on the report's 
recommendations. The article, entitled "Is Democracy Under Threat in West Africa?," was 
then re-published in a number of regional and national online news outlets in Africa. 
• ReliefWeb has reposted several interviews from IPI's Global Observatory, including the 
interviews of Karin Landgren, Radhika Coomaraswamy, Antonio Guterres, John 
Prendergast, Ian Martin, and Louise Arbour. 
• In May 2012, PBS Frontline prominently featured IPI's interview with Luis Moreno-
Ocampo, Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, in an article on their website. 
• In May 2012, the GO Article, "Nagorno-Karabakh: An Unacceptable Status Quo," was 
featured on the International Relations and Security Network (ISN) weekly updates. 
• In July 2012, the United Nations Office in Burundi asked for permission to publish the Global 
Observatory interview with Karin Landgren, the outgoing UN SRSG for Burundi, in 
French in a local Burundian newspaper. 
EFTA01136705
--- PAGE 24 ---
Publications 
IPI Publications: 2006 - 2012 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
In 2012, IPI produced a total of 30 publications, including an unusually high number of books 
and book-length projects published in-house, which makes 2012 one of the most productive 
years 
on 
record. 
IPI 
program 
staff 
also 
published 
135 
analyses 
on 
www.theglobalobservatory.org over the course of the year. 
Meeting Notes 
1. "Conflict Prevention and Preventive Diplomacy: What Works and What Doesn't?," Robert 
Muggah, March 2012. 
2. "Strengthening Preventive Diplomacy and Mediation: Istanbul Retreat of the UN Security 
Council," Arthur Boutellis and Christoph Mikulaschek with Edward C. Luck, April 2012. 
3. "Transition Compacts: Lessons from UN Experiences," Rachel Locke and Vanessa Wyeth, 
April 2012. 
4. "Elections and Stability in West Africa: The Way Forward," Kendra Collins, May 2012. 
5. "Strengthening 
International 
Environmental 
Governance: 
Exploring 
System-Wide 
Responses," Chris Perry, June 2012. 
6. "Managing Transitions in the Arab World," Nur Laiq, June 2012. 
7. "UN Transitions: Mission Drawdown or Withdrawal," August 2012. 
8. "Preventing Conflicts in Africa: Early Warning and Response," Mireille Affa'a-Mindzie, 
August 2012. 
9. "Rebuilding Lives: Regional Solutions to Displacement in the Western Balkans," Walter 
Kemp, October 2012. 
EFTA01136706
--- PAGE 25 ---
10. "Mitigating the Consequences of Violent Conflict: What Works and What Does Not?," Robert 
Muggah and Birger Heldt, October 2012. 
11. "The Uprisings: The Future of North Africa and the Middle East," Walter Kemp, November 
2012 
Issue Briefs 
1. "Security-Sector Reform Applied: Nine Ways to Move from Policy to Implementation," Rory 
Keane and Mark Downes, February 2012. 
2. "Engaging Nonstate Actors on the Protection of Children: 
Towards Strategic 
Complementarily," Jeremie Labbe and Reno Meyer, April 2012. 
3. "Busan and Beyond: Implementing the 'New Deal' for Fragile States," Rachel Locke and 
Vanessa Wyeth, July 2012. 
4. "UN Peacekeeping Transitions: Perspectives from Member States," Arthur Boutellis, August 
2012. 
5. "Advancing the Rule of Law Agenda at the 67th General Assembly," Alberto Cutillo, 
September 2012. 
6. "Up in Arms: International Actions to Structurally Address Organized Violence," J. Brian 
Atwood and Erwin van Veen, forthcoming in December 2012. 
7. "Threats to Peace and Security in the Sahel," Mohamed Mahmoud Mohamed Saleh, 
forthcoming in December 2012. 
Policy Papers 
1. "UN Mediation and the Politics of Transition after Constitutional Crises," Charles T. Call, 
February 2012. 
2. "Spotting the Spoilers: A Guide to Analyzing Organized Crime in Fragile States," Walter 
Kemp and Mark Shaw, March 2012. 
3. "Aid Effectiveness in Fragile States: Lessons from the First Generation of Transition 
Compacts," Christina Bennett, April 2012. 
4. "Organized Crime, Conflict, and Fragility: A New Approach," Rachel Locke, July 2012. 
5. "Broadening the Base of United Nations Troop- and Police-Contributing Countries," Alex J. 
Bellamy and Paul D. Williams, August 2012. 
6. "Rethinking Humanitarianism: Adapting to 21st Century Challenges," Jeremie Labbe, 
November 2012. 
7. "Impunity, Justice, and National Reconciliation in Africa," report of the AU Panel of the Wise, 
forthcoming in December 2012. 
EFTA01136707
--- PAGE 26 ---
8. "Les Conflits et la violence politique resultant des elections," report of the AU Panel of the 
Wise, forthcoming in December 2012. [French Translation of "Election-Related Disputes and 
Political Violence."] 
Books and Book-Length Projects 
1. "Meeting the Challenge: A Guide to United Nations Counterterrorism Activities," Naureen 
Chowdhury Fink, 2012. 
2. The Management Handbook for UN Field Missions, edited by Adam C. Smith and Arthur 
Boutellis, 2012. 
3. And Africa Will Shine Forth: A Statesman's Memoir, Jean Ping, 2012. 
4. "A Good Office? Twenty Years of UN Mediation in Myanmar," Anna Magnusson and Morten 
B. Pedersen, 2012. 
EFTA01136708
--- PAGE 27 ---
Outreach 
Events 
From 2006-2011, the number of events organized by IPI significantly increased from 54 events 
in 2006 to 117 events in 2011. The opening of IPI's Trygve Lie Center for Peace, Security & 
Development in 2008 and the establishment of the new IPI Vienna office in 2010 have 
contributed to this upward trend. In 2012, the demand for IPI's convening reached an all-time 
high with at least 125 events organized in New York, Vienna, and other international locations. 
IPI again prioritized broadening and extending its outreach beyond audiences in New York and 
Vienna. This has been achieved through the expansion of IPI's virtual audience by using 
webcasting capabilities to broadcast public events live and reach off-site audiences. An 
audience of over 6,000 people view IPI's events online, and IPI continues to raise its social 
media profile through the active and consistent use of Facebook and Twitter. 
IPI launched two new event series in the fall of 2012. In September, IPI inaugurated the 
Humanitarian Affairs Series, which features resident and humanitarian coordinators. Building 
on IPI's previous activities to promote Resolution 1325, IPI's new Women, Peace & Security 
Series convenes women peacemakers and political leaders to discuss the role of women in 
peace processes and the relationship between conflict, peace, and gender. 
IPI Events 2006-2012 
140 
170 
117 
125 
106 
100 
100 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2011 
2012 
2010 
•in temporary space for half year during renovations 
EFTA01136709
--- PAGE 28 ---
Events by topic/region 
The following charts take into account the 125 events IPI organized this year in New York and 
Vienna. 
Fifty-nine events were tagged with a thematic topic and 54 events were tagged with a regional 
topic. Events with both a regional and a thematic focus are taken into account in both 
categories. 
For events with a regional focus, the leading themes were Middle East and Africa, followed by 
Europe and Central Asia. IPI's activities on Europe and Central Asia have increased with the 
opening of IPI's Vienna office. 
For events with a thematic focus, the leading themes were peacebuilding and peacekeeping, 
and humanitarian affairs and human rights. 
Peacebuilding 
and Peacekeeping 
39% 
Humanitarian 
Affairs &Human 
Rights 
a 
Women Peace 
and Security 
5% 
UN Security 
Council and UN 
Reform 
9% 
Transnational 
Organized Crime 
11% 
Rule of Law 
Events by Theme 
Events by Region 
EFTA01136710
--- PAGE 29 ---
Participation at IPI Events 
The analysis of attendance at IPI's events takes into account participants who register at New 
York-based events only. 
IPI holds more than 100 events per year in New York. Approximately 4,000 participants 
attended IPI events in 2012. 
In line with IPI's mission to facilitate dialogue between delegations at the UN, records illustrate 
that member states are IPI's largest constituency: 
• Delegates from member states account for 42% of total participation in all events. 
• Representatives from NGOs, research institutes, and academia comprise 26% of the 
total participation. 
• Officials from the United Nations and international organizations comprise 26% of 
the total participation. 
Member 
States 
42% 
Press 
2% 
Academics 
3% 
NW & 
Research 
Institutes 
26% 
UN & 
Orgs. 
26% 
2012 Attendance at IPI NY Events by Sector 
2012 Attendance of Member States by Region 
EFTA01136711
--- PAGE 30 ---
IPI Publications 
IPI has made efforts to reach a broader and more diversified group through wider electronic 
disseminations of IPI publications. In 2012, the electronic dissemination of publications 
tripled to reach 5,275 unique contacts in 139 countries. 
In 2012, recipients in North America received the largest number of electronic publications at 
47%, followed by contacts in Europe (34%). 
Publications were also sent to Algeria, Argentina, Bangladesh, Brazil, Chile, China, Egypt, 
Ethiopia, Ghana, India, Indonesia, Jordan, Kenya, Lebanon, Liberia, Nepal, Nigeria, Pakistan, 
South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, and Tanzania, reflecting growing ties with the Global South. 
While emphasizing electronic disseminations, IPI continues to send hard copies of select 
publications to specific groups. Delegates from member states receive the bulk of hard 
copies (68%), consistent with the fact that they are IPI's core constituency. 
Member States 
40% 
Recipients of Electronic Publications by 
Sector in 2012 
NGO/Reseerch 
Institutes 
19% 
Recipients of Electronic Publications by 
Region in 2012 
EFTA01136712
--- PAGE 31 ---
New IPI Meeting Briefs Offer Timely Insights 
To amplify the impact of its meetings and events, IPI introduced a new product for its 
constituents in September 2012. Key insights and policy recommendations from selected 
meetings are now synthesized in a concise meeting brief, punctually sent out by email to all IPI 
contacts in the days after the event. As a result, meeting outcomes now reach a wider audience 
in a timely fashion. The accessible style and delivery of the brief aims to help policymakers, 
diplomats, experts, and practitioners make more informed decisions on pressing issues in 
international affairs. 
In its pilot phase from mid-September until the end of October, IPI sent 11 meeting briefs to an 
average of 4,782 unique contacts. Readers have contacted IPI to give positive feedback on 
these "punctual analyses" that are "very useful" and "timely." 
Meeting Brief 
1. 
Peace and Security Threats in the Sahel-Sahara: Assessing the 
Response, Devising the Way Forward 
2. 
Diaries of the Syrian Revolution: A Talk with Syrian Author Samar 
Yazbek 
3. 
Voices from the Field: Protecting Children from Conflict and 
Strengthening Accountability of Armed Actors 
4. 
Burundi's Strategy for Poverty Reduction & Peacebuilding 
5. 
Empowering Women in Postconflict Justice 
6. 
Migrants in Times of Crisis: An Emerging Protection Challenge 
7. 
The Syrian Uprising: A Historic Juncture 
8. 
Accelerating Progress for Women, Peace & Security: Civil Society 
Participation in Nepal and the Great Lakes Region of Africa 
9. 
Somalia After the Transition: What Next?, 
10. 
Mozambique 20 Years After the Peace Agreement: Challenges and 
Opportunities 
11. Strengthening Rule of Law in Crisis-Affected Contexts: Experiences from 
DRC and Cate 
Date 
September 12 
September 20 
September 27 
October 10 
October 11 
October 15 
October 16 
October 19 
October 23 
October 25 
October 26 
EFTA01136713
--- PAGE 32 ---
IPI Website and The Global Observatory 
IPI has made efforts to increase its web presence through the dedicated IPI website and the 
creation of the Global Observatory (GO), launched in September 2011. 
The number of visits to both sites increased from 103,595 in 2010 to 184,916 in 2012. 
IPI Website & Global Observatory 
Annual Visits 
■ IPI ■GO 
130,488 
103,595 
115,797 
8,128 
54,024 
2010 
2011 
2012 (projected) 
I. IPI Website (www.ipinst.org) 
For a period of 12 months, from January 2012 to December 2012, IPI's website received 
130,119 visits from 192 countries with a total of 359,028 page views. Overall, traffic to IPI's 
website continues to increase. 
The top five countries that visit IPI's website are the United States (56,882 visits), United 
Kingdom (8,840 visits), Austria (5,028 visits), Canada (4,213 visits), and Germany (3,616 visits). 
Content from the website has been translated into 139 languages. 
People from 122 ODA Countries have visited the IPI website, viewing a total of 20,847 pages. 
This includes viewers from India, Kenya, Pakistan, Egypt, and Nigeria. 
Most Visited Program Pages 
1. Providing for Peacekeeping (1,717) 
2. Africa (594) 
3. Middle East (456) 
4. New York Seminar (429) 
5. Coping with Crisis: Compliance with Security Council Resolutions (364) 
EFTA01136714
--- PAGE 33 ---
Most Visited Publications 
1. The Management Handbook for UN Field Missions (2012) (2,663) 
2. The UN Security Council and the Responsibility to Protect: Policy Process and Practice 
(2011) (956) 
3. Broadening the Base of United Nations Troop and Police Contributing Countries (2012) 
(856) 
4. Aid Effectiveness in Fragile States: Lessons from the First Generation of Transition 
Compacts (2012) (821) 
5. Organized Crime, Conflict, and Fragility: A New Approach (2012) (811) 
Most Visited Events Pages (Visits) 
1. The Impact of the Uprisings: IPI Vienna Seminar 2012 - May 2012 (469) 
2. Preventing Conflicts in Africa: The Role of Early Warning and Response Systems — April 
2012 (296) 
3. Preventive Diplomacy: What Works and What Doesn't — December 2011 (254) 
4. Mousavian: Do Not Deny Iran's Legitimate Rights — June 2012 (249) 
5. Former Girl Solider: Kony, LRA Atrocities — "Pure Evil" — June 2012 (237) 
II. The Global Observatory (www.theolobalobservatory.org) 
The Global Observatory (GO) website, launched in September 2011, provides daily expert 
analysis on peace and security issues, interviews with leading policymakers, interactive maps, 
and more. From January 2012 to December 2012, the GO received 54,797 visits from 185 
countries with a total of 96,510 page views. 
The top five countries that visit the GO are the United States (24,034 visits), United Kingdom 
(2,790 visits), Switzerland (2,318), Australia (2,009), and Germany (1,755). Content from the 
GO has been translated into 107 languages. 
People from 114 ODA Countries have visited the GO website, viewing a total of 8,091 pages. 
This includes viewers from India, Kenya, Nigeria, Pakistan, and Egypt. 
Most Visited Sections 
1. Analysis (41,520) 
2. Interviews (16,176) 
Most Popular Articles 
1. IPI's Top 20 Issues to Watch in 2012: The Regions — January 4, 2012 (2,061) 
2. Northern Mali: Key is Strengthening Bamako; ECOWAS Plan Harbors Risks 
September 14, 2012 (1,314) 
3. Boko Haram: Interview with Dr. Comfort Ero, International Crisis Group — February 1, 
2012 (1,238) 
4. IPI's Top 10 Issues to Watch in 2012: The Multilateral Arena — December 21, 2011 
(1,122) 
EFTA01136715
--- PAGE 34 ---
5. Key Global Events to Watch in September — August 31, 2012 (803) 
6. The UN Needs a New Agenda for Peace — March 20, 2012 (734) 
7. The UN Conference on an Arms Trade Treaty: No Treaty... Yet? — August 16, 2012 
(718) 
8. Catching Up with Transnational Organized Crime: Time for New Thinking — April 27, 
2012 (702) 
9. ECOWAS and the Recent Coups in West Africa: Which Way Forward — May 8, 2012 
(675) 
10. A UN Peacekeeping Blacklist? — January 26, 2012 (557) 
EFTA01136716
--- PAGE 35 ---
IPI Webcasting 
The new webcasting system, launched in September 2011, allows IPI to broadcast events in 
real-time on IPI's website (www.ipinst.orq). Additionally, IPI posts the recorded event videos on 
YouTube, allowing viewers to share these videos on their own websites or social media outlets. 
Between September 1, 2011, and December 31, IPI broadcasted 75 public affairs events; 23 
events were broadcasted between September—December 2012. These webcasts were viewed a 
total of 2,434 times live and 19,813 times via recorded video on UStream and YouTube. 
Top Event Views (Live & Recorded) 
Dark Market: Cyberthieves, Cybercops and You 
Children, Youth and Peacebuilding 
Mousavian's Iranian Nuclear Crisis 
Libya in Transition: PM of Libya 
Palestinian Refugees in the Arab Spring 
8TH: Dambisa Moyo 
Louise Arbour: What the Rule of taw Really Has to Offer 
Palestine at the Crossroads 
Kupchan's No One's World 
Environmental Migrants: Climate Change and Human Migration 
Tunisia and Egypt: The Way Forward 
Libya and Yemen: The Troubled Uprisings 
Solutions to Somai Piracy 
Role of Social Media in Promoting Democracy and Human Rights 
New Deal for Engagement in Fragile States 
International Justice in a Time of Transition 
Syrian Novelist Samar Yazbek 
Resiience, Crisis and Food Security 
Re buiding Cote d'Ivoire: The Way Forward 
ICC: Enforcing Arrest Warrants 
A New Accord for Israel and the Palestinians? 
8TH Rock the Vote 
845 
509 
491 
  444 
  440 
  439 
431 
426 
420 
415 
410 
 400 
  390 
  376 
  372 
  371 
369 
365 
356 
646 
624 
9/6 
100 
200 
300 
400 
500 
600 
700 
800 
900 
1000 
EFTA01136717
--- PAGE 36 ---
Annex I: Events 
The following list is comprised of events that took place during January—December 2012. 
Events held at IPI's Vienna office are listed separately. When possible and applicable, IPI 
seeks a cost-sharing arrangement with event co-organizers. 
Ministerial-Level Working Meeting (6) 
1. March 12 
From Activism to Accountability 
Co-organized with the Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom to the United Nations 
2. June 24 
Fourth informal ministerial dinner in Luxembourg on the Middle East 
Co-organized with the Foreign Ministers of Luxembourg and United Arab Emirates 
3. September 24 
Seventh informal ministerial working dinner in New York on the Middle East 
Co-organized with the Foreign Ministers of Luxembourg and United Arab Emirates 
4. September 26 
The Future of Internet Governance: Freedom, Security and Development 
Featuring the Foreign Minister of Sweden and co-organized with the Permanent Mission of 
Sweden to the United Nations 
5. September 27 
Fifth Annual Trygve Lie Symposium on Fundamental Freedoms 
States in Transition: Ensuring Equal Rights and Participation for All 
Co-organized with the Foreign Minister of Norway 
6. September 28 
Mediation in the Mediterranean: Practice and Challenges 
Co-organized with the Permanent Missions of Spain and Morocco to the United Nations 
High-Level Meetings (7) 
1. January 20 
Justice and Peace: The role of the ICC 
A working breakfast featuring Luis Moreno-Ocampo, International Criminal Court Prosecutor 
2. January 25 
Power Struggle over Afghanistan 
Featuring Kai Eide, Former Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Afghanistan 
3. February 24 
The UN and the New International Security Order 
A working breakfast featuring Adam Daniel Rotfeld, Former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Poland, 
co-organized with the Permanent Mission of the Republic of Poland 
EFTA01136718
--- PAGE 37 ---
4. March 14 
The Role of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) in a Time of Transition 
A working breakfast featuring Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu, Secretary-General of the OIC 
5. March 26 
Palestine at the Crossroads and in Context 
A working dinner featuring Hanan Ashrawi, Executive Committee Member of the Palestine 
Liberation Organization and Member of the Palestinian Legislative Council 
6. May 24 
Elections in Egypt 
A working breakfast featuring Sameh Shoukry, Ambassador of Egypt to the US 
7. July 9 
A welcome dinner for the new Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations 
Featuring Jan Eliasson, Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations 
African Leaders Series (1) 
1. September 26 
Consolidating a Future in Peace 
Featuring the Honorable Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, President of Liberia 
Events Held Outside of New York (2) 
1. May 26-27 
The Middle East and North Africa: New Political Realities 
Istanbul, Turkey 
United Nations Security Council Retreat, co-organized with the Government of Turkey 
2. October 24-25 
Being a Peacekeeper Regional Roundtable: Enhancing European Military and Police 
Contributions to UN Peacekeeping 
Berlin, Germany 
Co-organized with the Pearson Centre and the Center for International Peace Operations (ZIF). 
with the support of the French Ministry of Defense and the Federal Foreign Ministry of Germany 
Retreats (1) 
1. June 14-15 
IPI Donor Retreat 
New Priorities for Multilateral Cooperation: The Middle East, Africa, and Beyond 
Greentree, Manhasset, NY 
Policy Fora (21) 
1. January 18 
Settling International Disputes: Lessons from the Past, Challenges for the Future 
Co-organized with the Permanent Missions of Finland and Indonesia to the United Nations 
EFTA01136719
--- PAGE 38 ---
2. January 20 
Justice and Peace: The Role of the ICC 
3. March 20 
Monitoring International Arms Transfers: Recent Trends 
Co-organized with the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) 
4. March 21 
The Human Rights Crisis in Syria 
5. March 28 
International Justice in a Time of Transition 
Co-organized with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands and the City of The Hague 
6. April 11 
At Any Price? Negotiating Humanitarian Access to Crisis Zones 
Co-organized with Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) 
7. April 18 
Implementing the "New Deal for Engagement in Fragile States" - A conversation with the g7+ 
8. April 30 
Viruses, Bots, and Logic Bombs: Defining the International Cyber Threat 
9. May 8 
Peacekeeping in Africa: African Union-European Union-United Nations Cooperation 
10. May 10 
Nepal in Transition 
Co-organized with the Center on International Cooperation (CIC) at New York University 
11. May 17 
ICC Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo: Challenges for the ICC over the Next 10 Years—
Enforcing Arrest Warrants 
12. May 23 
Resilience, Crisis, and Food Security: A Path to Stability? 
Co-organized with the World Food Programme 
13. May 24 
South-South Cooperation for the Provision of Civilian Expertise in Post-Conflict Settings 
Co-organized with the United Nations Civilian Capacities Project 
14. May 31 
The State of the World's Refugees 
Co-organized with the Permanent Mission of Sweden to the United Nations 
15. June 5 
EFTA01136720
--- PAGE 39 ---
Beyond Kony 2012—Protecting Children from the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) 
Co-organized with the UN Office of the SRSG for Children and Armed Conflict and the 
Permanent Mission of Germany to the United Nations 
16. June 26 
Innovations in the Rule of Law 
Co-organized with the World Justice Project and the Hague Institute for the Internationalization of 
Law (HiiL) 
17. September 6 
Call for Resolution: Children, Youth, and Peace Building 
Co-organized with Save the Children Norway and the Permanent Mission of Norway to the UN 
18. September 14 
The Istanbul Process on Regional Security and Cooperation for a Secure and Stable 
Afghanistan 
Co-organized with the Permanent Missions of Afghanistan and Turkey to the United Nations 
19. October 10 
Combating Piracy: Experiences in the Gulf of Guinea, Horn of Africa, and Southeast Asia 
Co-organized with the Permanent Missions of Australia and Benin to the United Nations 
20. October 25 
Strengthening the Rule of Law in Crisis-Affected Contexts: Experiences from DRC and 
C6te 
Co-organized with the UNDP and the UN Department of Peacekeeping Operations 
21. November 7 
Making Rights Real: The Challenges and Rewards of International Human Rights Work on 
the Ground 
Co-organized with the Permanent Mission of Sweden to the United Nations and the Office of the 
High Commissioner for Human Rights 
Expert Roundtable Discussions, Workshops, and Conferences (24) 
1. January 12 
Enhancing Governance and Statebuilding in Fragile States: From Policy to Practice 
Co-organized with the United Nations Development Programme 
2. February 7-8 
International Law Enforcement Cooperation: From Brainstorming to an International 
Initiative 
3. February 13 
The National Politics of Peacekeeping Contributions 
Co-organized with the United Nations Department of Peacekeeping Operations 
4. March 22 
UN Transitions: Mission Drawdown or Withdrawal 
EFTA01136721
--- PAGE 40 ---
Co-organized with the Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom to the UN, United Nations 
Department of Peacekeeping Operations, and United Nations Department of Field Support 
5. April 13 
PBC Transitions and Options for Engagement 
Co-organized with the United Nations Peace Building Support Office 
6. April 20 
The Future Role of the UN in a Changing World: What Kind of UN Do We Want and Need? 
Co-organized with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Norway 
7. April 27 
Preventing Conflicts in Africa: Operationalizing and Coordinating Early Warning Systems 
and Response 
Co-sponsored by the Permanent Missions of South Africa and Azerbaijan to the United Nations 
8. May 21 
The Rule of Law and Sustainable Human Development: Sharing Experiences of Building 
National Capacity 
Co-organized with UNDP and the International Development Law Organization; co-sponsored by 
the Permanent Missions of Bangladesh and Turkey to the United Nations 
9. June 6 
The International Expert Forum (IEF) 
Mitigating the Consequences of Violent Conflict: What Works and What Does Not? 
Co-organized with the Folke Bernadotte Academy, the Social Science Research Council. and the 
SecDev Group 
10. June 13 
Workshop: Brainstorming on the United Nations 
Co-organized with the Change Implementation Team of the United Nations 
11. June 13 
Protection of Civilians in Peacekeeping Operations: Capacity Building and Transitions 
Co-organized with the Permanent Missions of Australia and Uruguay to the United Nations 
12. June 14 
Sudan and South Sudan: The Uncertain Future 
Featuring Professor Mohamed Ibrahim Khalil, Chairman of the 2011 Southern Sudan 
Referendum Commission and former Minister of Justice of Sudan 
13. June 18 
Citizenship and Conflict in Africa: Preventing Conflict, Building Nations 
Co-organized with the Open Society Justice Initiative 
14. June 25 
IPI—Pearson Peacekeeping Centre "Being a Peacekeeper" Series 
Co-organized with the French Ministry of Defense and the UN Department of Peacekeeping 
Operations 
EFTA01136722
--- PAGE 41 ---
15. August 6 
Understanding the Syrian Puzzle: A conversation with Father Paolo Dall'Oglio 
16. September 7 
Peace and Security Threats in the Sahel-Sahara Region: Assessing the Response, 
Devising the Way Forward 
Co-organized with the Permanent Mission of Luxembourg to the UN and the African Union 
17. September 17 
Voices from the Field: Protecting Children From Conflict And Strengthening 
Accountability of Armed Actors 
Co-organized with Watchlist on Children and Armed Conflict 
18. October 2 
Poverty Reduction and Peacebuilding: Burundi's Strategy 
Featuring Laurent Kavakure. Minister of Foreign Affairs of Burundi, co-organized with the 
Permanent Missions of Burundi and of Switzerland to the United Nations 
19. October 9 
Migration in Crisis Situations 
Co-organized with the International Organization for Migration (IOM) 
20. October 12 
The Current UN Moment? A Conversation with UN Deputy Secretary-General 
Featuring Jan Eliasson, UN Deputy Secretary-General 
21. October 19 
Somalia After the Transition: What's Next? 
22. October 23 
Mozambique Twenty Years After the Peace Agreement: Challenges and Opportunities 
23. November 8 
The Relationship Between the ICC and the Security Council: Challenges and Opportunities 
Featuring ICC Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda, co-organized with the Permanent Mission of 
Liechtenstein to the United Nations 
24. November 19 
In Pursuit of Peace and Security: The Role of Special Representatives of the UN Secretary-
General and their Relationship with the UN Security Council 
SRSG Series (6) 
1. January 26 
Afghanistan: An Insider's Assessment 
Featuring Kai Eide, Former Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Afghanistan 
2. March 13 
EFTA01136723
--- PAGE 42 ---
Lessons Learned from UNMIL 
Featuring Ellen Margrethe Loj, Former Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia 
3. July 16 
The United Nations Office in Burundi (BNUB) 
Featuring Karin Landgren, Outgoing Special Representative of the Secretary-General for the 
United Nations Office in Burundi (BNUB) 
4. July 19 
The United Nations and Libya 
Featuring Ian Martin, Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Libya and Head of the 
United Nations Support Mission in Libya (UNSMIL) 
5. July 25 
A Farewell Conversation 
Featuring Radhika Coomaraswamy, Special Representative of the UN Secretary-General for 
Children and Armed Conflict, co-organized with the Permanent Mission of Belgium to the UN 
6. November 27 
The United Nations and Iraq 
Featuring Martin Kobler, Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Iraq 
Speaker Series (11) 
1. February 24 
The UN and the New International Security Order 
Featuring Adam Rotfeld, former Foreign Minister of Poland and Commissioner of the Euro-
Atlantic Security Initiative Commission, co-organized with the Mission of Poland to the UN 
2. February 24 
IAEA's Support to Economic Development 
Featuring Kwaku Aning, IAEA Deputy Director General for Technical Cooperation 
Co-organized with the International Atomic Energy Agency 
3. March 7 
Libya in Transition 
Featuring Dr. Abdurrahim El-Keib, Prime Minister of Libya 
4. March 14 
The Role of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) in a Time of Transition 
Featuring Ekmeleddin ihsanoglu, Secretary-General of the OIC 
5. March 26 
Palestine at the Crossroads and in Context 
Featuring Hanan Ashrawi, Executive Committee Member of the Palestine Liberation Organization 
(PLO) and a Member of the Palestinian Legislative Council 
6. April 26 
Twenty Years After Bosnia: Lessons for Today 
EFTA01136724
--- PAGE 43 ---
Featuring Swanee Hunt, Chair of the Institute for Inclusive Security 
Co-organized with UNDP and the Institute for Inclusive Security 
7. May 7 
What the Rule of Law Really Has to Offer 
Featuring Louise Arbour. President of the International Crisis Group and former Chief Prosecutor 
for the International Criminal Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and for Rwanda 
8. June 27 
Nuclear Security—Why it matters 
Featuring Khammar Mrabit, Director of the Nuclear Security Office of the IAEA 
9. September 27 
Featuring Mohammad Yousef al-Magariaf, President of the General National Congress of 
Libya 
10. September 27 
Clean and Green: Renewable Energy, Security, and Development 
Featuring Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber, CEO of Masdar, UAE Special Envoy for Energy & Climate Change 
11. October 22 
Iran and Human Rights 
Featuring Ahmed Shaheed, UN Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Iran 
Beyond the Headlines (7) 
1. January 10 
Featuring Misha Glenny, author of DarkMarket: Cyberthieves, Cybercops and You 
2. March 19 
Featuring Karl E. Meyer and Shareen Blair Brysac, authors of Pax Ethnica: Where and How 
Diversity Succeeds 
3. April 11 
Featuring Charles Kupchan, author of No One's World 
4. May 21 
Featuring Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf, author of Moving the Mountain: Beyond Ground Zero to 
a New Vision of Islam in America 
5. June 26 
Featuring Hossein Mousavian, author of The Iranian Nuclear Crisis, A Memoir 
6. September 10 
Featuring Dambisa Moyo, author of Winner Takes All: China's Race for Resources and 
What It Means for the World 
7. November 15 
Featuring David Lesch, author of The Fall of the House of Assad 
EFTA01136725
--- PAGE 44 ---
Arab Intellectuals Series (4) 
1. June 21 
The Yemeni Model and Its Relevance to Syria 
Featuring Jamal Benomar, UN Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Yemen 
2. September 13 
Featuring Samar Yazbek, author of A Woman in the Crossfire: Diaries of the Syrian Revolution 
3. October 11 
The Syrian Uprising: A Historic Juncture 
Featuring Bassma Kodmani, former spokesperson of the Syrian National Council 
4. December 13 
Featuring Abdul-Kareem al-Eriany, Head of the Yemeni National Dialogue Committee 
Humanitarian Affairs Series (2) 
1. September 11 
Afghanistan: The Humanitarian Challenges Ahead 
Featuring Michael Keating, Deputy Special Representative for Afghanistan, Resident Coordinator, 
and Humanitarian Coordinator 
2. October 1 
The Sahel: A Deepening Crisis and Its Humanitarian Consequences 
Featuring David Gressly, Regional Humanitarian Coordinator for the Sahel 
Women, Peace & Security Series (2) 
1. October 10 
Empowering Women in Postconflict Justice 
Co-organized with UN Women and the United Nations Development Programme 
2. October 18 
Accelerating Progress for Women, Peace, and Security—Models of Civil Society 
Participation in Nepal and the Great Lakes Region 
Co-organized with CARE International 
Training (2) 
1. April 18-20 
1r^ Annual New York Seminar 
Managing Transitions in the Arab World 
West Point, NY 
2. July 16-20 
IPI's Summer Training Course in Diplomacy, Negotiation and Conflict Resolution 
Greentree, Long Island, NY 
EFTA01136726
--- PAGE 45 ---
Events in Vienna: January 1—December 31, 2012 
Seminars (2) 
1. May 23-24 
The 42nd IPI Vienna Seminar 
The Uprisings: The Future of North Africa and the Middle East 
Co-organized with the Austrian Federal Ministry for European and Foreign Affairs and the 
Austrian Federal Ministry of Defense and Sports 
2. August 26-28 
Arab Spring: A Revolution of Expectations: IPI at the Political Symposium of the European 
Forum Alpbach (in Tyrol, Austria) 
Book Launch (1) 
1. June 26 
Spotting the Spoilers: A Guide to Analyzing Organized Crime in Fragile States 
by Mark Shaw (of STATT Consulting) and Walter Kemp (Director for Europe and Central Asia, IPI 
Vienna). This publication is part of lPl's Peace without Crime project. 
Expert Roundtable Discussions, Workshops, and Conferences (4) 
1. May 25 
Regional Solutions for Displacement: Lessons Learned from the Western Balkans 
Co-organized by Switzerland and UNHCR 
2. June 20-21 
Strategic Forecasting: Process and Policy 
Co-organized with the Austrian Federal Ministry of Defense and Sports. 
3. September 18 
Lessons learned from confidence-building measures (CBMs) 
Launch of a new OSCE guide on non-military CBMs 
4. November 22 
The UN Security Council from a Russian Perspective 
EFTA01136727
--- PAGE 46 ---
Annex II: Global Observatory Articles, Interviews, and More 
1Pl's Top 20 Issues to Watch in 2012: The Regions," by Francesco Mancini, January 4, 2012. 
'Heeding Havel's Message," by Walter Kemp, January 5, 2012. 
in Afghanistan, No Peace in Sight for 2012, but Steps are Possible," by Maureen Quinn. January 6, 2012 
Interview with Bernd Beber, Scholar on International Conflict and Mediation," by Francesco Mancini. 
January 9, 2012 
"Will a New Transdniestrian Leader Make a Difference?," by Claus Neukirch, January 10, 2012 
'Should Emerging Arab Regimes Look to Turkey as a Model?," by Abdullah Alsaidi, January 11. 2012 
-North Korea: Open for Business?," by Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt, January 13, 2012 
"Cyber Crime is Worse than You Think: 2012 International Conference on Cyber Security," by Chris 
Perry, January 17, 2012 
'Reform in Myanmar: Too Good to be True?," by Till Papenfuss, January 20, 2012 
"Where China Meets India: Burma and the New Crossroads of Asia," by Till Papenfuss. January 23, 2012 
"Interview with Luis Moreno-Ocampo, Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court," by Till 
Papenfuss, January 25, 2012 
'A UN Peacekeeping Blacklist?," by Arthur Boutellis and Adam Smith, January 26, 2012 
"Interview with Kai Eide, Former SRSG for Afghanistan," by Maureen Quinn, January 27, 2012 
"Russia Critical Factor in UN Pressure on Syria," by Eli Williams. January 30, 2012 
"New UNDP Report: Governance for Peace: Securing the Social Contract," by Vanessa Wyeth, January 
31, 2012 
-Boko Haram: Interview with Comfort Ero, International Crisis Group," by Ann Wright, February 1, 2012 
'Stalemate During African Union's Leadership Elections Could Weaken It," by Mireille Affa'a-Mindzie, 
February 2, 2012 
-Key Global Events in February," by Francesco Mancini, February 3, 2012 
"Will There Be a UN Counterterrorism Czar?," by James Cockayne, February 6, 2012 
"Is There a Russian 'Spring' Coming?," by David Muckenhuber , February 7, 2012 
"One Year Later, Egypt's Future Remains Uncertain," by Eli Williams. February 8, 2012 
'Turkmenistan: Predictable Election, Unpredictable Future," by David Muckenhuber, February 9, 2012 
'Deciphering a Looming Humanitarian Crisis in the Sahel," by J4r4mie Labbe, February 10, 2012 
"Interview with Misha Glenny, Cybercrime Expert," by Warren Hoge, February 13, 2012 
EFTA01136728
--- PAGE 47 ---
"With New Efforts, International Community Tries Again with Somalia," by John Hirsch, February 14, 2012 
'Net Insecurity Puts Physical Infrastructure at Risk," by Chris Perry, February 15, 2012 
'Under Construction: The European Security Community," by Walter Kemp, February 16, 2012 
'Syria: The Humanitarian Conundrum," by Jeremie Labbe, February 17, 2012 
'Multilateral Treatment for Afghanistan's Drug Problem," by Walter Kemp, February 21, 2012 
'Recent Intertribal Conflicts in South Sudan Bring Challenges for Peacekeepers," by Bianca Selway, 
February 22, 2012 
-Opposition Wins in Kuwait Elections," by Nora al-Roumi, February 23, 2012 
"Oil Problem Could Inflame Tensions in Sudan," by Bianca Selway, February 24, 2012 
"What We're Reading: by Jill Stoddard, February 27, 2012 
"Interview with Dr. Kwaku Aning, International Atomic Energy Agency," by Pim Valdre, February 28, 2012 
'London Conference on Somalia: New Roadmap, Old Concerns," by John Hirsch, February 29, 2012 
"Wee' Ghonim, Mastermind of Egypt Protests, Recounts Revolution 2.0," by Jose Vericat, March 1, 2012 
'Key Global Events to Watch in March," by Francesco Mancini. March 2, 2012 
'As Crime in West Africa Spreads, Response Requires Regional Cooperation," by Walter Kemp, March 5, 
2012 
'Wade Khanfar, Former Al Jazeera Head, Discusses Iran, the Arab Uprisings," by Nur Laiq, March 6, 
2012 
'Tunisia After the Uprising: Measuring the Economic Costs," by Youssef Mahmoud and Jose Vericat, 
March 7. 2012 
"Why Algeria has been Immune to the Arab Spring," by Narrimane Benakcha, March 9, 2012 
-Senegal's Presidential Election: Democracy at a Crossroads," by Mireille Affa'a-Mindzie. March 12, 2012 
'Interview with Ellen Margrethe IA, Former SRSG for Liberia and Head of UNMIL," by Arthur Boutellis 
and Vanessa Wyeth, March 13, 2012 
"Interview with Nora Younis, Human Rights Activist and Journalist from Egypt," by Warren Hoge, March 
14, 2012 
'Interview with Interview with Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu, Secretary-General of the Organisation of Islamic 
Cooperation," by Warren Hoge, March 15, 2012 
"Why the UN is Not a Threat to Internet Freedom," by Chris Perry, March 16, 2012 
'Reconciling the Past, Cooperating for the Future: A Conversation with Adam Daniel Rotfeld," by Walter 
Kemp, March 19, 2012 
"The UN Needs a New Agenda for Peace," by Francesco Mancini, March 20, 2012 
EFTA01136729
--- PAGE 48 ---
'The Test for a UN 'Light Footprint in Libya," by Arthur Boutellis, March 21, 2012 
Interview with Paulo Sergio Pinheiro, Chair of UN's Syria Human Rights Commission," by Warren Hoge, 
March 22, 2012 
"Change of Guard at Pakistan's ISI: Some Implications," by Iftekhar Ahmed Chowdhury, March 23, 2012 
'Spotting the Spoilers: Assessing the Threat of Organized Crime," by Walter Kemp, March 26, 2012 
Interview with Salwa Bugaighis, Libyan Human Rights Lawyer," by Warren Hoge, March 27, 2012 
Cony 2012 — Whose Social Networking?" by Rachel Locke, March 28, 2012 
Interview with Paul Holtom, Director of the Arms Transfers Program at SIPRI," by Maureen Quinn, March 
29, 2012 
Interview with Dr. Hanan Ashrawi, Executive Committee Member," by Maureen Quinn, March 30, 2012 
-Key Global Events to Watch in April," by Francesco Mancini, April 2, 2012 
'Arab Summit, Somber and Curt, Reflects State of Arab Region," by Abdullah Alsaidi. April 3. 2012 
"All the Missing Souls: A Review," by Till Papenfuss, April 4, 2012 
"Jiirg Eglin, Regional Head of Red Cross, Discusses Humanitarian Situation in Mali and the Sahel," by 
Jerernie Labia April 5, 2012 
Review: Ten Lessons from the Arab Revolution," by Jose Vericat, April 6, 2012 
"As Big Issues Loom, ASEAN Summit has Limited Outcomes," by Till Papenfuss, April 10, 2012 
-Pakistan's Balchistan Insurgency Requires Political, Not Military, Solution," by Muneeb Ansari, April 11. 
2012 
'Sophie Delaunay, Executive Director of MSF USA, Discusses Dilemmas of Humanitarian Action," by 
Jerernie Labia April 12, 2012 
'Sixth Summit of the Americas: What Are They Really Talking About?" by Adam Lupel, April 13, 2012 
-Regulating the Rise of Drones," by Ann Wright, April 16, 2012 
-Review: The People's Peace—How Public Opinion Polls Can Build Better Peace," by Walter Kemp, April 
17, 2012 
-Interview with Colum Lynch, UN Correspondent for the Washington Post and FP Blogger," by Warren 
Hoge, April 19, 2012 
'The Road to Rio: What Kind of World Do We Want to Live In?," by Helen Clark. April 20, 2012 
"Interview with Emilia Pires, Chair of the g7+ Group of Fragile States," by Vanessa Wyeth, April 23, 2012 
"Cohn Kahl, Middle East Expert: What to Do About Iran," by Till Papenfuss, April 24, 2012 
'The Crisis in Guinea-Bissau: In Search of a Sustainable Solution," by Mireille Affa'a-Mindzie, April 25, 
2012 
EFTA01136730
--- PAGE 49 ---
tan a Post-Election Push for Security Sector Reform Work in the DRC?," by Arthur Boutellis, April 26, 
2012 
"Catching Up with Transnational Organized Crime: Time for New Thinking," by Peter Gastrow, April 27, 
2012 
'Interview with John Hirsch, Former US Ambassador to Sierra Leone, on Charles Taylor," by Till 
Papenfuss, April 30, 2012 
-Key Global Events to Watch in May," by Francesco Mancini, May 1, 2012 
'Interview with Swanee Hunt, Former Ambassador and Author of New Book on Bosnia,' by Pim Valdre, 
May 02, 2012 
"Nagorno-Karabakh: An Unacceptable Status Quo: by Walter Kemp, May 4, 2012 
"Interview with Raghida Dergham, Columnist and Correspondent, Al-Hayat," by Warren Hoge, May 7, 
2012 
-ECOWAS and the Recent Coups in West Africa: Which Way Forward?," by Ayodele Akenroye, May 8, 
2012 
"Interview with Louise Arbour, President of ICG, on the Rule of Law: by Warren Hoge, May 9, 2012 
-Afghanistan: Political Dialogue in the Shadow of Violence and Insecurity," by Maureen Quinn, May 10, 
2012 
'Interview with Ian Martin, SRSG and Head of the UN Support Mission in Libya," by Francesco Mancini, 
May 11, 2012 
-Update: African Elections 2012,' by Mireille Affa'a-Mindzie, May 14, 2012 
'Interview with Dr. Jagdish Bhagwati, Economist and Professor at Columbia University,' by Vanessa 
Wyeth, May 16, 2012 
'Interview with John Prendergast, Co-Founder Enough Project," by Till Papenfuss, May 18, 2012 
"A Gulf Union? Not Yet," by Jose Vericat, May 21, 2012 
-New Book by 'Ground Zero' Imam: Moderation in the Face of Extremism," by Marie O'Reilly, May 22, 
2012 
'Egypt's Elections — Voting About a Revolution," by Jose Vericat, May 24, 2012 
'Syria: A UN Observer Mission Like No Other,' by Arthur Boutellis, May 25, 2012 
'Interview with Amer Daoudi, Regional Director for Sudan, World Food Programme," by Chris Perry, May 
29, 2012 
-Review: Liberation Square: Egyptians' Path to Political Agency," by Jose Vericat, May 30, 2012 
"Interview with Sebastian Levine, UNDP Adviser and Africa Human Development Report Team,' by 
Mireille Affa'a-Mindzie, May 31, 2012 
-Key Global Events to Watch in June," by Francesco Mancini, June 1, 2012 
EFTA01136731
--- PAGE 50 ---
'The Man in the Middle of Yemen's Transition: An Interview with Abdul Karim Al-Eryani," by Walter Kemp, 
June 4. 2012 
Interview with Antonio Guterres, UN High Commissioner for Refugees," by Warren Hoge, June 6, 2012 
"Algeria's Parliamentary Elections: Status Quo and Exceptionalism," by Narrimane Benakcha, June 7, 
2012 
"Egypt's 2012 Election: Free, Fair, and Polarizing," by Ayodele Akenroye, June 8, 2012 
"The LRA's Abduction of Children: An Interview with Radhika Coomaraswamy," by Warren Hoge, June 
11. 2012 
'Spillover of the Arab Spring," by Abdullah Alsaidi, June 12, 2012 
Painful Diplomacy: The Politics of a High-Level Document on the Rule of Law," by Alberto Cutillo, June 
13, 2012 
-Interview with Helen Clark, Administrator of UNDP, on Rio+20," by Francesco Mancini, June 14, 2012 
Interview with Liberata Mulamula, Senior Adviser to Tanzanian President,' by Mireille Affa'a-Mindzie, 
June 15, 2012 
"What if Syria was Referred to the ICC?," by Till Papenfuss, June 20, 2012 
"The SG's Report on the Protection of Civilians in Armed Conflict: A Humanitarian Perspective,' by 
Jeremie Labia June 21. 2012 
'A Stable Election in Lesotho, Though Issues Ignored," by Ayodele Akenroye, June 22, 2012 
"Citizenship Discrimination in Africa: An Obstacle to Nation-building and Lasting Peace," by Mireille 
Affa'a-Mindzie, June 25, 2012 
-Interview with Jamal Benomar, UN SRSG for Yemen," by Nur Laiq, June 26, 2012 
'The UN and the New World Order," by Hugh Roberts. June 27, 2012 
-MONUSCO's New Mandate: Same but Different," by Arthur Boutellis, June 28, 2012 
-Interview with Siddharth Chatterjee, Chief Diplomat, IFRC," by Jdremie Labbe, June 29, 2012 
-Key Global Events to Watch in July," by Francesco Mancini, July 2, 2012 
"Civil Society 'Revolt' Defends Rule of Law in Colombia," by Renata Segura, July 3, 2012 
-Myanmar's Transition Echoes of South Korea," by Cheong Ju Kim, July 5, 2012 
'As Sudan Deteriorates, Inclusion Seen as Key to Sustainable Peace," by Jon Grosh, July 9, 2012 
-Report From Cairo: Muslim Brotherhood vs. the Military, Round One," by Nur Laiq, July 10, 2012 
"Interview with Khammar Mrabit, Nuclear Security Director, IAEA." by Warren Hoge, July 11, 2012 
"Interview with Sam Muller and Juan Botero, Rule of Law Experts," by Warren Hoge, July 12, 2012 
"In the DRC Communications War, Rebels Learn PoC Language," by Arthur Boutellis, July 2012 
EFTA01136732
--- PAGE 51 ---
'Mutual Accountability: The Challenge in Afghanistan," by Maureen Quinn, July 16, 2012 
Interview with Karin Landgren, Outgoing UN SRSG for Burundi," by Warren Hoge, July 17, 2012 
'The Arab Spring and Monarchies: Could Morocco Lead the Way?," by Aymane Saidi, July 18, 2012 
'Fierce Battle Over AU Commission Chair Ends in South Africa's Favor," by Mireille Affa'a-Mindzie, July 
19, 2012 
'1848 'Springtime' of Nations: Lessons for the Arab Spring (Part 1)," by Abdullah Alsaidi, July 24, 2012 
'1848 'Springtime' of Nations: Lessons for the Arab Spring (Part 2)," by Abdullah Alsaidi, July 25, 2012 
"Respect the Olympic Truce," by Walter Kemp, July 25, 2012 
-Painful Diplomacy Continues as Rule of Law Document Seeks Adoption," by Alberto Cutillo, July 31, 
2012 
-Key Global Events to Watch in August," by Francesco Mancini. August 1. 2012 
'Mickey Mouse in the DPRK: Signs of Reform or Simply Stageplay?," By Eduardo Zachary Albrecht, 
August 2, 2012 
'A Chapter Closes for International Diplomacy in Syria," by Jose Vericat, August 7, 2012 
"Interview with Father Paolo Dall'Oglio on the Syrian Crisis," by Jose Vericat, August 8, 2012 
-Somalia: From Transition to Transformation," by John Hirsch, August 9, 2012 
'Flaws in India's Strategy to Counter the Maoist Insurgency," by Siddharth Chatterjee, August 13, 2012 
'The UN Conference on an Arms Trade Treaty: No Treaty... Yet?" by Paul Holtom. August 16, 2012 
'The Malian 'Twin Crisis': More Collaboration Needed from Unlikely Partners," by Mireille Affa'a-Mindzie, 
August 22, 2012 
'Human Rights of North Korean Defectors in Dire Straits," by Cheong Ju Kim, August 23, 2012 
'Haiti Needs to Confront the Causes and Consequences of Violent Crime," by Robert Muggah and 
Athena Kolbe. August 27, 2012 
'The NAM is a PR Coup for Iran, But is it More Than That?," by Jose Vericat, August 29, 2012 
'Are Safe Areas a Viable Way Out of the Humanitarian Deadlock in Syria?," by Jer4mie Labbe, August 
30, 2012 
-Key Global Events to Watch in September," by Francesco Mancini. August 31, 2012 
"Interview with Ambassador Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah on the Sahel-Sahara Region," by John Hirsch, 
September 10, 2012 
-New Approach Needed in the Sahel Say UN Ambassadors Experts," by Chris Perry and Mireille Affa'a-
Mindzie. September 12, 2012 
EFTA01136733
--- PAGE 52 ---
Interview with Michael Keating, UN Humanitarian Coordinator for Afghanistan: by Jeremie Labbe, 
September 13, 2012 
-Northern Mali: Key is Strengthening Bamako; ECOWAS Plan Harbors Risks,' by Wolfram Lacher, 
September 14, 2012 
-Sexual/Gender-Based Violence in India: Time to Change the Status Quo," by Siddharth Chatterjee, 
September 17, 2012 
'Moving the 'Children and Armed Conflict' Agenda Forward: by Jeremie Labbe and Marie O'Reilly, 
September 19, 2012 
"Catalogue of Indices," by the Global Observatory, September 19, 2012 
"When to Exit? Exit Strategies and Statebuilding," by Francesco Mancini, September 20, 2012 
"Where is the Haitian National Police Headed?," by Arthur Boutellis, September 21, 2012 
'For Corruption, Few Places Worse Than the Sahel," by Alex Thurston, September 24, 2012 
'Engaging Boko Haram: Militarization, Mediation, or Both?" by Akinola Ejodame Olojo, September 26. 
2012 
Interview with Alaa Murabit, Founder, Voice of Libyan Women," by Jose Vericat, September 28, 2012 
-Key Global Events to Watch in October," by Francesco Mancini, October 01, 2012 
'Defusing the Dispute Over Islands in the East China Sea: by George Gao, October 2, 2012 
'Five Reasons to Follow the UN General Assembly Opening Debate," by Francesco Mancini, October 3. 
2012 
Interview with Mark Bowden, UN Humanitarian Coordinator and Resident Coordinator for Somalia: by 
Jeremie Labbe. October 4. 2012 
"Interview with David Gressly, UN Regional Humanitarian Coordinator for the Sahel," by Jeremie Labbe, 
October 5, 2012 
"Negotiating Peace in the Sudans: The Addis Adaba Agreement," by Mireille Affa'a-Mindzie, October 9, 
2012 
"Cote 
: State Security Versus Security Sector Reform," by Arthur Boutellis, October 11, 2012 
"Interview with Peter Jennings, Expert on Piracy," by Warren Hoge, October 12, 2012 
"Good Timing and a Lean Agenda Could Bring Success to FARC-Colombia Talks," by Renata Segura, 
October 15, 2012 
-Poverty and Insecurity Must Not Prevent an End to Polio," by Siddharth Chatterjee, October 16, 2012 
"Interview with Two Principals from the Special Court for Sierra Leone, Justice Fisher and Registrar 
Mansaray," by Maureen Quinn. October 17, 2012 
'A New Tool for Influencing Policy: The Children and Armed Conflict App," by Marie O'Reilly, October 18, 
2012 
EFTA01136734
--- PAGE 53 ---
Interview with Professor Ken Menkhaus, Specialist on Somalia and the Horn of Africa," by John Hirsch, 
October 22, 2012 
tuba Steps Toward Openness with New Migration Policy,' by Sarah Doty, October 23, 2012 
Interview with Ahmed Shaheed, UN Special Rapporteur on the Situation on Human Rights in Iran," by 
Warren Hoge, October 25, 2012 
-Uruguay Decriminalizes Abortion," by Sabrina Stein, October 26, 2012 
Robert Kirkpatrick, Director of UN Global Pulse on the Value of Big Data," by Marie O'Reilly, November 
5, 2012 
-Open-Access Journal 'Stability' Launches with Inaugural Issue," by The Global Observatory, November 
6, 2012 
-Key Global Events to Watch in November," by Francesco Mancini, November 7, 2012 
tan Big Data from Cellphones Help Prevent Conflict?," by Emmanuel Letouze, November 8, 2012 
'At the UN, Use of Twitter Growing," by George Gao, November 9, 2012 
"Why Personal Security Should be Part of the Post-2015 Development Agenda," by Robert Muggah, 
November 13, 2012 
'Another Climate Cost: More Poverty," by Helen Clark, November 14, 2012 
-Interview with Fatou Bensouda, Chief Prosecutor, International Criminal Court," by Till Papenfuss, 
November 15, 2012 
-Interview with Erato Kozakou-Marcoullis, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Cyprus," by Walter Kemp, 
November 16, 2012 
-Roger Nash, Human Rights Expert, Discusses UN Presence in the Field," by Warren Hoge, November 
19, 2012 
-Book Review: What to Do About Warlords?" by Walter Kemp, November 20, 2012 
-Interview with David Lesch, Author of Syria: Fall of the House of Assad," by Warren Hoge, November 20, 
2012 
-Europe Moves East: Mongolia Joins the OSCE," by Walter Kemp, November 26, 2012 
'Goma Crisis Shines Light on Bankrupt Military Policies in the DRC," by Maria Eriksson Baaz and Judith 
Verweijen, November 27, 2012 
"Interview with Martin Kobler, SRSG for Iraq and Head of UNAMI," by Warren Hoge, November 28, 2012 
Will MONUSCO Fall with Goma?" by Arthur Boutellis, December 3, 2012 
-Key Global Events to Watch in December," by Francesco Mancini, December 4, 2012 
-US Public Opinion, Fuelled by Skeptics, One Obstacle to Action on Climate Change," by Jill Stoddard, 
December 6, 2012 
EFTA01136735
--- PAGE 54 ---
'Interview with Richard Caplan on Exit Strategies and State Building," by Maureen Quinn, December 10, 
2012 
'The New Fragile States Landscape: Shades, Shifts, and Shake-ups," by Juana de Catheu and 
Emmanuel Letouze, December 12, 2012 
'Interview with Robert Muggah on Armed Conflict and Security," by Francesco Mancini, December 13, 
2012 
'The Humanitarian Fallout of a Military Intervention in Mali," by J4remie Labb4, December 14, 2012 
"Waging Peace in Eastern Congo," by Mireille Affa'a-Mindzie, December 17, 2012 
"Interview with Jon Huggins, Director of Oceans Beyond Piracy," by Warren Hoge, December 18, 2012 
"Interview with Adbul Karim al-Eryani on Yemen's Transition," by Nur Laiq, December 19, 2012 
'No More Short-term Solutions for the Kivus: The Congo Deserves a High-level International Conference," 
by Guillaume Lacalle and Heather Sonner, December 20, 2012 
EFTA01136736

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136737.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: Jeffrey 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevaeation@smail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: RE: 
Date: Thu, 04 Apr 2013 15:17:53 +0000 
Attachments: AUM.xls 
The SAC guy was Wayne Holman who spent some time at Sigma (finn that Michael Steinberg ran for SAC) 
before running his own fund Rldgeback Capital 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Wayne Holman" gcl 
Date: November 2, 2010 12:07:47 PM EDT 
To: "Rich Kahn" <> 
Subject: RE: 
Hi Rich, 
Give me a call and let me know what else you need. The AUM is equity in house and does not include the capital subject to 
a call. The GMV #s are from my time at Sigma where there was no fixed equity base so it is the value of longs plus shorts. 
Have a great day. 
Wayne 
From: Rich Kahn [mailto: 
Sent: Monday, November 01, 2010 3:04 PM 
To: Wayne Holman 
Subject: RE: 
Money will be from Jeffrey or one of his investment entities 
Thanks 
Rich Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
301 East 66th Street, Suite 10F 
New York, NY 10065 
From: Wayne Holman [mailto: 
Sent: Monday, November 01, 2010 1:55 PM 
To: Rich Kahn 
Subject: RE: 
EFTA01136737
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hi Rich, 
I enjoyed our meeting as well. I will get the info you mentioned on Friday put together. Also can you tell me what the 
relationship is between your firm HBRK and Jeffrey and if the money Jeffrey would invest in Ridgeback would be his own 
personal money or if it would come from a fund he manages for others etc. See you again soon. 
Thanks, 
Wayne 
From: Rich Kahn [maitto: 
Sent: Monday, November 01, 2010 12:42 PM 
To: Wayne Holman 
Subject: 
It was very nice meeting you with Jeffrey on Friday. 
Please forward me any paperwork if you have not already sent to Jeffrey 
Thanks 
Rich Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
301 East 66th Street, Suite 10F 
New York, NY 10065 
DISCLAIMER: This e-mail message and any attachments are intended solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is confidential or legally privileged. If you are 
not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of 
this message or its attachments is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify 
the sender immediately and permanently delete this message and any attachments. 
DISCLAIMER: This e-mail message and any attachments are intended solely for the use of the 
individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is confidential or legally 
privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution, copying or other use of this message or its attachments is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately and permanently delete this 
message and any attachments. 
EFTA01136738

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136739.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Sarah 
Date: Thu, 04 Apr 2013 16:47:07 +0000 
Attachments: SICMBT_C25312092512480.pdf 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Richard Kahn
Date: November 20, 2012, 9:02:32 AM EST 
To: Rich Kahn
Subject: Fwd: Sarah 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
EFTA01136739

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136740.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Flight from CHICAGO OHARE to LOS ANGELES 
Start Date: 2013-04-07 15:32:00 +0000 
End Date: 2013-04-07 18:07:00 +0000 
Location: CHICAGO OHARE 
DTSTAMP: 2013-04-02 18:59:23 +0000 
Class: PUBLIC 
Date Created: 2013-04-02 18:59:23 +0000 
Categories: TRAVEL 
FLIGHT 
Sunday April 7, 2013 
Air Vendor: UNITED AIRLINES 
Flight Number: 541 
From: CHICAGO OHARE 
Departs: 03:32 PM 
To: LOS ANGELES 
Arrives: 06:07 PM 
Seat: 
Ticket Confirmation: GYW9K8 
Aircraft: AIRBUS A319 
Class of Service: UNITED ECONOMY 
Operated By: UNITED AIRLINES 
Flight Type: NON-STOP 
FOOD FOR PURCHASE 
DEPART: TERMINAL 1 
FLIGHT TIME: 04HR 35MIN 
ARRIVE: TERMINAL 7 
Notes: 
For Flight Check-In click or copy link below 
http://www.united.com/ 
EFTA01136740

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136741.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Flight from LOS ANGELES to NEW YORK JFK 
Start Date: 2013-04-11 13:45:00 +0000 
End Date: 2013-04-11 22:20:00 +0000 
Location: LOS ANGELES 
DTSTAMP: 2013-04-02 18:59:24 +0000 
Class: PUBLIC 
Date Created: 2013-04-02 18:59:24 +0000 
Categories: TRAVEL 
FLIGHT 
Thursday April 11, 2013 
Air Vendor: AMERICAN AIRLINES 
Flight Number: 32 
From: LOS ANGELES 
Departs: 01:45 PM 
To: NEW YORK JFK 
Arrives: 10:20 PM 
Seat: 
Ticket Confirmation: FRVZIH 
Aircraft: BOEING 767 200 
Class of Service: ECONOMY 
Operated By: AMERICAN AIRLINES 
Flight Type: NON-STOP 
FOOD-BEV/PUR 
DEPART: TERMINAL 4 
FLIGHT TIME: 05HR 35MIN 
ARRIVE: TERMINAL 8 
Notes: 
For Flight Check-In click or copy link below 
https://www.aa.com/aa/reservation/flightCheckInViewReservationsAccess.do?anchorEvent=false 
EFTA01136741

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136742.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brad Wechsler
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
CC: "Melanie Spinella 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 28 May 2015 19:01:58 +0000 
Attachments: Rebecca Dobson - Resume.pdf 
Jeffrey, 
I just had the opportunity to interview a young lady Rebecca Dobson (resume attached) who I very much would 
like to hire. Her responsibilities would include office management, administrative oversight of real estate 
projects, HR (in office and would suggest household employees as well) and general administration. She 
currently works at the Wexner Office in Ohio where she has worked for the last two years and is moving to New 
York because her husband is taking a job at Goldman Sachs. She is smart, solid, and energetic and comes with 
the highest recommendations. I expect she would make around $100,000 all in. If you have any significant 
objections please let me know as soon as possible as she is entertaining another offer. Thanks. Brad 
EFTA01136742

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136743.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rebecca Dobson 
HUMAN RESOURCES PROFESSIONAL 
MANUFACTURING / FINANCE / REAL ESTATE EXPERIENCE 
Human Resources Professional with proven experience in payroll, benefits administration, training and development, and safety. Recognized for 
strong organizational skills, confidentiality, and proven relationship•building abilities. Competencies include: 
• 
Developing training programs 
• 
Improving employee morale 
• 
Implementing new processes 
• 
Energetic & Self•motivated 
• 
Leadership 
• 
Problem Solving 
EXPERIENCE 
N.A. Property, Inc. 
New Albany, OH 
Benefits Administrator / Payroll Specialist 
August 2013 — Present 
• 
Report up to Vice President supporting 175+ employees across eight locations including, CO, DE, GA, NY, and OH. True business partner 
to Vice President and main point of contact for all locations. Oversee and administer all Human Resources functions throughout the entire 
organization. 
• 
Administer and implement company-wide benefit programs which include healthcare, life insurance, vision, dental, 401(k), and short-term 
and long-term disability. Consult with and advise employees on eligibility, plan provisions, and other matters relating to benefits including 
new hire orientation and open enrollment paperwork. 
• 
Analyze and compile monthly insurance invoices for self•insured benefits 
• 
Compute annual bonus calculations for salary and hourly employees 
• 
Process multi-state, biweekly and monthly payrolls in a timely and accurate manner using ADP Workforce Now Software 
• 
Ensure journal entries and account reconciliations are prepared accurately and timely according to schedules. This includes, but is not 
limited to, accounting for accrued payroll, taxes, garnishments. and benefits 
• 
Complete monthly bank reconciliations 
Muza Metal Products, LLC 
Oshkosh, WI 
Human Resources Generalist / Payroll Specialist / Safety Specialist 
September 2011 — July 2013 
• 
Developed and led professional recruitment process for salaried and direct labor employees. Reduced employee tumover by 37.3% by 
improving overall employee morale with new incentive programs. Hired an average of 61 new employees each year. 
• 
Maximized safety program throughout the entire organization and reduced workplace injuries by 30.3% in 2012. Reduced workplace injuries 
by developing successful training and employee awareness programs. 
• 
Managed and executed migration process from ADP to Paychex software reducing the overall payroll cost by 50% annually. Assessed cost 
benefits and software design features which determined best choice during procurement process. Led timing of implementation process. 
• 
Maintained regulatory compliance with federal, state, and county agencies (OSHA, Ohio.gov, and Department of Labor) 
Household Utilities Inc. 
Kiel, WI 
Human Resources Generalist 
September 2010- September 2011 
• 
Grew and maintained relationships with three external employment resources to identify and screen qualified candidates 
• 
Conducted job offer analyses for direct labor and indirect labor positions to determine competitive compensation packages 
• 
Prepared OSHA logs (300 and 301) to meet regulatory compliance requirements for manufacturing industry 
• 
Organized and coordinated orientation sessions to foster an understanding of company values, culture, and safety goals. Created and 
designed annual safety training programs including hazardous communications, blood•borne pathogens, plant evacuation policies, confined 
space training, personal protective equipment, and lockout / tagout. 
• 
Administered company benefit programs which included health insurance, dental, vision, STD. LTD, FMLA. and 401K 
EDUCATION 
Lakeland College - Sheboygan 
Masters of Business Administration, Finance 
• 
Household Utilities Inc. - Human Resources Generalist Internship - Kiel, WI 
Lakeland College - Sheboygan 
Bachelor of Ails - Hospitality Management 
• 
Rio Verde Country Club - Successfully completed five month Food & Beverage Internship in Phoenix, Arizona 
• 
Subway - Successfully completed one year Assistant Manager Internship in Plymouth, Wisconsin 
Sheboygan. WI 
May 2011 
Sheboygan. WI 
May 2009 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
• 
Professional Human Resources Candidate, December 2015 
• 
Fundamental Payroll Certification Candidate, Fall 2015 
• 
Three years of experience using ADP software and two years experience using Paychex software processing mu0i•state payrolls (CO, WI, 
OH, NY, GA, and DE) 
• 
Effective Interviewing and Training Techniques Certificate (MRA - The Management Association) 
• 
Occupational Safety and Health Administration - OSHA 30-hour class (Lakeshore Technical College) 
EFTA01136743

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136744.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peter Mandelson < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: thanks 
Date: Fri, 05 Apr 2013 11:47:30 +0000 
Inline-Images: FAF9E5FB-0A62-4174-A284-AD62A1595813.png 
That was a great dinner, hit all the right notes, thank you. What happened to Woody and the goldfish ? 
GlobalCounsel 
Lord Mendelson 
Chairman 
nig s rl ge reen, ondon SW1X 7NW 
www.global-counsel.co.uk 
Disclaimer 
This email and any attachments to it may be confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual to whom it is addressed. My views or opinions 
expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of Global Counsel LLP and Global Counsel Advisory Limited . If you are not the 
intended recipient of this email, you must neither take any action based upon its contents, nor copy or show it to anyone. Please contact the sender if you believe 
you have received this email in error. Global Counsel LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England with number OC359787. registered office New 
Bridge Street House. 30-34 New Bridge Street. London. United Kingdom EC4V 6BJ. 
EFTA01136744

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136745.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: Draft Presentation re: Impact of Guarantees 
Date: Fri, 05 Apr 2013 12:16:29 +0000 
Attachments: Illustration_of Gain_Deferral.pdf zip 
Just got here, this was in my inbox-haven't looked yet myself 
From: Fenn, Patrick [mailto: 
Sent: Frida A 105 2013 12:30 AM 
To: 
; Eileen Alexanderson; 
Subject: FW: Draft Presentation re: Impact of Guarantees 
Tom, Eileen and Ada, 
Attached is a draft power point presentation of the tax effects to Leon of deferring or not deferring recognition of gain on 
the exchange of AOG units for AGM interests attributable to his share of the $1 billion AMH debt that was distributed to 
him in a prior year (referred to in the presentation as "Tufts gain"). The reference to "TRA" is to the Tax Receivable 
Agreement between APO Corp and Leon (and the other founders), which provides for additional payments to Leon upon a 
sale of his interest in AMH to APO Corp attributable to the tax benefits APO Corp derives from additional amortization 
deductions that are generated through the purchase of Leon's AMH interest. You will notice the assumptions on which 
the presentation and the tax effects are based, including a 10 percent discount rate. We are in the process of running new 
models based on 8 percent (and making further revisions to the presentation). While the 8 percent versions should be 
available in the morning, I thought I would send you this draft so that you could start to look over and start to get familiar 
with the nature of the issues and the concepts. 
Brian Knudson of Ernst & Young prepared the model and will join us for our discussion at 2pm. 
Look forward to seeing you. 
Best regards 
IRS Circular 230 Notice Requirement: This communication is not given in the form of a covered 
opinion, within the meaning of Circular 230 issued by the United States Secretary of the Treasury. 
Thus, we are required to inform you that you cannot rely upon any tax advice contained in this 
communication for the purpose of avoiding United States federal tax penalties. In addition, any tax 
advice contained in this communication may not be used to promote, market or recommend a transaction 
to another party. 
The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential 
use of the recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message. 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
EFTA01136745
--- PAGE 2 ---
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01136746

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136747.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Fwd: Contact 
Date: Fri, 05 Apr 2013 16:16:46 +0000 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Friday, April 5, 2013 
Subject: Contact 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
BEGIN:VCARD 
VERSION:3.0 
PRODID:-//Apple Inc.//iOS 6.1.3//EN 
N:; 
FN: 
EMAIL;type=INTERNET;type=HOME;ty 
ref 
TEL;type=CELL;type—VOICE;type=pref: 
TEL;type=IPHONE;type=CELL;type=VOICE: 
END:VCARD 
EFTA01136747

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136748.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136748

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136749.pdf
----------------------------------------
II 
EFTA01136749

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136750.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Reminder -Chinese Tapestry 
Date: Fri, 05 Apr 2013 16:05:29 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg; image(1).jpeg; image(2).jpeg 
mage.Jpe 
magejpes 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 2,2013, at 9:51 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leranthr(a)gmaila0M> wrote: 
no, 2 
On Tuc, Apr 2, 2013 at 9:50 AM, =I
:> wrote: 
Jeffrey hello ! Sony for asking but I Should be at Your house at 12? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136750
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Mar 28, 2013, at 1:48 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leraryirsina@gmajlmin> wrote: 
From: Lesley Croff 
Date: Thu, Mar 28, 2013 at 12:57 PM 
Subject: Reminder -Chinese Tapestry 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jrevacatiengsmailsim>
Reminder to take Chinese tapestry with you from paris 
Sent from my iPhonc 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential. may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to joevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential. may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jrevacatiatit)pmaiLeom, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136751

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136752.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Contact 
Date: Mon, 01 Apr 2013 11:16:24 +0000 
BEGIN:VCARD 
VERSION:3.0 
PRODID:-//Apple Inc.//iOS 6.1//EN 
FN 
TEL;type—CELL:t caVOICE;type=pref:+33 6 69 22 38 63 
END:VCARD 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136752

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136753.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:1
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 01 Apr 2013 11:34:15 +0000 
Attachments: 68495_4658425942966_1933408006_njpg 
oh Jeffrey, tell me about it. 
Missed you. Missed myself even. 
Teeth are good, they became straight, the only thing left is making a proper bite. 
Im taking a photocamera from my friend next week to make polaroids, I will send you a couple of pictures. 
Would be glad to see your picture also. 
This was yesterday. My friends exhibition, he presented portraits of people living in Uzbekistan but of very 
mixed nationalities. 
And at the end of exhibition was my picture saying that I am 7 times crimean tatar. 
take care 
big kiss 
On Tue, Mar 19, 2013 at 3:12 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
when do i see you . how are your teeth 
On Tue, Mar 19, 2013 at 2:09 AM, 
I just wrote to say I love you :D 
Sent from Samsung Galaxy Note 
> wrote: 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Kind regards, 
EFTA01136753

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136754.pdf
----------------------------------------
III") len 
_ 
wmettuull"wktrirt 
I III 
EFTA01136754

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136755.pdf
----------------------------------------
Labonte 
Construction Services, LLC 
4165 Linden Ave. 
Palm Beach Gardens, FI.31410 
(5611601-0446 
PROPOSAL 
Date: 
5/26/2015 
Proposal Submitted to: 
Mr,. Jeffery Epstein 
CGC 1514471 
Proposal #15-173 
El BnIto Way 
Palm Beach, Florida 
STAFF HOUSE 
Description 
Extension 
PAINTING: Sand, prep and paint all interior walls and ceikng with 2 coats of Benjamin Moore paint Sand and 
$ 
13.950 00 
paint all doors and trim with 2 coats of acrylic satin paint 
Sand and stain the existing wood floor area under 
the office desk. ( refinishing of entire office wood floor not included ) 
GUEST BATHROOM: Repair the water damaged drywall behind the Guest bathroom #1 toilet. Replace the 
$ 
2,975 00 
guest bathroom water damaged vanity cabinet ( counter top and faucet to remain ) supply a new glass bypass 
shower door. 
LAUNDRY ROOM: Remove existing waterheater, laundry equipment and deteriorated floor tile, rebuild the 
$ 
6,195.00 
waterheater pedistal with new 3/4 inch painted plywood. Float and level laundry room floor, supply and install 
new 12 x 12 white / grey fleck vinyl VCT flooring with moisture inhibitor glue. 
( excessive floor leveling or 
subtloor repairs at additional fee ) 
Replace laundry room faucets ( 2 ) Reinstall 
the existing water heater on the new closet pedestal. 
AIR CONDITIONING: Replace all existing HVAC supply / retum grills ( 21 ) and exhaust fans ( 3 ) in al 
$ 
1850.00 
rooms. 
SUBTOTAL $ 
24,970.00 
Labonte Construction Overhead and Profit 11% 
$ 
4,494.60 
TOTAL 
$ 
29.464.60 
Exclusions: All unforseen rotted wall and floor framing and rough plumbing, window treatment and furniture removal or 
reinstallaiton, appliances, HVAC equipment and systems, water heater, additional drywall repairs. 
"This Contract" by and between Labonte Construction Services LLC and property Owner Mr. Jeffery Epstein become effective as 
of date of owners signature on this proposal. Owner agrees to payment terms below per the scope of work identified on the work 
description. Starling on the Commencement Date of 
and within thirty (30) days of permit issuance and readiness 
of the jobsite. Labonte Construction Services LLC agrees to provide the labor and materials per the description listed above. Al 
additional or changes in work by owner, architect or building dept is to be implimented per an owner approved change order plus 
15% over cost. 
Pay schedule: . 
50%due at contract signing for scheduling and material order. 
40% of contract amount due at painting completion 
Remaining 10% of contract at completion. 
This proposal is valid for 30 days. 
Acceptance of Proposal 
Owner 
Date 
EFTA01136755

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136756.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136756.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: US MO <us.gio@jpmorgan.com> 
To: Undisclosed recipients:; 
Subject: Eye on the Market, April 1, 2013: US vs EU Roulette 
Date: Mon, 01 Apr 2013 13:15:32 +0000 
Attachments: 04-01-2013_-_EOTM_-_Roulette-pdf.zip 
!Mine-Images: image019.png; image004.png; image008.png; image009.png; image010.png; image° 1 1 .png; 
image012.jpg; image013.png; image014.jpg 
Eye on the Market, April 1, 2013 (PDF is easier to read this week, particularly the Roulette wheel) 
Topics: American vs European Roulette, rising US equity markets and continued European underpeformance 
Compared to Europe, the US is running easier monetary and fiscal policy, and playing a game of American Roulette: 
gambling that eventual withdrawals will take place at a time of higher growth, and will thus be less disruptive. On fiscal 
policy, after the cyclical increase in tax receipts and decline in unemployment insurance, the US fiscal deficit is projected to 
be --5.5% by the end of 2013. Assuming the sequester remains in place and interest rates remain low, O3O projects a 
deficit of 3.7% for 2014 and 2.5% for 2015, with debt stabilizing at —75% of GDP. However, in 2015, mandatory 
entitlement spending and interest start to grow more rapidly. The US is tabling this issue to another day; US equity markets 
seem to like the idea. 
There is evidence that with the help of easy money, the US private sector is recovering. As shown below, household 
debt service has declined to 1990 levels, and the number of consumers using credit is rising again (from a low base). 
Modest payroll gains and fewer jobless claims have contributed to rising auto sales and consumer spending; this is a mild 
surprise given recent increases in payroll and income tax rates. Housing is on the mend (particularly in states wont-hit by 
the crisis), and inventories continue to decline. Home sales and home prices are rising in most locations, which are driving 
furniture and building supply sales. By the end of 2013, the % of Americans with underwater mortgages should decline 
below 20% from 35%+ at the peak. However, housing is improving off such a low base that the contribution to GDP from 
residential construction is only —0.5%. And while labor markets are getting better, they are not showing the substantial 
improvement the Fed cites as the criteria for ending its asset purchases. As a result, the Fed is adding to its 50 Trades of 
Grey ($2.5 trillion of US Treasury and Agency purchases and counting, measured in 10-year equivalents). We expect GDP 
growth of —2.5% by the end of the year. 
US household debt service 
Percentof disposable income 
14.0% 
13.5% 
12.5% t ia.
12.0% 
11.5% 
11.0% 
13.0% • 
10.5% 
1980 
1990 
2000 
2010 
Source: Federal Reserve Bowl. 
US initial jobless claims 
4-week moving average, thousands 
750 
650 • 
550 • 
450 
350 
250 
2005 
2007 
2009 
2011 
2013 
Sou ce: Depostmentof Labor. 
Source: Autodata 
Percent of consumers Increasing debt 
balances (ex-student loans) 
44% •otyv 
40% - 
36% - 
32% • 
28%  
. 
. 
.
.
.
. 
2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Source: FR6 of KC. Empirical Research Partners. 
US auto sales 
Millions, sear 
6% 
4°o 
200
0% 
•2% 
-4% 
-6% 
2005 
2007 
2009 
2011 
2013 
2007 
2009 
2011 
2013 
2005 
US vs. European employment 
Percent change, QoQ, saar 
4% 
•8% 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 
Source: BLS, Eutostat. 
Real Personal Consumption 
Expenditures, 3-mo. % change-annualized 
Source: Bureauol Economic Anabisis 
EFTA01136756
--- PAGE 2 ---
US housing inventory is steadily 
declining, Million units 
- 
- 
. 
- 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
2000 2001 2003 2005 2006 2008 2010 2011 
Source: J.P. Morgan Securities Loan 
Performance. MBA. 
Real estate owned (REO 
Foreclosure 
60+ days 
delinquent 
Homes for sale 
AZ. NV. FL & CA: Phoenix rising 
Fifty Trades of Grey: Fed purchases of 
Percentchange.YoY 
Treasuries and Agencies, % of total net 
supply issued On 10-yr equivalents, 6m ma) 
70% 
• 
60% 
50% 
40% 
-20 
30% 
Building 
-10 
permits 
• -15 
20% 
-60 
I- 
-20 
10% 
.so 
-25 
1991 1995 1999 2003 2007 2011 
Source: BLS. Census. Emp mai Reseal% Parings. 
Real estate related 
employment 
0% 
2009 
0 
2 
3 
Source Nomu a Securries .P. h organSec ribs. 
US business conditions are also improving, after pausing last fall during the elections and fiscal cliff debates. 
Spending on equipment and software is rising, and durable goods orders are headed in the right direction. Capacity 
utilization is almost back to normal, and the number of private establishments is growing, a sign that the US private 
sector has a pulse. Commercial real estate transactions are picking up, along with a revival in securitized lending through 
commercial real estate and C&I loans. 
US business spending on equipment 
Business spending: durable goods 
and software, Billions, Real 2005 USD 
orders, USD, bn, non-defense ex-aircraft 
1,200 - 
70-i 
1.100 
1.000 • 
900 -
800 • 
700 -
600 • 
500 
400  
1995 1998 2001 2004 2007 2010 
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 
Source. Bureau of Economic Analysis. 
Source Census Bureau.
Number of private establishments 
Percentchange, YoY 
3.0% 
2.5% 
20% 
1.5% 
1.0% 
0.5% 
0.0% 
-0.5% 
• 1.0% 
-1.5% 
2002 
2004 
2006 
2008 
2010 
2012 
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
Commercial real estate transaction 
volume is rising, Billions. USD 
160 
140 
120 
100 
US production capacity utilization 
Percent, Mal industry 
85% 
80% 
:e
r 
# 
70% • 
V 
65%  
2005 
2007 
2009 
2011 
2013 
Source. Fed eralReserveBoard 
Gross CLO and CMBS issuance 
Billions. USD 
250 
200 
150 
100 
• CMBS 
• CLO 
.Amli
' 1 '02 '03 ' 4 '0 '0.6 '07 '08 '09 '10 '11 '12 
03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 
Sou c e: Real Ca Rd Analyrcs. 
Source: Bridgewater. 
These are the improvements that rallying equity markets anticipated: as shown in the first below, PIE multiples on 
the S&P 500 rose over the last year despite falling earnings growth. Earnings expectations for 2013 have been falling 
across most sectors, and may weaken further before year-end; and the ratio of negative to positive earnings guidance is at 
its highest level in three years. Consequently, the latest positive economic news may be mostly a validation of the market's 
prior advance. While growth is still weak compared to prior recoveries, the recession that the Economic Cycle Research 
Institute was so sure about for 2012 never happened. We felt that 2012 and 2013 would be one of those anomalous years 
when equity markets would do better than what growth conditions alone would imply; this view still seems to be on track 
as the S&P 500 hits new highs. Better economic conditions may eventually drive households and corporations to reduce 
their cash holdings, which are still close to the highest levels on record. The Fed won't be making it easy for holders of 
cash: short-term policy rates may not rise until 2015-2016. Overall, no change to the benign view we outlined for US 
economics and markets in our 2013 Outlook. 
EFTA01136757
--- PAGE 3 ---
13.5x 
13.0x 
12.5x 
12.0x 
11.5x 
11.0x 
Apr-12 
Jul-12 
Oct-12 
Jan-13 
Jan-12 
Some: Bloomberg, Factset. 
Multiples rising, earnings expectations falling 
Forward RE ratio 
2013 exp earnings growth, YoY 
14.0x 
13.0% 
Expected2013 
earnj2s growth 
12.0% 
Lots of cash. everywhere 
Household and corporate cash balances, % of tangible assets 
11.0% 
10.0% 
9.0% 
8.0% 
1952 
1962 
1972 
Scarce: FederalReserve. 
1982 
1992 
2002 
2012 
Roulette: the European Version. The $13 billion bailout in Cyprus is small (in 2011, France and Germany made $80 
billion of loans and grants to developing countries) and the situation is in many ways unique. However, the latest 
melodrama reinforces the inconsistent and chaotic nature of EU policy-making. Bondholders, equity investors, bank 
depositors and citizens of Europe are at risk of unpredictable outcomes as they play Eurozone Roulette. Here's where they 
might land on any given spin: 
Depositor confiscation and subordination: The EU eventually backed off, but the initial proposal for Cyprus involved a 
confiscatory tax on small and large Cyprus depositors, both foreign and domestic, with no loss to senior bond-holders 
(effectively subordinating the depositors). It was a shocking policy proposal in a region where confidence is everything: 
uninsured bank deposits range from 45% (Spain, Germany) to 80% (UK, Italy) of total bank deposits. Note: Laiki bank 
branches in the UK were not subject to deposit withdrawal restrictions, even though their branches in Cyprus were. 
Zero risk weight applied to sovereign bonds: Even after Greek bonds suffered principal losses, EU banks have the 
flexibility to use 0% risk weights on EU sovereign 
EFTA01136758
--- PAGE 4 ---
debt as per "IRB permanent partial use rules", regardless of the country's credit rating. 
Maastricht Ja/Nein!!!: From the inception of the Maastricht treaty in 1992 to 2008, there was not a single year when both 
France and Germany were in compliance with Maastricht debt and deficit targets. Today, Southern Europe is pushed to get 
in line ASAP. 
Loss of tax rate sovereignty: Throughout all the difficult negotiations and bailouts, Ireland was able to keep its 12.5% 
corporate tax rate despite pressure from the EU to raise it. No such luck for Cyprus, which is being forced to raise its 
corporate tax rate from 10%. As far as I know, homogenization of EU personal or corporate tax rates was never a condition 
for Eurozone membership. 
Changing protections for senior bank bondholders: There is nothing wrong with bondholders, uninsured depositors or 
other creditors suffering losses when they are owed by insolvent banks whose asset values are insufficient to cover them. 
In Ireland however, a bailout was structured to avoid losses on some unguaranteed senior bank bonds which were 
subsequently repaid (a wealth transfer from Irish citizens to bondholders). In Cyprus, some senior bank bondholders are no 
longer protected. 
Tax Haven Designation: Germany's Federal Intelligence Service concluded last fall that an aid program for Cyprus would 
benefit certain Russian depositors with billions of dollars in deposits in Cyprus, and that "Cyprus is a gateway for money 
laundering activities in the EU". Fair enough; Cyprus is seen as a personal tax haven. But according to a US 
Congressional Research Service report in January 2013, tax havens cater to both individuals and corporations. One 
measure of a corporate tax haven is when foreign sourced profits are very large relative to GDP, such that in the words of 
the CRS, "profits in these countries do not appear to derive from economic motives related to productive inputs or markets, 
but rather reflect income easily transferred to low-tax jurisdictions". On this measure, Luxembourg leads the pack at 18% 
of GDP, 2x higher than Cyprus and 6x higher than Switzerland, Singapore and Panama. The degree, time and place of EU 
concern about tax havens can vary substantially. 
ECB asserts preferred creditor status: The ECB owned —50 billion Euros of Greek sovereign debt that was not restructured 
along with the private sector. Typically, preferred creditor status is reserved only for entities like the IMF and World Bank. 
Proposed bonus caps on stand-alone asset management firms and UCITS funds (including regulated hedge funds): 
Because their investment activities played such a large role in the EU sovereign debt crisis? Because they were 
beneficiaries of official sector deposit insurance and lots of ECB lending? I can't find evidence of either one happening, 
but maybe I am not looking hard enough. 
OK, enough about Cyprus. The bigger issue is that long-term growth conditions in Spain, Italy and France are as 
weak as they have been (other than during wartime) in over a century, as we first showed in October of last year and 
again last February. The chart below tells the story. While European sovereign debt spreads have rallied across the 
board, European bank lending to households and businesses is still declining, and the cost of small business loans in Italy 
and Spain is higher than both real and nominal growth. That may explain why European equity markets [a] are still trailing 
US counterparts (see table). As for Japan, we had a piece on March 18th that walked through why we believe its equity 
markets may keep rising this year despite economic data that is still pretty weak: some data is so bad (deflation actually 
worsened in February) that it may lead to a seismic shift in monetary and fiscal policy. On Emerging Market equities, this 
year's returns are a disappointment, although over most longer-term time horizons, they have generated better returns. 
EFTA01136759
--- PAGE 5 ---
Equity market returns by region 
Year to date 
USS 
Local Cur 
2007-2012 
USS 
Local Cur 
S&P 500 
10.6% 
10.6% 
15% 
15% 
MSCI Europe 
2.8% 
7.1% 
-5% 
-4% 
MSCI EMU 
-0.6% 
2.4% 
-17% 
-17% 
Euro Stoxx 
-2.8% 
0.0% 
-17% 
-17% 
MSCI Japan 
11.8% 
21.6% 
-22% 
-44% 
Nikkei 
9.4% 
19.5% 
-7% 
-33% 
MSCI EM 
-1.8% 
-0.7% 
36% 
39% 
Source: Bloonterg. Data as of March 28. 2013. 
Michael Cembalest 
J.P. Morgan Asset Management 
[a] There are two indices most often referred to as "European equities": the Eurostoxx 50 and the MSCI Europe index. 
They are quite different. From a constituency standpoint, there is only a 26% overlap in companies included due to the 
higher concentration and larger capitalization sizes in the Eurostoxx index. The other big difference is that the MSCI 
Europe index (which has outperformed in recent years) has very large exposures to the UK (34%) and Switzerland (14%), 
while the Eurostoxx has none. As such, the Eurostoxx is a better measure of the performance of Eurozone (EMU) equities, 
along with the MSCI EMU (European Monetary Union) index. 
Current long-term growth rates in France, Italy and Spain: That 19th Century Feeling 
Change in 7-year real GDP. percent, since 1820; WWI. WWII and Spanish Civil War excluded 
60% 
50% 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% 
0% 
-10% 
1826 
1838 
1850 
1862 
1874 
1886 
1898 
1910 
1922 
1934 
World Wars: mobilization, destruction & rebuilding 
—
France 
—
italy 
—
Spain 
1946 
1958 
1970 
1982 
1994 
2006 
Sources: eStabstica on World Popeditio,GDP and Per Capes GDP 
iverstyol Groningen: Conference Board. Bioombeig. Data as oil Februery2013. 
See attached PDF for circled references to prior periods of long-term growth rates below zero. 
BLS 
Bureau of Labor Statistics 
CBO Congressional Budget Office 
C&1 
Commercial & Industrial 
ECB 
European Central Bank 
FRB 
Federal Reserve Board 
UCITS Undertakings for the Collective Investment of Transferable Securities 
EFTA01136760
--- PAGE 6 ---
"Tar Havens: International Tax Avoidance and Evasion", US Congressional Research Service, Jane GraveIle, January 2013 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly. any discussion of U.S. tar matters 
contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or 
recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tar-
related penalties. Note that J.P Morgan is not a licensed insurance provider. 
The material contained herein is intended as a general market commentary. Opinions expressed herein are those of Michael Cembalest and may differ from those qf other 
J.P. Morgan employees and affiliates. This information in no way constitutes J.P. Morgan research and. hould not be treated as such. Further. the views expressed herein 
may differ from that contained in J.P. Morgan research reports. The above summary4hicesiquotes/statistics have been obtained from sources deemed to be reliable, but 
we do not guarantee their accuracy or completeness, any yield referenced is indicative and subject to change. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. 
References to the performance or character of our ponfolias generally refer to our Balanced Model Portfolios constructed bylP Morgan. It is a proxylar client 
performance and may not represent actual transactions or investments in client accounts. The model portfolio can he implemented arrays brokerage or managed accounts 
depending on the unique objectives of each client and is serviced through distinct legal entities licensed for specific activities. Bank, trust and investment management 
services are provided by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA, and its affiliates. Securities are offered through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (JPMS). Member NYSE, FINRA and 
SIPC. and its affiliates globallyas local legislation pennies. Securities products purchased or sold through JPMS are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation ("FDIC,: are not deposits or other obligations rills bank or thrift affiliates and are not guaranteed by its bank or thrift affiliates: and are subject to 
investment risks, including possible loss of the principal invested. Not all investment ideas referenced are suitable for all investors. Speak with your J.P. Morgan 
Representative concerning your personal situation. This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument. Private 
Investments may engage in leveraging and other. peculative practices that may increase the risk of'investment loss, can be highly illiquid, are not required to provide 
periodic pricing or valuations to investors and may invoke complex tar structures and delays in distributing important tax information. Typically such investment ideas 
can only be offered to suitable investors through a confidential offering memorandum which fully describes all terms, conditions. and risks. High yield bonds are 
speculative non-investment grade bonds that have higher risk of 'default or other adverse credit events which are appropriate for high-risk investors only. Investments in 
commodities carry greater volatility, than investments in traditional securities. There are additional risks associated with international investing and may not be suitable 
for all investors. This material is distributed with the understanding that J.P. Morgan is not rendering accounting. legal or tax advice. You should consult with your 
independent advisors concerning such matters. 
Bank plladucts and services are offered by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. member NYSE, FINRA and 
SIPC. and other affiliates globally as local legislation permits. 
In the United Kingdom, this material is approved by.I.P Morgan International Bank Limited (JPMIB) with the registered office located at 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf. 
London Elf 5Je registered in England No. 03838766 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. In addition, this material may be distributed 
by: JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. (JPMCB) Paris branch, which is regulated by the French banking authorities Autorite de Combole Prudemiel and Auto rite des Marches 
Financiers: J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA, regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority: JPMCB Bahrain branch, licensed as a conventional wholesale bank 
by the Central Bank of Bahrain (for professional clients only): JPMCB Dubai branch, regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. 
In Hong Kong, this material is distributed by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JPMCB) Hong Kong branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore 
branch and where this material relates to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as private equity and hedge finds) in which case it is distributed 
by J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited (JPMSAPL). Both JPMCB Hong Kong branch and JPMSAPL are regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. 
In Singapore, this material is distributed by JPMCB Singapore branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch and where this material 
relates to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as a private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by J.P. Morgan (SEA.) 
Limited (JPMSEAL). Both JPMCB Singapore branch and JPMSEAL are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
With respect to countries in Latin America, the distribution of this material may be restricted in certain jurisdictions. Receipt of this material does not constitute an offer 
or solicitation to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it would be unlawful to make such offer or 
solicitation. 
Each recipient of this presentation. and each agent thereof,' may disclose to any person. without limitation, the US income andfranchLve tax treatment and tax structure of 
the transactions described herein and may disclose all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tar analyses) provided to each recipient insofar as the materials 
relate to a LS income orjkanchLve tax strategy provided to such recipient by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries. Should you have any questions regarding the 
information contained in this material or about J.P. Morgan products and. ervices. please contact your J.P. Morgan private banking representative. Additional 
information is available upon request. "J.P. Morgan" is the marketing name for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Gaits subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. This material may 
not be reproduced or circulated without J.P. Morgan.i authority. r)2013JPAlorgan Chase & Co.. All rights. reserved 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, 
and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA01136761

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136762.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136762.pdf
----------------------------------------
Eye on the Market 
April 1 2013 
J.P Morgan 
Topics: American vs European Roulette, rising US equity markets and continued European underpeformance 
Compared to Europe, the US is running easier monetary and fiscal policy, and playing a game of American Roulette: 
gambling that eventual withdrawals will take place at a time of higher growth, and will thus be less disruptive. On fiscal policy, 
after the cyclical increase in tax receipts and decline in unemployment insurance, the US fiscal deficit is projected to be —5.5% 
by the end of 2013. Assuming the sequester remains in place and interest rates remain low, CBO projects a deficit of 3.7% for 
2014 and 2.5% for 2015, with debt stabilizing at -75% of GDP. However, in 2015, mandatory entitlement spending and interest 
start to grow more rapidly. The US is tabling this issue to another day; US equity markets seem to like the idea. 
There is evidence that with the help of easy money, the US private sector is recovering. As shown below, household debt 
service has declined to 1990 levels, and the number of consumers using credit is rising again (from a low base). Modest payroll 
gains and fewer jobless claims have contributed to rising auto sales and consumer spending; this is a mild surprise given recent 
increases in payroll and income tax rates. Housing is on the mend (particularly in states worst-hit by the crisis), and inventories 
continue to decline. Home sales and home prices are rising in most locations, which are driving furniture and building supply 
sales. By the end of 2013, the % of Americans with underwater mortgages should decline below 20% from 35%4- at the peak. 
However, housing is improving off such a low base that the contribution to GDP from residential construction is only -0.5%. 
And while labor markets are getting better, they are not showing the substantial improvement the Fed cites as the criteria for 
ending its asset purchases. As a result, the Fed is adding to its 50 Trades of Grey ($2.5 trillion of US Treasury and Agency 
purchases and counting, measured in 10-year equivalents). We expect GDP growth of -2.5% by the end of the year. 
US household debt service 
Percent of disposable income 
14.0% 
13.5% 
13.0% 
12.5% 
12.0% 
11.5% 
11.0% 
10.5% 
1980 
1990 
2000 
Source: Federal Reserve Board. 
2010 
US initial jobless claims 
4-week moving average, thousands 
750 
650 • 
550 • 
450 • 
350 
250  
• 
2005 
2007 
2009 
Sou ce: Department& Labor. 
US housing Inventory Is steadily 
declining, Million units 
Real estate owned (REO 
2000 2001 2003 2005 2006 2008 2010 2011 
Source: J.P. Morgan Securities Loan 
Per to rmance. MBA. 
2011 
Foreclosure 
60+ days 
delinquent 
Homes for sale 
Percent of consumers Increasing debt 
balances (ex-student loans) 
44% 
40% 
36% 
32% 
US vs. European employment 
Percent change, 030. saar 
4% 
2% 
2% 
-4% 
6% 
28%  
• 
• 
• 
. 
• 
• 
-8% 
2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
2007 2008 2009 2010 
Sour e: FRB of KC. Empirical Research Partners. 
Source:BLS. Eurostat. 
US auto sales 
Millions, saar 
-
-
18-
- 
- 
• 
2013 
2005 
2007 
Source: Autodata 
2009 
2011 
2013 
AZ, NV, FL & CA: Phoenix rising 
Percentchange,YoY 
Real estate related 
employmeM 
-5 
Building 
-I0 
-40 
permits 
-15 
-60 
F 
-20 
-80 
-25 
1991 1995 1999 2003 2007 2011 
Soiree: BLS, Census, Empiical Research Partners. 
2011 2012 2013 
Real Personal Consumption 
Expenditures, 3-mo. °/* change-annualized 
6% 
4% 
2% 
0O/ 
-2% 
-4% 
6% 
2005 
2007 
2009 
2011 
Source: Bureau of Economic Analysis. 
2013 
Fifty Trades of Grey: Fed purchases of 
Treasuries and Agencies, a/c, of total net 
supply issued (in 10-yr equivalents, 6mm a) 
70% 
60%- 
50%- 
40%- 
30%- 
20% • 
H 
10% • 
0% 
2009 
0 
2011 
012 
2013 
Source Nomu a Securit•es.J.P. org n Securities. 
EFTA01136762
--- PAGE 2 ---
Eye on the Market I April 1, 2013 
J.P.Morgan 
Topics: American vs European Roulette, rising US equity markets and continued European underpeformance 
US business conditions are also improving, after pausing last fall during the elections and fiscal cliff debates. Spending on 
equipment and software is rising, and durable goods orders are headed in the right direction. Capacity utilization is almost back 
to normal, and the number of private establishments is growing, a sign that the US private sector has a pulse. Commercial 
real estate transactions are picking up, along with a revival in securitized lending through commercial real estate and C&I loans. 
US business spending on equipment 
and software, Billions, Real 2005 USD 
1,200 
1.100 
1.000 
900 
800 
700 
600 
500 
400 
1995 1998 2001 2004 2007 2010 
Source: Bureau of Economic Analysis. 
Number of private establishments 
Percent change. YoY 
Business spending: durable goods 
US production capacity utilization 
orders, USD, bn, non-defense ex-aircraft 
Percent, total Industry 
- 
85% 
- 
80% 
- 
75% 
- 
H 
70% 
65% 
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 
2005 
2007 
2009 
2011 
2013 
Source: Census Bureau. 
Source: Federal Reserve Board. 
Commercial real estate transaction 
volume is rising, Billions, USD 
3.0% 
160 
2.5% 
140 
2.0% • 
120 
1.5% • 
1.0% 
0.5% 
100 • 
• 
• 
0.0% 
-0.5% 
• 
•1.0% 
• 
•1.5% 
- 
2002 2004 
2006 2008 2010 
2012 
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
II Lai
'01 '02 '03 '04'05 '06 '07 '08 '09 '10 '11 '12 
Source: Real Capital Anatytics. 
Gross CLO and CMBS issuance 
Billions. USD 
250 
200 
150 
■ CMBS 
■ CLO 
100 
0•L 
• 
03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 
Source: Bridgewater. 
These are the improvements that rallying equity markets anticipated: as shown in the first below, P/E multiples on the 
S&P 500 rose over the last year despite falling earnings growth. Earnings expectations for 2013 have been falling across 
most sectors, and may weaken further before year-end; and the ratio of negative to positive earnings guidance is at its highest 
level in three years. Consequently, the latest positive economic news may be mostly a validation of the market's prior advance. 
While growth is still weak compared to prior recoveries, the recession that the Economic Cycle Research Institute was so sure 
about for 2012 never happened. We felt that 2012 and 2013 would be one of those anomalous years when equity markets would 
do better than what growth conditions alone would imply; this view still seems to be on track as the S&P 500 hits new highs. 
Better economic conditions may eventually drive households and corporations to reduce their cash holdings, which are still close 
to the highest levels on record. The Fed won't be making it easy for holders of cash: short-term policy rates may not rise until 
2015-2016. Overall, no change to the benign view we outlined for US economics and markets in our 2013 Outlook. 
Multiples rising, earnings expectations falling 
Lots of cash, everywhere 
Forward P/E ratio 
2013 exp earnings growth, YoY 
Household and corporate cash balances.% of tangible assets 
14.0x 
13.0% 28 
Expected 2013 
earnings growth 
- 12.0% 
13.5x 
13.0x 
12.5x 
12.0x - 
Forward 
PIE ratio 
11.5x 
11.0x 
Jan-12 
Apr-12 
Jul-12 
Oct-12 
Jan-13 
Source: Bloomberg, Factsel. 
• 11.0% 
• 
1952 
1962 
So rce: Federal Reserve. 
1972 
1982 
1992 
2002 
2012 
EFTA01136763
--- PAGE 3 ---
Eye on the Market  April 1.2013 
J.P.Morgan 
Topics: American vs European Roulette, rising US equity markets and continued European underpeformance 
Roulette: the European Version. The $13 billion bailout in Cyprus is small (in 2011, France and Germany made $80 billion of 
loans and grants to developing countries) and the situation is in many ways unique. However, the latest melodrama reinforces 
the inconsistent and chaotic nature of EU policy-making. Bondholders, equity investors, bank depositors and citizens of Europe 
are at risk of unpredictable outcomes as they play Eurozone Roulette. Here's where they might land on any given spin: 
Depositor confiscation and 
subordination: The EU 
eventually backed off, but the 
initial proposal for Cyprus 
involved a confiscatory tax on 
small and large Cyprus 
depositors, both foreign and 
domestic, with no loss to 
senior bond-holders 
(effectively subordinating the 
depositors). It was a 
shocking policy proposal in a 
region where confidence is 
everything: uninsured bank 
deposits range from 45% 
(Spain, Germany) to 80% 
(UK, Italy) of total bank 
deposits. Note: Laiki bank 
branches in the UK were not 
subject to deposit withdrawal 
restrictions, even though their 
branches in Cyprus were. 
Zero risk weight applied to 
sovereign bonds: Even after 
Greek bonds suffered 
principal losses, EU banks 
have the flexibility to use 0% risk weights on EU sovereign 
debt as per "IRB permanent partial use rules", regardless of the country's credit rating. 
Maastricht Ja/Nein!!!: From the inception of the Maastricht treaty in 1992 to 2008, there was not a 
single year when both France and Germany were in compliance with Maastricht debt and deficit targets. 
Today, Southern Europe is pushed to get in line ASAP. 
Loss of tax rate sovereignty: Throughout all the difficult negotiations and bailouts, Ireland was able to keep its 12.5% corporate tax rate 
despite pressure from the EU to raise it. No such luck for Cyprus, which is being forced to raise its corporate tax rate from 10%. As far as I 
know, homogenization of EU personal or corporate tax rates was never a condition for Eurozone membership. 
Changing protections for senior bank bondholders: There is nothing wrong with bondholders, uninsured depositors or other creditors 
suffering losses when they are owed by insolvent banks whose asset values are insufficient to cover them. In Ireland however, a bailout was 
structured to avoid losses on some unguaranteed senior bank bonds which were subsequently repaid (a wealth transfer from Irish citizens to 
bondholders). In Cyprus, some senior bank bondholders are no longer protected. 
Tar Haven Designation: Germany's Federal Intelligence Service concluded last fall that an aid program for Cyprus would benefit certain 
Russian depositors with billions of dollars in deposits in Cyprus, and that "Cyprus is a gateway for money laundering activities in the EU". 
Fair enough; Cyprus is seen as a personal tax haven. But according to a US Congressional Research Service report in January 2013, tax 
havens cater to both individuals and corporations. One measure of a corporate tax haven is when foreign sourced profits are very large 
relative to GDP, such that in the words of the CRS, "profits in these countries do not appear to derive from economic motives related to 
productive inputs or markets, but rather reflect income easily transferred to low-tax jurisdictions". On this measure, Luxembourg leads the 
pack at 18% of GDP, 2x higher than Cyprus and 6x higher than Switzerland, Singapore and Panama. The degree, time and place of EU 
concern about tax havens can vary substantially. 
ECB asserts preferred creditor status: The ECB owned -50 billion Euros of Greek sovereign debt that was not restructured along with the 
private sector. Typically, preferred creditor status is reserved only for entities like the IMF and World Bank. 
Proposed bonus caps on stand-alone asset management firms and UCITS funds (including regulated hedge funds): Because their 
investment activities played such a large role in the EU sovereign debt crisis? Because they were beneficiaries of official sector deposit 
insurance and lots of ECB lending? I can't find evidence of either one happening, but maybe I am not looking hard enough. 
Defenestration of your Prime 
Minister: As in the Prague 
defenestration of 1618, when 
the imperial governor was 
thrown out of a window. 
Circumstances will never be 
known with certainty, but it is 
clear that the EU put enormous 
pressure on Italian Prime 
Minster Berlusconi. In August 
2011, ECB President Trichet 
sent a letter to Berlusconi 
asking for a long list of reforms 
and a balanced budget in 
exchange for the ECB's bond 
purchasing program. 
Berlusconi's responses were 
seen as inadequate by other EU 
leaders, and Italian spreads 
widened further. Berlusconi 
lost the support of the Liga 
Norte, and was forced to resign. 
Circumstances were not that 
different in Greece, where 
Papandreou resigned in favor of 
a unity government that would 
execute EU-sought structural 
reforms, and in Spain, where 
Zapatero stepped aside to allow 
for early elections. 
EFTA01136764
--- PAGE 4 ---
Eye on the Market  April 1, 2013 
J.P Morgan 
Topics: American vs European Roulette, rising US equity markets and continued European underpeformance 
OK, enough about Cyprus. The bigger issue is that long-term 
growth conditions in Spain, Italy and France are as weak as 
they have been (other than during wartime) in over a 
century, as we first showed in October of last year and again 
last February. The chart below tells the story. While European 
sovereign debt spreads have rallied across the board, European 
bank lending to households and businesses is still declining, and 
the cost of small business loans in Italy and Spain is higher than 
both real and nominal growth. That may explain why European 
equity markets' are still trailing US counterparts (see table). As 
for Japan, we had a piece on March 18i° that walked through 
why we believe its equity markets may keep rising this year 
despite economic data that is still pretty weak: some data is so 
bad (deflation actually worsened in February) that it may lead to 
a seismic shift in monetary and fiscal policy. On Emerging 
Market equities, this year's returns are a disappointment, although 
over most longer-term time horizons, they have generated better returns. 
Michael Cembalest 
J.P. Morgan Asset Management 
Equity market returns by region 
rear 
to date 
US$ 
Local Cur 
2007-2012 
USS 
Local Cur 
S&P 500 
10.6% 
10.6% 
15% 
15% 
MSCI Europe 
2.8% 
7.1% 
-5% 
-4% 
MSCI EMU 
-0.6% 
2.4% 
-17% 
-17% 
Euro Stoxx 
-2.8% 
0.0% 
-17% 
-17% 
MSCI Japan 
11.8% 
21.6% 
-22% 
-44% 
Nikkei 
9.4% 
19.5% 
-7% 
-33% 
MSCI EM 
-1.8% 
-0.7% 
36% 
39% 
Source: Bloonte 9. Data as of March 28, 2013. 
Current long-term growth rates in France, Italy and Spain: That 19th Century Feeling 
Change in 7-year real GDP, percent. since 1820; WWI, WWII and Spanish Civil War excluded 
60% 
50% 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% 
0/ 
- 1 0% 
[World Wars: mobilization, destruction & rebuilding 
—
France 
—
Italy 
—
Spain 
1826 
1838 
1850 
1862 
1874 
1886 
1898 
1910 
1922 
1934 
1946 
1958 
1970 
1982 
1994 
2006 
Sources:gal:60es on W odd PopuLation, GDP and Per Capita GDP .1..Iniversay of Groningen; Contarence Board. Bloomberg. Data as of February 2013. 
• 
France 
Italy 
FrancaTrussian war and impact a 
Cumulative impact of 10-year 
of tariff reductions on French 
W 
Franco-Italian tariff war. *Medi 
industry 
resulted in a 60% decline in 
bilateral trade 
Great Depression. worsened by 
delayed mme by France to drop 
gold standard 
• 
• 
• 
Spain 
Caerihrow and eale of Queen Isabella II: 
collapse Cl railway boom and imancial sector 
Currency. banking sector and stock market 
crisis:impact of "New World' grain invasion 
Pan-European banking crisis: Baling 
Brothers failure after Argentine govt default: 
Pinllorera epidemic arrives in Spain 
I There are two indices most often referred to as "European equities": the Eurostoxx 50 and the MSCI Europe index. They are quite 
different. From a constituency standpoint, there is only a 26% overlap in companies included due to the higher concentration and larger 
capitalization sizes in the Eurostoxx index. The other big difference is that the MSCI Europe index (which has outperformed in recent years) 
has very large exposures to the UK (34%) and Switzerland (14%), while the Eurostoxx has none. As such, the Eurostoxx is a better 
measure of the performance of Eurozone (EMU) equities, along with the MSCI EMU (European Monetary Union) index. 
EFTA01136765
--- PAGE 5 ---
Eye on the Market 
April 1.2013 
JP Morgan 
Topics: American vs European Roulette, rising US equity markets and continued European underpeformance 
BLS 
Bureau of Labor Statistics 
CBO 
Congressional Budget Office 
C&I 
Commercial & Industrial 
ECB 
European Central Bank 
FRB 
Federal Reserve Board 
OECD 
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (France/Germany 2011 aid: OECD QWIDS database) 
UCITS 
Undertakings for the Collective investment of Transferable Securities 
"Tax Havens: International Tax Avoidance and Evasion", US Congressional Research Service, Jane Gravelle, January 2013 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tar advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. fat matters contained 
herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used. and cannot be used. in connection with the promotion, marketing or 
recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tat-related 
penalties. Note that J.P. Morgan is not a licensed insurance provider. 
The material contained herein is intended as a general market commentary. Opinions expressed herein are those of Michael Cembatest and may differ from those of other J.P. 
Morgan employees and affiliates. This information in no way constitutes1P. Aforgan research and should not be treated as such. Further. the views expressed herein may differ 
from that contained in J.P. Morgan research reports. The above summarylpricedquoiesistaris tics have been obtained from sources deemed to be reliable. but we do not 
guarantee their accuracy or completeness. any yield referenced is indicative and subject to change. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. References to the 
performance or character of our portfolios generally refer to our Balanced Model Portfolios constructed by J.P. Morgan. It is a proxy for client performance and may nor 
represent actual transactions or investments in client accounts. The model portfolio can be implemented across brokerage or managed accounts depending on the unique 
objectives of each client and is serviced through distinct legal entities licensed for specific activities. Bank. trust and investment management services are provided by JP 
Morgan Chase Bank. N.A. and its affiliates. Securities are offered through J.P. Morgan Securities LW (JPMS). Member NYSE. FINRA and SIPC. and its affiliates globally as 
local legislation permits. Securities products purchased or sold through JPMS are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"): are not deposits or 
other obligations of its bank or thrift affiliates and are not guaranteed by its bank or thrift re filiates: and are subject to investment risks. including possible loss of the principal 
invested. Not all investment ideas referenced are suitable for all investors. Speak with wurJ.P. Morgan Representative concerning your personal situation. This material is not 
intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial insimment. Private Investments may engage in leveraging and other speculative practices that may 
increase the risk of in vestment loss. can be highly illiquid. are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuations to investors and may involve complex tax structures and 
delays in distributing important tar information. Typically such investment ideas can only be offered to suitable investors through a confidential offering memorandum which 
fully describes all terms conditions. and risks. High yield bonds are speculative non-investment grade bonds that have higher risk of default or other adverse credit events 
which are appropriate for high-risk investors only. Investments in commodities carry greater volatility than investments in traditional securities. There are additional risks 
associated with international investing and may not be suitable for alt investors. This material is distributed with the understanding that J.P. Morgan is nor rendering 
accounting, legal or tar advice. You should consult with your independent advisors concerning such matters. 
Bank products and services are offered byJPMorgan Chase Bank. NA. and its affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC member NYSE. FINRA and 
SIPC and other affiliates globally as local legislation permits. 
In the United Kingdom. this material is approved byJ.P. Morgan International Bank Limited (JPMIB) with the registered office located at 25 Bank Street. Canary IWtarf. 
London EN 5JP. registered in England No. 03838766 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. In addition. this material may be distributed by: 
!Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JPMCB) Paris branch. which is regulated by the French banking authorities Auto rite de Controle Prudentiel and Amorist; des Marches 
Financiers: J.P. Morgan (Suisse) St. regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority: JPMCB Bahrain branch. licensed as a conventional wholesale bank by 
the Central Bank of Bahrain (for professional clients only): JPMCB Dubai branch. regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. 
In Hong Kong. this material is distributed by JPMorgan Chase Bank. NA. (JPMCB) Hong Kong branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch 
and where this material relates to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by J.P. 
Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited (JPMSAPL). Both JPMCB Hong Kong branch and JPMSAPL are regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. 
In Singapore. this material is distributed by JPMCB Singapore branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch and where this material relates to a 
Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as a private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by LP. Aforgan (SEA.) Limited (JPMSEAL). 
Both JPMCB Singapore branch and JPMSEAL are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
With respect to countries in Latin America. the distribution of this material may be restricted in certain jurisdictions. Receipt of this material does not constitute an offer or 
solicitation to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it would be unlawful to make such offer or 
solicitation. 
Each recipient of this presentation. and each agent thereof may disclose to any person. without limitation, the US income and franchise tax treatment and tax structure of the 
transactions described herein and may disclose all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) provided to each recipient insofar as the materials relate to a 
US income or franchise tar strategy provided to such recipient by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries. Should you have any questions regarding the information 
contained in this material or about J.P. Morgan products and services. please contact your J.P. Morgan private banking representative. Additional information is available 
upon request. "J.P. Morgan" is the marketing name for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. This material may not be reproduced or 
circulated without J.P. Morgan's authority. 0 2013 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ali rights reserved 
EFTA01136766

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136767.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L." ala> 
To: "Dowling, David" aill==>, 
Florida Science Foundation 
<jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Canceled: ALF/JE - AYH 
Date: Mon, 01 Apr 2013 14:30:31 +0000 
Importance: high 
Attachments: unnamed 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or 
any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA01136767

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136768.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Canceled: ALF/JE - AYH 
Start Date: 2013-04-01 18:30:00 +0000 
End Date: 2013-04-01 19:00:00 +0000 
Organizer: Farkas, Andrew L. c
> 
Location: JE Calls ALF Office 
Status: CANCELLED 
Attendee: Dowling, David <
.>; Florida Science Foundation 
<jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Class: PUBLIC 
Priority: 1 
DTSTAMP: 2013-04-01 14:30:29 +0000 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of 
the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information 
that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure 
agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any 
information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its 
affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital 
Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA01136768

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136769.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Yvonne Berger
To: ' 
' 
"'eevacation gmail.com" 
<eevacation@gmail.com>, Brad Wechsler 
, Lesley Groff 
Subject: Meeting with Brad Wechsler, Jeffrey Epstein & John Castrucci 
Date: Thu, 28 May 2015 19:37:23 +0000 
Attachments: unnamed 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71st Street 
Between 5th and Madison 
New York, NY 10021 
www.tnax.com 
IMAX£-J is a registered trademark of IMAX Corporation 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
Information contained in this e-mail correspondence and any attachments is confidential information intended only for the use of the individual or entity named 
above. 
Any reader of this message who is not the intended recipient of this correspondence is hereby notified that any dissemination. distribution. copying 
or communication of the contents of this correspondence is strictly prohibited. If this e-mail was not addressed to you . please immediately notify us 
by phone in Canada at (905) 403-6500 (collect calls will be accepted) or by email at webmaster@imax.com and delete and destroy this 
correspondence inadvertently sent to you. Thank you 
EFTA01136769

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136770.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Meeting with Brad Wechsler, Jeffrey Epstein & John Castrucci 
Start Date: 2015-06-02 21:00:00 +0000 
End Date: 2015-06-02 22:00:00 +0000 
Organizer: Yvonne Berger < 
Location: 9 East 71st Street (Bet. 5th & Madison Avenue) 
Status: CONFIRMED 
Attendee: 
< 
>; jeevacation@gmail.com 
<jeevacation@gmail.com>; Brad Wechsler 
; Lesley Groff 
> 
Class: PUBLIC 
Priority: S 
DTSTAMP: 2015-05-28 19:37:23 +0000 
Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
REMINDER 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71st Street 
Between 5th and Madison 
New York, NY 10021 
www.imax.com 
IMAX® is a registered trademark of IMAX Corporation. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE******************************** 
Information contained in this e-mail correspondence and any attachments is confidential 
information intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above. 
Any reader of this message who is not the intended recipient of this correspondence is hereby 
notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying 
or communication of the contents of this correspondence is strictly prohibited. If this e-mail was 
not addressed to you , please immediately notify us 
by phone in Canada at (905) 403-6500 (collect calls will be accepted) or by email at 
webmaster@imax.com and delete and destroy this 
correspondence inadvertently sent to you. Thank you 
EFTA01136770

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136771.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Fwd: B727 sale agreement with Gary 
Date: Tue, 26 Mar 2013 18:39:26 +0000 
Attachments: DKlandRKCommentstoEGAMarketingAgreement.pdf; 
executedAvproMarketingAgreement.pdf 
Jeffrey, 
attached is Gary's sales contract and Darren and Rich's revised comments in ink. 
main points: 
-Gary is requesting 50% of deposit if a purchaser walks from deal leaving deposit? do you agree? 
-180 day term, Darren thinks 60 days? 
-Gary would like to know your expectations on asking price? 
please advise how to adjust contract. 
thank you, 
Larry 
From: 
To: 
CC: 
Sent: 3/26/2013 1:11:34 
. Eastern Daylight Time 
Subj: Privileged and Confidential 
My comments to the EGA marketing agreement are attached. I have also attached the executed AVPRO agreement for 
comparison. 
I note that AVPRO agreement had: 
$150K flat fee, so if JE is ok with the $100K, then this is not out of line with what AVPRO was going to get. Please get JE's 
approval of the $100K commission 
month tail on its agreement. That is, sales to someone introduced by AVPRO within three months after termination of 
AVPRO required payment of commission. EGA wants a 180 day tail. This is a very long period of time. I would 
recommend 60 days, but ask JE. 
No provision for 50% payment of any deposit we are allowed to keep in the event a Purchaser Defaults. EGA is seeking to 
be paid 50% of any deposit that we are allowed to kep. Ask JE if ok, but 50% is too much. Why not 5% of the deposit if we 
are allowed to keep it? Again, ask JE. 
Finally, although this EGA Marketing Agreement is an exclusive 6 month agreement, there is absolutely no specific 
commitment as to what EGA is going to do to Market, promote and solicit offers for the aircraft. See for example, section 2 
of AVPRO agreement (attached) for a comparison. 
Given the difficulties in finding buyers and selling the aircraft, not sure how tough JE wants to be on any of the issues 
indicated in my comments. But they are worth mentioning. 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
EFTA01136771
--- PAGE 2 ---
email: 
********************************************************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - © 2011 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC —All rights reserved. 
On Mar 25, 2013, at 3:15 PM, Richard Kahn wrote: 
attached are my comments on agreement 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: March 25, 2013 2:27:23 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
<SKMBT_C25313032514270.pdf> 
EFTA01136772

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136773.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Stephanie Hodges < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 26 Mar 2013 20:21:36 +0000 
Attachments: Trees_untotiched_only_brush_eleared.jpg; Type_of Brush_Removed.jpg 
Mr. Epstein; 
I apologize that the incorrect plants were removed. It was my understanding during our 
discussion that you wanted the scrub and brush taken out. The project has been halted 
immediately. 
I have spoken with Chris and he had the same understanding. I apologize that we misunderstood. 
He is planning to be back on site on April 7th. I will forward photos to him and we can start to 
work up a plan to move forward with some ground cover. 
I have included some photos of the unfinished area to show the type of brush that was removed. 
Daphne is looking through her photos to see if we have anything for a before/after comparison. 
Again, please accept my apologies. We will focus on other projects until we get Chris on site and 
additional directives from you. 
Roy & Stephanie 
LSJ,LLC 
Island Manager 
6I00 Red Hook Quarters Suite B3 
St Thomas 
USVI 00802 
EFTA01136773

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136774.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136774

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136775.pdf
----------------------------------------
"t• 
at' 
- 
• 
- 1 ♦
'1/4 ' 4 
e kk
1.
e ft\ 
‘11 
EFTA01136775

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136776.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 26 Mar 2013 20:50:32 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_9559.jpeg 
EFTA01136776

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136777.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ada Clapp
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Cc: Eileen Alexanderson
Subject: Release & Indemnification Agreement 
Date: Tue, 26 Mar 2013 21:04:20 +0000 
Attachments: Clapp_commentst Leon_Black_Release_AgreementiNew)-_41510967v2_.doc 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Nice speaking with you earlier. Attached is a new track changes version of the Release & Indemnification 
Agreement. I believe I have removed the proposed revisions you objected to, but if not, please let me know. I 
will wait for your green light to forward the attached to Elyse. 
Best regards, 
Ada Clapp 
Black Family Partners 
do Apollo Management 
W 57th Street 
New York NY 10019 
email: 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: 
Pursuant to IRS regulations, I inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication 
(including attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used by any person or 
entity for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax related penalties imposed by any governmental tax authority, 
or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter discussed 
herein. I advise you to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
This message, and any attachment, is for the intended recipient(s) only and may contain information 
that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary If you are not the intended recipient, please delete 
this message. 
EFTA01136777

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136778.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daniel Sabba
To: "jeffrey C•." leevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Inline-Images: 
Vahe Ste anian < 
, Paul Morris 
, "Jeanne Brennan" 
FW: Monthly TWTR Swap Reset [SC] 
Thu, 28 May 2015 19:52:04 +0000 
612676_-_SF.DOCX 
image002.jpg 
Stewart Oldfield 
, Ariane Dwyer 
Classification: Strictly Confidential 
Jeffrey — per our conversation, in the past three reset payments, DB paid Southern Financial $1,255,898.01 ($905,092.06 for February's 
reset, $189,549.51 for March's and $161,256.44 for April's). With the $1,529,290.08 reset payment for May, Southern Financial will 
have net paid $273,392.07 to DB. 
The change in option premium as of yesterday's close was $357,952.72 in favor of Southern Financial (DB paid Southern Financial 
$728,278.28 and this option was marked yesterday at close at $370,325.56). 
Please let us know if you have questions, Daniel 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Thursday, May 28, 2015 3:39 PM 
To: Richard Kahn 
Cc: Daniel Sabba; Ariane Dwyer; Paul Morris; Stewart Oldfield; Jeanne Brennan 
Subject: Monthly TWTR Swap Reset [SC] 
Classification: Strictly Confidential 
Rich- please confirm you agree with the below details of the monthly Twitter swap settlement. 
We will call Darren to verbally confirm wire transfer to DBAG London after receipt of your approval. 
DB Receives 1,529,290.08 USD 
Reset Date: 27-May-2015 
Value Date: 01-June-2015 
Interest: 4,290.08 
Equity: 1,525,000.00 
Note that the last reset date was 4/27/2015, and additional details are included on attachment (password will follow under separate 
cover). I've also included a Bloomberg screenshot with TWTR closing prices below for your convenience. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
EFTA01136778
--- PAGE 2 ---
$TWTR US $ 
T 37.03 
+.62 
N37.02 /37.03K 
16x19 
a 
At 14:59 
Vol 13,867 990 0 36.49T 
H 37.33D 
L 36.37D 
Val 512.4811 
Twitter Inc 
Range 
Market 
View 
Period 
Currency 
High 
Low 
Average 
Net Chg 
55.42 
31.75 
43.2898 
3.23 
on 
on 
e 
10/08/14 
06/02/14 
24,423,300 
9.56% 
Vo time 
ri 05/29/15 
it 05/08/15 
37.59 
14,395,832 0 
04/17/15 
50.66 
16,676,896 
Th 05/28/15 
37.00 
13,834,808 Th 05/07/15 
37.71 
21,258,764 NI 04/16/15 
52.03 
14,313,301 
We 05/27/15 
36.41 
14,463,568 We 05/06/15 
37.26 
29,107,858 We 04/15/15 
51.30 
13,192,067 
Tu 05/26/15 
36.51 
13,068,502 Tu 05/05/15 
37.42 
22,605,023 Tu 04/14/15 
51.20 
12,231,640 
Mo 05/75/15 
Flo 05/04/IS 
37.88 
27,622,537 Mo 04/13/15 
51.62 
12,306,515 
Fr 05/22/15 
36.60 
9,861,815 Fr 05/01/15 
37.84 
37,785,543 Fr 04/10/15 
51.94 
13,271,155 
Th 05/21/15 
36.68 
17,447,682. Th 04/30/15 
38.96 
46,651,477 Th 04/09/15 
52.17 
17,877,667 
We 05/20/15 
36.78 
23,404,469 We 04/29/15 
38.49 
120,488,557 Vie 04/08/15 
52.30 
22,368,922 
Tu 05/19/15 
37.50 
26,941,996: Tu 04/28/15 
42-27 
77,336,612 Tu 04/07/15 
52.87 
37,080,755 
Mo 05/18/15 
37.28 
11,237,346 Mo 04/27/15 
51.66 
23,991,902 Mo 04/06/15 
50.84 
14,539,680 
Fr 05/15/15 
37.10 
16,799,060 Fr 04/24/IS 
50.82 
14,896,860 Fr 04/03/15 
Th 05/14/15 
37.33 
14,259,607 Th 04/23/15 
51.41 
11,490,400 Th 04/02/15 
50.42 
13,423,909 
We 05/13/15 
37.72 
14,075331 We 04/22/IS 
51.73 
11,479,493 tie 04/01/15 
50.47 
24,299,197 
Tu 05/12/15 
37.48 
11,792,938 Tu 04/21/15 
51.32 
8,461,283 Tu 03/31/15 
50.08 
23,898,381 
No 05/11/15 
3731. 
12,329,491 Mo 04/20/15 
51.40 
11,004,476 tie 03/30/15 
49.89 
20,365,393 
Vahe Stepanian 
Assistant Vice President I Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Email 
All trade execution information contained herein is being provided as an accommodation at your request in advance of your receipt of the 
official trade confirmation(s). Additional trade detail information available upon request. The terms of the trade(s) may be subject to 
change prior to settlement, and therefore the official trade confirmation(s) and account statements issued by Deutsche Bank shalt 
govern. Deutsche Bank is not responsible for any discrepancy between the informal execution report and the official trade confirmation(s) 
or account statements. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient 
(or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is 
strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication should 
not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01136779

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136780.pdf
----------------------------------------
kJ 
EFTA01136780

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136781.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136781

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136782.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136782

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136783.pdf
----------------------------------------
. 
EFTA01136783

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136784.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Faculty of 1000 <infogupdates.f1000.com> 
To: <jeeprojectgyahoo.com> 
Subject: Save the Date! You're invited to an evening in celebration of Open Science Publishing 
Date: Wed, 27 Mar 2013 16:35:57 +0000 
To ensure you receive emails from Faculty of 1000, add info@updates.f1000.com to your safelist. 
If you're having trouble viewing this message, click to view in your default browser. 
Save the Datel 
You are invited to an evening of provocative talks followed by drinks in 
celebration of Open Science Publishing, hosted by F1000Research.
WHAT: 
Challenging the Science Publishing Status Quo 
F1000Research Sets New Standards for Transparency through Open Science Publishing 
WHEN: 
Monday, April 22. 2013 
5:30pm - 8:30pm 
WHERE: 
Boston Convention Center, Room #052A 
415 Summer St. Boston. MA 02210 
Coinciding with the Experimental Biology meeting in Boston, this event brings together 
leading minds in life sciences to discuss the benefits of Open Science publishing for the 
research community. The discussion will cover the significant issues currently affecting the 
way research findings are published including: 
• 
The importance of rapid publication and the negative impact of delays: 
• 
The benefits of a completely open and transparent peer review; 
The importance of open publication of all data to enable reuse and the 
testing of reproducibility by others; 
The implications of the move towards open access (and full CC-BY access) 
by governments and funders; 
The benefits of publishing small science findings, null/negative/replication 
results, and other non-standard studies. 
WHO: 
The distinguished list of speakers from the scientific community include: 
Vitek Tracz: 
Steven Hyman: 
Keith Flaherty: 
Gary Borisy: 
Lawrence Kane: 
Chairman and Founder, F1000. and a pioneering supporter of Open 
Access 
Distinguished Service Professor of Stem Cell and Regenerative 
Biology and Scholar in Residence. Broad Institute. Harvard University 
and MIT (and past-Provost, Harvard University) 
Director of Developmental Therapeutics, Massachusetts Cancer 
Center 
Former President and Director, Marine Biological Laboratory. Woods 
Hole 
Director, Immunology Graduate Program, University of Pittsburgh 
We expect this event will fill up fast so if you and your colleagues would like to attend, please register at: 
http:l/f1000research-ebl3.eventbrite.com no later than Friday, April 12th. 
With kind regards, 
Jane and Rebecca 
EFTA01136784
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jane Hunter 
Rebecca Lawrence 
Managing Director, F1000 
Publisher, F1000Research 
You have received this message in the belief that it would be of interest. If you have any questions, please email 
Info@f1000.com. 
F1000 Research Ltd I Science Navigation Group I Registered in England and Wales with Company Number 8322928. 
Middlesex House. 3442 Cleveland Street I London, WIT 4LB I United Kingdom 
EFTA01136785

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136786.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peggy Siegal <MINIIIIMIM> 
To: "Jeffre E stein 'eevacation 
mail.com " <eevacation@gmail.com>, 
CC: Carly Grant 
Peggy Siegal <MININIMIM> 
Subject: Statement 
Date: Wed, 27 Mar 2013 17:39:48 +0000 
Attachments: SCAN6439_001jpg 
Jeffrey, 
Also, this came in yesterday. Please see attached. 
Xoxo, 
Peggy 
EFTA01136786

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136787.pdf
----------------------------------------
FULBRIGHT 
fairy, 
Y. 
A Registered Limited Liability Partnership • Tat Identification Number 744201087 
666 Fifth Avenue • New York, NY 10103-3198 
03/21/2013 
Peggy Siegal 
750 Lexington Avenue, 5th Floor 
New York. NY 10022 
Re: 
11104255 
Siegel - Estate Administration 
Attorney 
Philip J. Michaels 
REMINDER STATEMENT 
A review of our accounting records indicates that the following invoices are unpaid: 
Invoices outstanding for more than 30 days: 
Invoice 
Invoice 
Days 
Amount 
Amount 
Amount 
Date 
Number 
Outstanding 
Billed 
Paid 
Outstanding 
09/28/2012 11313254 
165 
2,261.95 
0.00 
2.261 95 
TOTAL 
$2.261.95 
$0.00 
$2,261.95 
Please disregard this reminder if these invoices were paid recently. If that is not the case, we 
would appreciate prompt payment of the balance due. However, if you need additional copies of 
the invoices listed above, if you have any other questions about the account balance, or if for 
any reason these invoices cannot be paid promptly. please call Bryan Scheer at 212.318-3234 
or e-mail him at bschaer©fulbright.com. 
" Please remit payments to: P.O. Box 844284 • Dallas, Texas 75284-4284 
EFTA01136787

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136788.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Monthly TWTR Swap Reset [SC] 
Date: Thu, 28 May 2015 20:00:27 +0000 
Attachments: 612676 - SF.DOCX 
Inline-Images: image002.jpg 
my summary is as follows: 
$ received for call sold 
728,278 
unrealized loss of closing call 5/27 
-370,326 
feb settlement less int paid 
905,092 
march settlement less int paid 
189,550 
april settlement thru 4/27 less int paid 
161,256 
may unrealized loss 5/27 with interest 
/1,529,290) 
NET UNREALIZED GAIN TWTR AS OF 5/27 
84,560 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Daniel Sabba 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation 
mail.corn>
Cc: Richard Kahn < 
, Vahe Stepanian < 
Ariane D 
er < 
>, Paul Morris < 
, "Jeanne Brennan" < 
Subject: FW: Monthly TWTR Swap Reset [SC] 
Date: May 28, 2015 at 3:52:04 PM EDT 
Classification: Strictly Confidential 
>, Stewart Oldfield 
Jeffrey — per our conversation, in the past three reset payments, DB paid Southern Financial $1,255,898.01 ($905,092.06 
for February's reset, $189,549.51 for March's and $161,256.44 for April's). With the $1,529,290.08 reset payment for 
May, Southern Financial will have net paid $273,392.07 to DB. 
EFTA01136788
--- PAGE 2 ---
The change in option premium as of yesterday's close was $357,952.72 in favor of Southern Financial (DB paid Southern 
Financial $728,278.28 and this option was marked yesterday at close at $370,325.56). 
Please let us know if you have questions, Daniel 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Thursday, May 28, 2015 3:39 PM 
To: Richard Kahn 
Cc: Daniel Sabba; Mane Dwyer; Paul Morris; Stewart Oldfield; Jeanne Brennan 
Subject: Monthly TWTR Swap Reset [SC] 
Classification: Strictly Confidential 
Rich- please confirm you agree with the below details of the monthly Twitter swap settlement. 
We will call Darren to verbally confirm wire transfer to DBAG London after receipt of your approval. 
DB Receives 1,529,290.08 USD 
Reset Date: 27-May-2015 
Value Date: 01-June-2015 
Interest: 4,290.08 
Equity: 1,525,000.00 
Note that the last reset date was 4/27/2015, and additional details are included on attachment (password will follow 
under separate cover). I've also included a Bloomberg screenshot with TWTR closing prices below for your convenience. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
Intriz us $ 
T 3 7 -03 
+.62 
N37.02/37.03K 
16x19 
At 14:59 
Vol 13,867 990 016 450T 
H17 11D 
L16 17D 
Val 512.42M 
_ 
_
TWTR US Equity 
twitter Inc 
Range 
market 
View 
Date Last Price 
Fr OS/J9/14. 
Th 05/28/15 
37.00 
We 05/27/15 
36.41 
Tu 05/26/15 
36.51 
ito 05/25/15 
xport to Excel 
Page 1/6 
Historical Price Table 
28 2014 n 
Last Price 
Price Table 
28 2015 
Volume 
Dail 
USD 
moll 
55.41 
on 
10/08/14 
Low 
31.75 
on 
06/02/14 
PI 
Average 
43.7898 
24,423,300 
Net (Is) 
3.23 
9.56% 
Volume 
Date Last Price 
Volume 
Date La 
I i 05/08/15 
37.59 
14,395,832 I i 04/1//15 
50.66 
16,676,896 
13,834,808 Th 05/07/15 
37.71 
21,258,764 I h 04/16/15 
52.03 
14,313,301 
14,463,568 We 05/06/15 
3726 
29,107,858 We 04/15/15 
51.30 
13,192,067 
13,068,502 Tu 05/05/15 
37.42 
22,605,023 Tip 04/14/15 
5120 
12,231,640 
Ho 05/04/15 
37.88 
27,622,537 Mo 04/13/15 
5162 
12,306,515 
Fr 05/22/15 
36.60 
9,861,815 Fr 05/01/15 
37.84 
37,785,543  Jr 04/10/15 
51.94 
13,271,155 
Th 05/21/15 
3468 
17,447,682 Th 04/30/15 
38.96 
46,651,477 Th 04/09/15 
52.17 
17,877,667 
We 05/20/15 
36.78 
23,404,469 We 04/29/15 
38.49 
120,488,557 We 04/08/15 
52.30 
22,368,922 
Tu 05/19/15 
3750 
26,941,996 1u 04/28/15 
42.27 
77,336,612 I u 04/07/15 
52.87 
37,080,755 
no 05/18/15 
3728 
11,237,346 Flo 04/27/15 
51_66 
23,991,902 Ito 04/06/15 
50.84 
14,539,680 
N 05/15/15 
37.10 
16,799,060 Fr 04/24/15 
50.82 
14,896,860 I i 04/03/15 
Th 05/14/15 
37.33 
14,259,607 Th 04/23/15 
51.41 
11,490,400 Th 04/02/15 
50.42 
13,423,909 
We 05/13/15 
37.72 
14,075,331 We 04/22/15 
51.73 
11,479,493 We 04/01/15 
50.47 
24,299,197 
Tu 05/12/15 
37.48 
11,792,938 Tu 04/21/15 
51.32 
8,461,283 Iu 03/31/15 
50.08 
23,898,381 
tIe 05/11/15 
37.31 
12,329,491 Flo 04/70/15 
51.40 
11,004,476 no 03/30/15 
49.89 
20,365,393 
EFTA01136789
--- PAGE 3 ---
Vahe Stepanian 
Assistant Vice President i Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Email 
All trade execution information contained herein is being provided as an accommodation at your request in advance of 
your receipt of the official trade confirmation(s). Additional trade detail information available upon request. The terms of 
the trade(s) may be subject to change prior to settlement, and therefore the official trade confirmation(s) and account 
statements issued by Deutsche Bank shall govern. Deutsche Bank is not responsible for any discrepancy between the 
informal execution report and the official trade confirmation(s) or account statements. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the 
intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender 
immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01136790

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136791.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Spotify <spotify®email.news.spotifymail.com> 
To: jeeproject®yahoo.com 
Subject: New music for you 
Date: Wed, 27 Mar 2013 20:40:12 +0000 
See what's new on Spotify I View in your browser 
Vr 
Celebrate the return of Lil Wayne, back at it with I Am Not A Human 
Being II. Check out the new album featuring hit single Love Me with 
Drake and Future here. 
New Releases 
All new releases 
IIw 
Comedown 
Machine 
The Strokes 
Delta Machine 
Native 
Depeche Mode 
OneRepublic 
App of the week 
Hear the best albums. 
songs and playlists 
handpicked by Rolling 
Stone editors. 
Viral Charts 
channel ORANGE 
Frank Ocean 
S. 
Up In Tho Air 
Seconds To Mars 
p 
Song For Zula 
Phosphorescent 
EFTA01136791
--- PAGE 2 ---
a 
p 
Based on a 
True Story... 
Blake Shelton 
Spotify picks 
Ili 
Oblivion 
M83 
April Fool's 
ADA 
Absolute Zero 
Little Green Cars 
Tune in to comedy greats both new and old like Aziz Ansari, 
Daniel Tosh, Patton Oswalt, Louie C.K. and Chris Hardwick. 
Laugh now and make every day April Fools! 
April Giggles 
Spotify 
More giggles with our Staff Comedy Picks! Get your fix of 
side-splitting gags courtesy of Robin Williams, Bill Cosby, 
Eddie Murphy and more. 
!LI 
Soundset 2013 
Rhymesayer, 
Subscribe for your chance to win tickets to this year's 
Soundset festival in Shakopee, MN! Listen now for cuts from 
the likes of Atmosphere, Snoop Dogg, Mac Miller, Tech N9ne 
and Busta Rhymes. 
Listen now 
Jimi Hendrix 
Retrospective 
Jimi Hendrix Experience 
l'ircfpffs 
Listen to Jimi's extraordinary back catalogue along with the 
brand new studio album People, Hell and Angels. Subscribe 
and you could win the ultimate Jimi Hendrix prize pack —
including his entire discography, exclusive swag and Spotify 
Premium! 
Off With Their Heads 
Ryan Young 
Listen to this playlist from Ryan of punk band Off With Their 
Heads, complete with some of his influences and favorites. 
I LI r1.127o3; 
Get the Spotify app 
Pompeii 
Bastille 
Sweater Weather 
The Neighbourhood 
Just Give Me a Reason 
P!nk 
Believer 
Arnencan Authors 
Pusher Love Girl 
Justin Timberlake 
Mirrors 
Justin Timberlake 
EFTA01136792
--- PAGE 3 ---
; 11
..; 
; 11
..; 
; 11
..; 
; 11
..; 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
Desktop ► 
iPad ► 
iPhone ► 
Android ► 
This message ..‘as sent to 
you don't 
M receive these erralls from Spotify in the future you can change your entail 
settings or unsubscnbe. Sootily USA Inc. 76 9th Avenue. Suite 1110. 11th Floor. New York. NY 10 011 USA. 
Terms of Use I Privacy Policy I Contact Use, Forgot Password? 
EFTA01136793

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136794.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:12:07 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_0417.jpg 
EFTA01136794

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136795.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136795.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: President <a> 
To: 
Subject: Message from Leon Botstein 
Date: Wed, 27 Mar 2013 21:36:58 +0000 
Attachments: Botstein_Hungary_Tom-2.docx; Barsony_Hungary_edited.doc; Szeged_Mass_Laki.docx 
Dear Jeffrey, 
I am including some more reading material which is a bit different from what has been sent to you. 
There are three short essays, one by me and two by colleagues, describing the next ASO concert--the last of the 
season--scheduled in early May. If you read what we have written, it will become a bit clearer that what we are 
doing is more important and worthwhile than some of your research seems to suggest. 
Leon 
EFTA01136795

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136796.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:12:36 +0000 
Inline-Images: 1MG_0398jpg 
EFTA01136796
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136797

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136798.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136798.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:13:20 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_0235.jpg 
EFTA01136798
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136799

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136800.pdf
----------------------------------------
— 
uele-
-er 
• 
'ruder" 
Itt 
" 
• 
6.4". "- 
IsaLcitews.
rat' 
EFTA01136800

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136801.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136801.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:15:27 +0000 
Inline-Images: 1MG_9900.jpg 
EFTA01136801

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136802.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE ANNALS OF 
UNSOLVED CRIME 
THE UNTOLD STORY BEHIND 
HISTORY'S MOST NOTORIOUS 
SSASSINATIONS 
PLANE CRASHES 
Murders! 
Suicides! 
DISAPPEARANCES 
AND OTHER ACTS OF DESTRUCTION 
eY EDWARD JAY EPSTEIN 
EFTA01136802

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136803.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:16:20 +0000 
Inline-Images: 1MG_9595jpg 
EFTA01136803

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136804.pdf
----------------------------------------
LANSDCAPE SERVICES PROPOSAL 
3/22/13 
Project Name: Zorro Ranch Phase One 
Area between Main Bldg and Staff House - DOG RUN area: 
Plant Removal to prepare for new plantings 
Upper Terrace by Kitchen: 
Remove two ponderosa trees, grind stump, dispose to dump trailer by owner 
Transplant Hawthorn to new location by the building 
Upper Terrace by the Library: 
Remove one Juniper, cut stump below grade, dispose to dump trailer by owner 
Remove misshapen Hawthorn by the Juniper 
Transplant Hawthorn to new location by the building 
Bowl Garden Terrace by the Pool and transition area to the native landscape on 
both sides: 
Prune privctts and other shrubby plants at transition zone 
Prune dccidious trees at pool entrance 
Library/ Office Terrace 
Prune and shape dogwood 
Prune and shape plants in transition zone outside stone wall all the way to water feature 
at the end of chess lawn 
Remove and stockpile catmint for transplanting in Ph. 2 
Chess Lawn Garden 
Prune, shape, amend and replant Spirea at fountain to balance 
Shape and prune groupings of sumacs 
Shape and prune dogwood 
Shape and prune dccidious trees on both sides of the lawn 
Grand Entry Area 
Move Spirea to back of planter in all quadrants to prepare for Juniper infill 
Remove ornamental grass behind existing Ponderosa 
Shape and prune holly throughout as needed to balance 
Shape and prune Viburnum in all quadrants and alongside back of garage for balance 
Phase One Total (excluding sales tax): 
$7,638.62 
EFTA01136804

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136805.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136805.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:17:38 +0000 
Inline-Images: 1MG_9492jpg 
EFTA01136805
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136806

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136807.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 28 Mar 2013 11:11:49 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
".r4 
HERMES 
BALI BARRET 
S
ieee4 Jal-apae 
Se *re ,
Wptive44Jeminin 
HERMES INTERNATIONAL 
24, RUE OU FAUBOURG SAINT-HONORE - 75008 PARIS 
TEL ISO 
FAX 
E-MAIL 
EFTA01136807

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136808.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136808.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:19:00 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_9210.jpg 
EFTA01136808

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136809.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 28 Mar 2013 11:15:40 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
tci 
HERMES 
AXEL DUMAS 
(//e;.erieeinoL 
HERMES INTERNATIONA 
24. RUE DU FAUBOURG SAINT-HONORE -75008 PARI 
TEL 
- FAX 
E-MAIL 
EFTA01136809

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136810.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Inline-Images: 
Jeffrey <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
B 
M`l 
Thu, 28 Mar 2013 11:33:45 +0000 
photo.JPG 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136810

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136811.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136811.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
.<1 
Subject: Boris 
Date: Thu, 28 Mar 2013 11:35:17 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
o 
for all the 
os .Sent from m iPhone 
EFTA01136811

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136812.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:20:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_9153.jpg 
EFTA01136812

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136813.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mai-Li Hammargren  
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: NYC 
Date: Thu, 28 Mar 2013 12:40:06 +0000 
Attachments: Mutewatch_Svart_by_Jesper Nyren_.pdf 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Please find the presentation of the artist edition that I mentioned last fall. It has been very well received and I 
would love to pop by to show it to you in person. 
I think this would be a great gift to give for your team and network for Christmas. 
I am in New York next week. Would you be able to meet the 5 or 6th by any chance? 
Many thanks, 
Mai-Li 
nov 2012 kl. 02:51 skrev Mai-Li Hammargren  
f;s: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Thank you for the reply and hope to see you soon. 
We will launch a special edition together with an artist on Tuesday. This is the first news that we launch since 
last year when launching the product. I'm happy to send you the press release if you want to? 
All the best and hope you are well, 
Mai-Li 
Mai-Li Hammargren 
CEO and co-founder 
Mutewatch AB 
Pontonjargatan 36 
11237 Stockholm 
January 8-11 2013 we will attend CES in Las Vegas. Let us know if you will be there! 
nov 2012 kl. 17.48 skrev Jeffrey Epstein: 
EFTA01136813
--- PAGE 2 ---
not in ny until friday 
On Sun, Nov 11, 2012 at 5:51 PM, Mai-Li Hammargren < 
l> wrote: 
Hi Barbro, thank you for the introduction! 
Dear Jeffrey, 
I'm in New York until Tuesday and wanted to catch up to see how you are! Please let me know if you would 
have the time for short meeting tomorrow? I just visited MoMA that now sell our product Mutewatch now 
in New York and it would be great to tell you of the first year and also check if you are still interested to 
purchase the watch! 
Thank you and hope you are fine! 
All my best, 
Mai-Li 
Mai-Li Hammargren 
CEO and co-founder 
Mutewatch AB 
Pontonjargatan 36 
11237 Stockholm 
January 8-11 2013 we will attend CES in Las Vegas. Let us know if you will be there! 
nov 2012 kl. 09.53 skrev Barbro C Ehnbom: 
Hi Mai Li and Jeffrey! 
Get together in NYC maybe on Monday? I am in Stockholm already-looking forward hearing from you 
Jeffrey when you are coming to our dark cold country!! Much love BE 
Barbro C. Ehnbom 
Sent from iPad 
Nov 11, 2012 kl. 5:15 AM skrev Mai-Li Hammargren < 
Kara Barbro, 
Hur ar det? 
Jag är i New York Crain till tisdag och tiinkte bara skriva ctt hej. 
>: 
EFTA01136814
--- PAGE 3 ---
På tisdag släpper vi en specialversion av Mutewatch ihop med en konstnär. Vill du att jag skickar press 
releasen då du vet vad som händer? 
Hoppas det är bra! 
Varm hälsning, 
Mai-Li 
ps tror du Jeffrey Epstein fortfarande är intresserad av att köpa Mutewatch? 
Mai-Li Hammargren 
CEO and co-founder 
Mutewatch AB 
Pontonjärgatan 36 
11237 Stockholm 
January 8-11 2013 we will attend CES in Las Vegas. Let us know if you will be there! 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attomey-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all fights reserved 
EFTA01136815

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136816.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mai-Li Hammargren  
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: NYC 
Date: Thu, 28 Mar 2013 12:43:57 +0000 
Attachments: Mutewatch_Svart_by_Jesper Nyren_.pdf 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Please find the presentation of the artist edition that I mentioned last fall. It has been very well received and I 
would love to pop by to show it to you in person. 
I think this would be a great gift to give for your team and network for Christmas. 
I am in New York next week. Would you be able to meet the 5 or 6th by any chance? 
Many thanks, 
Mai-Li 
nov 2012 kl. 02:51 skrev Mai-Li Hammargren  
f;s: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Thank you for the reply and hope to see you soon. 
We will launch a special edition together with an artist on Tuesday. This is the first news that we launch since 
last year when launching the product. I'm happy to send you the press release if you want to? 
All the best and hope you are well, 
Mai-Li 
Mai-Li Hammargren 
CEO and co-founder 
Mutewatch AB 
Pontonjargatan 36 
11237 Stockholm 
January 8-11 2013 we will attend CES in Las Vegas. Let us know if you will be there! 
nov 2012 kl. 17.48 skrev Jeffrey Epstein: 
EFTA01136816
--- PAGE 2 ---
not in ny until friday 
On Sun, Nov 11, 2012 at 5:51 PM, Mai-Li Hammargren  
l> wrote: 
Hi Barbro, thank you for the introduction! 
Dear Jeffrey, 
I'm in New York until Tuesday and wanted to catch up to see how you are! Please let me know if you would 
have the time for short meeting tomorrow? I just visited MoMA that now sell our product Mutewatch now 
in New York and it would be great to tell you of the first year and also check if you are still interested to 
purchase the watch! 
Thank you and hope you are fine! 
All my best, 
Mai-Li 
Hammargren 
CEO and co-founder 
Mutewatch AB 
Pontonjargatan 36 
11237 Stockholm 
January 8-11 2013 we will attend CES in Las Vegas. Let us know if you will be there! 
nov 2012 kl. 09.53 skrev Barbro C Ehnbom: 
Hi Mai Li and Jeffrey! 
Get together in NYC maybe on Monday? I am in Stockholm already-looking forward hearing from you 
Jeffrey when you are coming to our dark cold country!! Much love BE 
Barbro C. Ehnbom 
Sent from iPad 
Nov 11, 2012 kl. 5:15 AM skrev Mai-Li Hammargren
Kara Barbro, 
Hur ar det? 
Jag är i New York fram till tisdag och tankte bara skriva ett hej. 
EFTA01136817
--- PAGE 3 ---
PA tisdag slapper vi en specialversion av Mutewatch ihop med en konstnar. Vill du att jag skickar press 
releasen di du vet vad som Milder? 
Hoppas det ar bra! 
Varm halsning, 
Mai-Li 
ps tror du Jeffrey Epstein fortfarande ar intresserad av att kopa Mutewatch? 
Mai-Li Hammargren 
CEO and co-founder 
Mutewatch AB 
Pontonjargatan 36 
11237 Stockholm 
January 8-11 2013 we will attend CES in Las Vegas. Let us know if you will be there! 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136818

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136819.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136819.pdf
----------------------------------------
/ 
likAt
ioasAr 
EFTA01136819
--- PAGE 2 ---
SVART 
The starting point for this collaboration with Mutewatch, was an idea 
concerning time and reiteration. I have created a kaleidoscopic pattern 
based upon crystalline shapes that recur, reverse and alternate between 
colours. 
The pattern is formed in relation to the Mutewatch's specific structure 
and characteristics and is designed to convey thoughts of the course of 
time, as well as jewellery and ornaments. 
Jesper Nyrin 
ARTIST 
Jesper Nyren graduated from the Royal Institute of Art in Stockholm in 
2007 and has since then worked as an artist, conducting several one-man 
exhibitions and public pieces. An interest in the physical and linguistic 
potential within the art of painting dominates Nyren's artistry. 
With history of abstract painting as his starting point, Nyren explores the 
relationship between shape and content, between painting and archi-
tecture and between nature and construction. In everything from small 
intimate artworks to large formations, he creates situations in which the 
observer's vision and curiosity is at the centre of attention. 
Geometric shapes serve as a framework for Nyren, where colour and 
material play a prominent role and where ideas can be moulded into the 
shape of signs and relationships rather than images. 
.0 
if Sr 
le it SS 
t e l 
EFTA01136820
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01136821
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01136822

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136823.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136823.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:22:04 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_9044jpg 
EFTA01136823
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136824

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136825.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136825.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136825

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136826.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136826.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:24:58 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_8416.jpg 
EFTA01136826

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136827.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136827.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:25:56 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_8294.jpg 
EFTA01136827

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136828.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136828.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:27:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_8249.jpg 
EFTA01136828

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136829.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kickstarter HQ <no-replygkickstarter.com> 
To: jeevacationgginail.coin 
Subject: Projects We Love: Nailed it 
Date: Thu, 28 Mar 2013 18:34:11 +0000 
Having trouble viewing this email? View It online instead 
[s r:This Week on Kickstarter 
March 28, 2013 
This week we're all about transformation — from turning our nails into works of art, 
to learning how roads evolved from bike paths to highways, to literally turning 
ourselves into someone else. 
ISCRATCH: collaboratively designed 
nail polish wraps! 
SCRATCH: collaboratively designed nail polish 
wraps! 
by Chelsea Kent 
;
.1category Fashion 
oration Los Angeles. CA 
Scratch off 
Sometimes we just want to swag out our nails, 
but using nail polish to make the patterns of 
our dreams isn't always that easy. Scratch is 
dedicated to making sure your nails pop, and 
with nail wraps from some amazing designers 
and illustrators, you'll be sitting pretty in no 
time. 
EXPLORE THIS PROJECT 
EFTA01136829
--- PAGE 2 ---
Roads Were Not Built For Cars book 
& Kindle & iPad versions 
Highways and Biways 
Roads Were Not Built For Cars book & Kindle & 
iPad versions 
by Canton Reid 
giCategory Nonfiction 
;l
ocation Newcastle. United Kingdom 
Most of us make use of roads every day 
without thinking twice about where they came 
from, or even why they exist. In his new book, 
Carlton Reid explores exactly that, delving into 
the history of roads in the US and UK, their 
place in a society, and their roots in cycling. 
EXPLORE THIS PROJECT 
Twinsies VOLUME II 
Transformation 
Cheyne Gallarde wants to turn himself into 
you. That's right: what began as a reward tier 
in his Universe of One project is now an entire 
project of its own. Send a photo of yourself to 
Cheyne and he'll transform himself into you. If 
you've ever wanted to be "Cindy Shermaned", 
now's your chance! 
EXPLORE THIS PROJECT 
Twinsies VOLUME II 
by Cheyne Gallarde 
giCategory Photography 
;l
ocation Honolulu, HI 
Check out even more projects right from your phone! 
Love these projects too? 
R, Share on 
Share on 
Get the Kickstarter app 
Don't want to keep getting the newsletter? mars okay. you can unsubscribe. 
Copyright 2013 Kickstarter Inc. 155 Rivington Street, New York. NY 10002 
EFTA01136830

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136831.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136831.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136831

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136832.pdf
----------------------------------------
•.ti 1 
EFTA01136832

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136833.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136833

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136834.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136834

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136835.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136835.pdf
----------------------------------------
-", 
EFTA01136835

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136836.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136836

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136837.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136837

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136838.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136838

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136839.pdf
----------------------------------------
ar "r1 
EFTA01136839

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136840.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136840

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136841.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136841.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136841

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136842.pdf
----------------------------------------
_ 
EFTA01136842

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136843.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136843

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136844.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136844

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136845.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136845

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136846.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136846.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136846

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136847.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136847

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136848.pdf
----------------------------------------
-1 
EFTA01136848

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136849.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136849

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136850.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136850.pdf
----------------------------------------
imumj
EFTA01136850

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136851.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136851

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136852.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136852.pdf
----------------------------------------
amiN 
EFTA01136852

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136853.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136853

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136854.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136854

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136855.pdf
----------------------------------------
%kelt, le 
EFTA01136855

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136856.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136856.pdf
----------------------------------------
ata .1 
rt er
e..sarmari 
EFTA01136856

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136857.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136857

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136858.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136858.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136858

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136859.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136859.pdf
----------------------------------------
'rl;;_ 
. i. - .7 
EFTA01136859

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136860.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136860.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136860

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136861.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136861

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136862.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136862.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136862

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136863.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136863.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136863

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136864.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136864.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136864

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136865.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136865.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136865

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136866.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136866

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136867.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136867

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136868.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136868

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136869.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136869

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136870.pdf
----------------------------------------
C•-• 
EFTA01136870

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136871.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136871.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:32:44 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_1156.jpg 
EFTA01136871
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136872

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136873.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:34:46 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_1116.jpg 
EFTA01136873

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136874.pdf
----------------------------------------
NEW YORK ,IJNIVE 
EFTA01136874

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136875.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136875.pdf
----------------------------------------
ST  
lVERSITY 
EFTA01136875

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136876.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136876.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Contact 
Date: Fri, 29 Mar 2013 07:28:13 +0000 
BEGIN:VCARD 
VERSION:3.0 
PRODID:-//A le Inc.//iOS 6.1//EN 
N:H. Text 
FNS 
Text 
TEL;type=CELL;type=VOICE;type=pre£+46 70-797 92 83 
END:VCARD 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01136876

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136877.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136877.pdf
----------------------------------------
Please confirm that you received this email and have told maitre guyot that Jeffrey will arrive at 2 
2:30. Thx 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
> From: Darren Indyke S 
Dater
To:
> Subject: Privileged and Confidential 
> 
> Please tell Maitre Guyot that Jeffrey will be there tomorrow at 1230 instead of 11:30. He is out 
side of Paris. Thanks 
> 
> Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01136877

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136878.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136878.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ma! 
dll 
I 
.L 
EFTA01136878

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136879.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Karyna Shuliak
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:39:31 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_1533.jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: <jeevacation©gmail.com>
Date: Sun, May 24, 2015 at 7:49 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jcemacathan@gulail.C.02> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA01136879
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacni  n@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights resented 
EFTA01136880

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136881.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationggmail.corn> 
Subject: AYH Cash Flow 
Date: Tue, 26 Mar 2013 13:13:57 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT C25313031410080.pdf 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
EFTA01136881

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136882.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Karyna Shuliak <1 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:39:53 +0000 
Inline-Images: 1MG_1573jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, May 24, 2015 at 7:51 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein icevacatiou@gulacclup
EFTA01136882
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136883
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacatioa@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136884

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136885.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
_ _ 
.••••• 
_ 
_ 
ent•Nilla 
it • "••• 
- 
IS
-Cam:Ws 
fta 
- 
•••.? • 
co. 
i; • 
'r•:•••C O 
• 
ri 
ith
lra 
I.  
. 1:• • = •  
••. 
• 
_ 
z"
-
--r 
- 
_ 
• 
- 
- 
- 
• 
•••• 
..•- •t 
I I 
- 
•••. 
•
•• 
- 
• 
. 
•••••r• 
t.- - 
- 
EFTA01136885

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136886.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: US GIO <us.gio®jpmorgan.com> 
To: Undisclosed recipients:; 
Subject: L Capital Asia 2, LP - Prospective Investor Call - Tuesday, April 9, 2013, 9:00am 
NY/2:00pm London 
Date: Tue, 26 Mar 2013 14:44:12 +0000 
Attachments: L_Capital_Asia_2,LP_-_Prospective_Investor_Call_Invitation_2013.04.09i9am_EST)-
pdhip 
J.P. Morgan invites you to participate in a prospective investor conference call for 
L Capital Asia 2, L.P. 
The Asia Pacific region is expected to be the greatest source of global economic growth over the next 5 yearsl as rapid 
urbanization and an expanding middle class are expected to drive domestic consumption. 
L Capital Asia (the "Firm") is an Asian-focused private equity firm with a unique sponsorship by LVMH Wet Hennessey 
Louis Vuitton S.A. ("LVMH")2, a world leader in luxury goods. LVMH supports L Capital throughout the entire investment 
process, including: proprietary deal sourcing, industry-specific due diligence, operational initiatives and exit strategy. 
In addition, the Firm has developed a deep and experienced team of 23 investment and operations professionals with 
strong expertise across the consumer sector. 
L Capital Asia 2 ("Fund 2") will target $800 million in commitments and a portfolio of approximately 12-15 companies. 
Fund 2 is expected to invest in aspirational, affordable and alternative brands and select retail franchises that target 
middle and upper-middle market consumers in China, Southeast Asia, and India. 
Hosted by 
Ravi Thakran 
Founder, L Capital Asia 
Date: Tuesday, April 9th, 2013 
Time: 9:00am NY/ 2:OOpm London 
Call-in Numbers: 
Within the U.S.: 866-256-4684 
Outside the U.S.: +1-706-634-5299 
Hong Kong: 800-966-253 
Singapore: 800-101-1512 
Passcode: ASIA 
To view the slides associated with this presentation, CLICK HERE during the live call 
Event password: asia 
The Conference Call will be replayed through May 10th, 2013 
Within the U.S.: 855-859-2056 
Outside the U.S.: +1-404-537-3406 
Hong Kong: 800-930-800 
Singapore: 800-101-1464 
Passcode: 26885944 
EFTA01136886
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please contact your I.P. Morgan representative if you have any questions. 
This invitation is confidential and intended solely for the use of I.P. Morgan professionals and the clients/prospects to 
whom it has been delivered. It is not to be reproduced or distributed to any other person except to the client's 
professional advisors. 
Private investments are subject to special risks and individuals must meet specific suitability standards before investing. 
This information does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the interests of L Capital Asia 2, LP. 
No offering of interests of the Fund may be made by any literature, advertising or document in whatever form other than 
the confidential private placement memorandum. As a reminder, hedge funds (or funds of hedge funds), private equity 
funds, real estate funds and the like: Often engage in leveraging and other speculative investment practices that may 
increase the risk of investment loss; Can be highly illiquid; Are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuation 
information to investors; May involve complex tax structures and delays in distributing important tax information; Are not 
subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds; and often charge high fees. Further, any number of conflicts 
of interest may exist in the context of the management and/or operation of any such fund. For complete information, 
please refer to the applicable offering memorandum. Securities are made available through I.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 
Member FINRA, NYSE and SIPC, and its broker-dealer affiliates. 
1Source: Global Insight, March 2012. 
2"LVMH" consists of several entities, including LVHM Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton S.A. and Groupe Arnault. 
Investment Products: -Not FDIC Insured -No Bank Guarantee -May Lose Value 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, 
and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://wwwjpmorgan.corn/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA01136887

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136888.pdf
----------------------------------------
.1
EFTA01136888

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136889.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136889.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel ca. 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: The, 26 Mar 2013 16:01:46 +0000 
Attachments: 20130326 155403jpg 
EFTA01136889

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136890.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136890.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136890

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136891.pdf
----------------------------------------
‘1.1.:. • 
a- 
y
aeli=alaffets,:gaie-ei
EFTA01136891

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136892.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136892.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daphne Wallace <dlbwallace@grnail.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Roy Hodges <7778hodges@gmail.com>, Stephanie Hodges <Isj.island@gmail.com>, Rich 
Kahn <richardkahn12®gmail.com>, Sarah K csarahk525@me.com> 
Subject: Photographs - March 26, 2013 
Date: Tue, 26 Mar 2013 17:43:51 +0000 
Attachments: Main compound_
 Main_compound_-
_landing_progress_(2).JPG; Main_compoundn
landing_progress_(3).JPG; 
Main compound_
 Main_compound_-
_landing_progress_(5).JPG; Main_compoundn
landing_progress_(6).JPG; 
Main compound_
 Maincompound_- 
_landing_progress_(8).JPG; Main_compoundn
landing_progress_(9).JPG; 
Main compound_
 Main_compound_-
_landing_progress_(11).JPG; Main_compoundn
landing_progress_(12).JPG; 
Main_compound_-_landing_progress_(13).JPG; Main compound_
Main compound_
Helicopter wall_progrest(1).JPG; Helicopter wall_progress_(2).JPG; 
Helicopter wall_progress_(3).JPG; Helicopter wall_progress_(4).JPG; 
Helicopter wall_progress_(5).JPG; Helicopter wall_progress_(6).JPG; 
Helicopter wall_progress_(7).JPG; Flagpole_pool_area_clearing_(1).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_area_clearing_(2).JPG; Flagpole_pool_area_clearing_(3).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_area_clearing_(4).JPG; Flagpole_pool_area_clearing_(5).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_area_clearing_(6).JPG; Flagpole_pool_area_clearing_(7).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_cabana_cables_runs_tmder_tile_(1).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_cabana_cables_runs_tmder tile_(2).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_cabana_cables_runs_tmder tile_(3).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_cabana_prep_work_for towel_warmer install_(1).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_cabana_prep_work_for towel_warmer install_(2).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_cabana_prep_work_for towel_warmer install_(3).JPG; 
Flagpole_pool_gate_realigned.JPG; Docking_area_aligned_with_building_(1).JPG; 
Docking_area_aligned_with_building_(2).JPG; 
Docking_area_aligned_with_building_(3).JPG; 
Docking_area_aligned_with_building_(4).JPG; Info_center_driveway.JPG; 
Info_centerfans.JPG; Master_bath_exterior mirrors.JPG; 
Sarah's_office_ceiling_grate_cover.JPG; Rabbit_lights_aligned_(1).JPG; 
Rabbit lights_aligned_(2).JPG; RO_roof clean_up_progress.JPG; 
Dock Rouse_thatch_removed.JPG; Engineering_area_-
_plumbing_of exterior_hose_bibs_(1).JPG; Engineering_area_-
_plumbing_of exterior_hose_bibs_(2).JPG; Main_compound_berm_(1).JPG; 
Main_compound_berm_(2).JPG; Dump_site_cleaned_up_(1).JPG; 
Dump_site_cleaned_up_(2).JPG; Dump_site_cleaned_up_(3).JPG; 
Dump_site_cleaned_up_(4).JPG; Temporary_dump_site_(1).JPG; 
Temporary_dump_site_(2).JPG; Truck_tires_on_site.JPG 
Greetings Mr. Epstein, 
March 26 photographs for your review and comments: 
Main compound stone landing progress 
Helicopter wall progress 
Flagpole pool area clearing 
EFTA01136892
--- PAGE 2 ---
Flagpole pool cabana cables run under tile 
Flagpole pool cabana prep work for towel warmer installation 
Flagpole pool cabana gate re-aligned 
Engineering area docking area aligned with Mechanical Building 
Info center driveway matting 
Info center fans 
Master bath exterior mirrors 
Sarah's office ceiling grate cover 
Rabbit lights across from gorilla triangle re-aligned 
RO roof cleanup progress 
Dock house thatch removal 
Engineering area plumbing of exterior hose bibs 
Main compound berm 
Dump site clean up 
Temporary dump site 
Truck tires on site 
Respectfully submitted, 
Daphne 
EFTA01136893

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136894.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
EFTA01136894

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136895.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136895

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136896.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136896.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136896

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136897.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136897

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136898.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136898.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136898

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136899.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136899

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136900.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136900.pdf
----------------------------------------
a
-
EFTA01136900

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136901.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136901.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136901

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136902.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136902.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136902

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136903.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136903.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136903

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136904.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136904.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136904

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136905.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136905.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
• 
Cs-t e 
r • 
EFTA01136905

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136906.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136906

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136907.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136907

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136908.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136908

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136909.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136909.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136909

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136910.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136910.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136910

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136911.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136911

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136912.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136912

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136913.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136913.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136913

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136914.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136914.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136914

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136915.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136915.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136915

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136916.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136916

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136917.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136917.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
,S; 
EFTA01136917

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136918.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136918.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136918

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136919.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136919

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136920.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136920.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136920

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136921.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136921.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136921

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136922.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136922

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136923.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136923

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136924.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136924.pdf
----------------------------------------
,1'Y \, 
,, 
EFTA01136924

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136925.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136925

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136926.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136926.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136926

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136927.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136927.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136927

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136928.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136928.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136928

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136929.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136929.pdf
----------------------------------------
V
EFTA01136929

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136930.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136930

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136931.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136931.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136931

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136932.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136932.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136932

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136933.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136933.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136933

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136934.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136934

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136935.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136935.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136935

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136936.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136936.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136936

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136937.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136937.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136937

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136938.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136938

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136939.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136939.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136939

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136940.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136940.pdf
----------------------------------------
43SC
I ff i )14;"181.4
 a‘""
< 
.1"
at 
EFTA01136940

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136941.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136941.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136941

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136942.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136942.pdf
----------------------------------------
If 
EFTA01136942

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136943.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136943.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136943

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136944.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136944.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136944

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136945.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136945

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136946.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136946

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136947.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136947

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136948.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136948

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136949.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136949

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136950.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136950.pdf
----------------------------------------
.*4 
EFTA01136950

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136951.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136951.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136951

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136952.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136952.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136952

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136953.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136953.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
To: Karyna Shuliak <1 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:40:38 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_088 1 jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, May 24, 2015 at 7:58 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein icevacatiou@gmagom>
EFTA01136953
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01136954
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacatioa@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136955

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136956.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136956.pdf
----------------------------------------
ti
EFTA01136956

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136957.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136957.pdf
----------------------------------------
4,,MPOP.
fleissaM ball 
.w.,,Skriat,NecNiz 
y,may
50.41;;;:e)-54e'S•(!.^,Pro.::*tze
41,-Set.::+;:rf%:‘, %et's" • 
• 
Ao0.S0Pcsi4/• 04444..
yr,
• me, se, 444 '.)rt 
si err ve, 
• 
ef
r"; 
k/ 4'1
*/ 
, t 4 
4,1
r 
• 
•/. 4f
• 
• 
)
• 
4+ • 
41' 
ri;  
/ 
"I A ` •A 
4-* 
' 1
-
.
/ 
EFTA01136957

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136958.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136958.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Karyna Shuliak
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:41:11 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_1443jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, May 24, 2015 at 8:02 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jetyacalion@gmail cow>
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136958

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136959.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136959.pdf
----------------------------------------
a
EFTA01136959

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136960.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Karyna Shuliak <1 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:41:31 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_0619.jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, May 24, 2015 at 8:04 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leraacatioragmacQm> 
EFTA01136960
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA01136961
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacni  n@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights resented 
EFTA01136962

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136963.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136963.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Karyna Shuliak <1 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:41:41 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_0588jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, May 24, 2015 at 8:05 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein icevacatiou@gmagam>
EFTA01136963
--- PAGE 2 ---
Clis 
I 
EFTA01136964
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacatioa@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136965

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136966.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136966.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136966

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136967.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136967

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136968.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136968.pdf
----------------------------------------
- Co' 
. 
s - - 
• 
ce
1411• 
•••••••••• 
• 
- •••• 
Vb. • 
;el% 
• 
4.. Si' 
. 
• 
.• 
• . 
lita• 
42184
a 
a g 
At 4:0. 
"Eli C . 7. l
e  
sc 
r
t---- - ,t, 
• et 
.4fresciiiiit sous r  4_
 . 
•
• 
4, 
e
•
a 
• fiCS4 
j 
ib  4 17 
wiz% 
ea 
;a 
r`.;‘% • -
• 
• 
a
te  • 
• di • a 
- 
at:  
.0 
tg•al
•
.11 a 
• ti 
le•
• • , °alb 
ab • e %
r• 
• • A. • aht414  
• 41
/4
- it 
• ' 
• 
a  
* eta 
- 
••• 
gel; asteasii.: 
'•#.4
Ss- let
or 
EFTA01136968

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136969.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136969

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136970.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Fwd:GIV interior photos for meeting with Eric 
Date: Thu, 21 Mar 2013 17:21:59 +0000 
Attachments: GlIGIVphotos038.jpg; GlIGIVphotos039.jpg; GlIGIVphotos040.jpg; 
GlIGIVphotos041.jpg; GlIGIVphotos042.jpg; GIIGIVphotos043.jpg; 
GIIGIVphotos044.jpg; GlIGIVphotos045.jpg 
GIV interior photos for our meeting at 4pm today,. 
Fro 
To: 
CC.
Sent: 3/21/2013 1:18:35 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time 
Subj: Emailing: Gil GIV photos 045, GIl GIV photos 038, Gil GIV photos 039, GIl GI 
Hi Les, 
could you possibly print these photos, they would be helpful during my meeting with JEE today at 4pm, 
if its not to much trouble 
Your message is ready to be sent with the following file or link attachments: 
Gil GIV photos 045 
Gil GIV photos 038 
Gil GIV photos 039 
Gil GIV photos 040 
Gil GIV photos 041 
Gil GIV photos 042 
Gil GIV photos 043 
Gil GIV photos 044 
Note: To protect against computer viruses, e-mail programs may prevent sending or receiving certain types of file 
attachments. Check your e-mail security settings to determine how attachments are handled. 
EFTA01136970

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136971.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136971

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136972.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136972

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136973.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136973

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136974.pdf
----------------------------------------
wa
EFTA01136974

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136975.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136975

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136976.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136976

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136977.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136977

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136978.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01136978

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136979.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Karyna Shuliak  
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:42:39 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_0417jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, May 24, 2015 at 8:12 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein icevacatiou@gmagam> 
EFTA01136979
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA01136980
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacni  n@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights resented 
EFTA01136981

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136982.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: AIF IV 
Date: Thu, 21 Mar 2013 22:11:45 +0000 
Attachments: img-321175807-0001.pdf 
The attached doesn't help in the context of BFP just gives you the Apollo background. TT said we get no K-1. 
Will check for email trail with Elyse on its position in BFP. 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM [mailto:NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM®apollolp.com] 
Sent: Thursday, March 21, 2013 5:58 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 1 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com/ 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01136982

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136983.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Melanie Spinella la> 
Subject: the answer to your question 
Date: Thu, 21 Mar 2013 22:51:02 +0000 
Attachments: img-321175807-0001.pdf 
I don't understand , someone probably needs to ask wendy, eileen said it is a limited partner with no 
economic interest" ? please review with eileen all partner interests in bfp. 
Forwarded message 
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
Date: Thu, Mar 21, 2013 at 6:11 PM 
Subject: AIF IV 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
The attached doesn't help in the context of BFP just gives you the Apollo background. TT said we get no K-1. 
Will check for email trail with Elyse on its position in BFP. 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM [mailto:NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM®apollolp.corn] 
Sent: Thursday, March 21, 2013 5:58 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 1 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com/ 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01136983
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136984

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136985.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 of I 
Eileen Alexanderson 
From: 
Lindsey Cei 
Sent: 
Tuesday, September 01, 2009 6:11 PM 
To: 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: AIF IV Management, Inc. 
Eileen, 
We have an invoice from CSC for statutory representation fees for AIF IV Management, Inc. This entity was 
formerly part of the Apollo structure, but was not included in the Strong Roll-Up. It was formerly the general 
partner of Apollo Management IV, L.P., which is the management company of Fund IV. In connection with the 
management restructuring that occurred in January 2007, the general partners of the management companies for 
each fund were converted from corporations to limited liability companies and were subsequently consolidated in 
the Strong restructuring. AIF IV Management, Inc. could not be converted to an LLC because there was an 
insurance policy for Leon tied to the entity. Leon is currently the sole shareholder of AIF IV Management, Inc. and 
it is a limited partner of Black Family Partners, L.P. It does not seem like this is an Apollo entity since it is not 
related to the management company or the fund. Are you able to handle payments for this entity? We are not 
sure who is responsible for this entity. 
Thanks, 
Lindsey 
Lindsey Cei I Apollo Management L.P. 
•t. 
York, New York 10019 
9/2/2009 
EFTA01136985

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136986.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Karyna Shuliak < 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:43:36 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_9210jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, May 24, 2015 at 8:19 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein icevacation@graaaawn> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA01136986
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136987

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136988.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nowak, Martin"  
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 22 Mar 2013 13:46:57 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_shot_2013-03-22_at_9.44.49_AM.png 
i had a completely amazing idea this morning 
it has to do with this 
the most beautiful idea i ever had 
can we talk? 
Hopeful dynamic strategies 
Forgiver (S14) 
c, d 
518 
c, d 
Alternator (522) 
c, d 
c, d 
519 
S23 
Paradoxic (S20) 
d 
c 
W5L5 (516) 
d 
d 
524 
Grim (517) 
c 
c, d 
Faulty-Grim (S21) 
c, d 
Optimistic AII-D (525) 
c, d 
All-C (S26) 
c, d 
EFTA01136988

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136989.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136989.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Karyna Shuliak <1 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 25 May 2015 00:45:15 +0000 
Inline-Images: 1MG_1145.jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, May 24, 2015 at 8:33 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein icemacafictragmacaup 
EFTA01136989
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA01136990
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01136991

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01136992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01136992.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE #1 AND JANE DOE #2, 
Plaintiffs, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Defendant. 
REPLY IN SUPPORT OF MOTION 
FOR LIMITED INTERVENTION BY ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
Alan M. Dershowitz hereby replies in support of his Motion for Limited Intervention (DE 
282). 
Despite doubling and tripling down on her falsehoods about Alan M. Dershowitz (herein, 
"Prof. Dershowitz"), Jane Doe #3 struggles to justify the vicious smears as having any relevance 
to the issues in this proceeding. Her Response to Prof. Dershowitz's Motion for Limited 
Intervention (DE 291) (herein "Response") offers no legitimate reason for defaming Prof. 
Dershowitz in her Joinder Motion, and she has no right to continue to do so in this Court. 
Strikingly, the Response does not explain why Jane Doe #3, discredited and disbelieved, and 
with an obvious financial motive for fabrication of salacious accusations, waited almost seven 
years to lob a bombshell into a proceeding in which she has no right to participate. The 
Response does not account for why Jane Doe #3 never once asserted her accusations about Prof. 
Dershowitz until a month ago even though the alleged transgressions supposedly occurred more 
than twelve years ago. Although neither Jane Doe #3 nor anyone else had previously asserted 
EFTA01136992
--- PAGE 2 ---
any wrongdoing by Prof. Dershowitz, now Jane Doe #3 cynically exploits the yoke of 
victimhood to cheaply victimize others. 
Jane Doe #3's Response is cheap indeed. At bottom, her Response is nothing but a 
paper-thin pastiche of conspiracy theory and outright misrepresentation that crumbles upon the 
slightest examination. Invocations of the Fifth Amendment by nonparty witnesses in response to 
innocuous questions about Prof. Dershowitz are said to take on a "sinister cast"; yet these same 
witnesses invoked their right against self-incrimination to almost every question asked of them, 
including their parents' names. Prof. Dershowitz, as Epstein's former legal counsel, is one of 
hundreds of people listed in an address book purloined by Jeffrey Epstein's butler; yet because 
Prof. Dershowitz's name is circled in the address book by an unknown person for unknown 
reasons, the argument is made that Prof. Dershowitz sexually abused a minor. The record shows 
that while Prof. Dershowitz and Jane Doe #3 are both mentioned in the flight logs of Mr. 
Epstein's private plane, they are never listed to have been on the same flight; Plaintiffs claim that 
somehow that Prof. Dershowitz single-handedly orchestrated the destruction of logs without any 
evidence of ability or possibility to do so. The increasingly hysterical accusations and insults are 
both sad and ridiculous. 
It is precisely this toxic mix of irrelevancy, malicious falsehood, and empty accusation 
that justifies Prof. Dershowitz's intervention to, at least, strike the allegations against him. Jane 
Doe #3 never had any need to drag Prof. Dershowitz into this action besides to wrongfully use 
his good name and international stature to stir up media interest in her filing. 
This is 
impertinence, plain and simple, and it has no place in this Court. Prof. Dershowitz therefore 
urges the Court to either allow him to intervene to strike Jane Doe #3's allegations or deny Jane 
EFTA01136993
--- PAGE 3 ---
Doe #3's Joinder Motion so she is no longer afforded the ability to use the docket of this Court to 
defame others. 
I. 
Jane Doe #3's Continued Smears of Prof. Dershowitz 
Demonstrate His Need to Intervene 
Jane Doe #3 and her counsel's actions over the past month have confirmed that Prof. 
Dershowitz's request for intervention stands upon dramatically different circumstances than 
other intervention motions in this case, or any other case for that matter. Simply put, the scope 
and tenor of their attacks against Prof. Dershowitz differ both in degree and in kind from other 
reputational muggings conducted in the case before this Court. Nor is there a single reported 
decision in federal case law in which the vitriol, severity, and length of the attacks against a 
nonparty approach those levelled against Prof. Dershowitz here. What has become further 
apparent is that if Prof. Dershowitz is not allowed to intervene, Jane Doe #3 and her counsel will 
proceed with their attacks against him, all the more emboldened with complete impunity. 
While Jane Doe #3 asks to "prove" her allegations against Prof. Dershowitz, she argues 
paradoxically that he does not have "any direct interest" in defending these allegations. Instead, 
she directs Prof. Dershowitz to defend the allegations that she makes in a contrived lawsuit filed 
by her attorneys against him in Broward County Circuit Court for defamation. Moreover, the 
law cited by Prof. Dershowitz, including the Sackman and Penthouse cases, demonstrates a need 
and entitlement to intervene to vindicate his legitimate reputational interest that no other party is 
situated to protect. "The individual's right to the protection of his own good name reflects no 
more than our basic concept of essential dignity and worth of every human being — a concept at 
the root of any decent system of ordered liberty..." Krause. v. Evolution Holdings, Inc., 975 
EFTA01136994
--- PAGE 4 ---
F.Supp. 2d 1247, 1260 (S.D. Fla. 2013); quoting Spencer v. Kenna, 523 U.S. I, 24 n. 5 (1998) 
(Stevens, J., dissenting). 
In an effort to cite contrary law to the Court, Jane Doe #3's Response takes remarkable 
liberties in describing what is claimed to be the law to Court. For example, the Response quotes 
Calloway v. Westinghouse Elec. Corp., 115 F.R.D. 73, 74 (M.D. Ga. 1987) for the proposition 
that "a witness' interest in his reputation alone . . . does not constitute the required `interest 
relating to the property or transaction which is the subject of the present action' necessary to 
allow intervention as a matter of right." Yet what is excised from that quote through the ellipses 
is the most crucial part of the case: "following a finding by a court that he is not credible." 
Calloway actually stands for the proposition that a witness cannot intervene in a case as of right 
if the Court has found him not credible in one of its orders. This finding has never been made as 
to Prof. Dershowitz either in this Court, or in hundreds of others in which he has appeared. 
II. 
Jane Doe #3's Lies About Prof. Dershowitz 
Are Wholly Irrelevant to This Action 
Meanwhile, Jane Doe #3 fails to come up with a single credible reason for naming Prof. 
Dershowitz in her Joinder Motion. First, she claims she needed to drag Prof. Dershowitz's name 
through the mud to prove that Jane Doe #3 was a victim of sexual abuse by Jeffrey Epstein. Yet, 
in her Joinder Motion, she states that "[t]he Government was well aware of Jane Doe #3 when it 
was negotiating the NPA, as it listed her as a victim in the attachment to the NPA." (DE 279 at 
6.) If she was already listed as a victim on the NPA, why would they need to prove that further 
by adding pages of scurrilous allegations against various individuals? And why did they have to 
mention Prof. Dershowitz by name, when elsewhere they claim that "numerous prominent 
American politicians, powerful business executives, foreign presidents, a well-known Prime 
EFTA01136995
--- PAGE 5 ---
Minister, and other world leaders" also committed sexual abuse, but keep those alleged figures 
anonymous? The bad faith is apparent. 
Second, Jane Doe #3 claims that she needed to name Prof. Dershowitz and others in the 
Joinder Motion because of discovery disputes between the government and Jane Doe #1 and Jane 
Doe #2. This does not even makes sense, legally or factually. Jane Doe #3's right to join in this 
case has nothing to do with Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2's entitlement to documents in 
discovery. In fact, the discovery requests that Jane Doe #3 cites to in her Response as purported 
cover for their sliming of Prof Dershowitz show that their argument is factually bogus. Prof. 
Dershowitz is mentioned in only two of twenty-five requests for production propounded by Jane 
Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2. (See Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2's First Request for Production to 
the Government Regarding Information Relevant to Their Pending Action Concern [sic] the 
Crime Victims Act, at DE 225-1 at 26-38.) 
Both requests, nos. 8 and 21 seek his 
communications with the government in his role as Mr. Epstein's defense attorney. There is no 
issue of complicity or knowledge in any misconduct. Moreover, a fact conveniently omitted by 
Jane Doe #3 is that Prof. Dershowitz is one of eleven lawyers whose communications Jane Doe 
#1 and Jane Doe #2 sought in the requests for production. As the Court knows, Prof. Dershowitz 
had no material connection to this case-as to the merits or as to discovery—before he was 
dragged in by Jane Doe #3. 
Third, Jane Doe #3 claims that the smears against Prof. Dershowitz are relevant to show 
that Prof. Dershowitz had a motive to negotiate "confidentiality" and "blank check" provisions 
into the NPA entered into between the government and Mr. Epstein. Again, this argument makes 
no sense in the context of this case. Dershowitz's involvement in the agreement as one of 
Epstein's attorneys, would have nothing to do with the negotiation of that agreement. The 
EFTA01136996
--- PAGE 6 ---
inclusion of certain provisions in the agreement simply has nothing to do with whether the 
government complied with its obligations under the Crime Victims' Rights Act ("CVRA"). If 
anything, it is the government's motive that would be at issue—although even that point is 
doubtful—not the defense attorneys'. Moreover, because the first time Jane Doe #3 made these 
contemptible allegations against Prof. Dershowitz was in her Motion for Joinder in December 
2014, those allegations are irrelevant as to the inquiry of whether Jane Doe #3's rights under the 
CVRA were violated at the time the NPA was entered. The government confirms that when Jane 
Doe #3 was contacted by the FBI about this investigation, she clearly "stated that she did not 
want to be involved in the federal investigation." (DE 290 at 6.) She was not "kept in the dark" 
as she alleges in her Response. (DE 291 at 25.) Instead, she apparently chose to stay in the dark. 
Moreover, she did not make any allegations against Prof. Dershowitz at the time the NPA was 
entered, nor did she made any allegations against Prof. Dershowitz in her action for civil 
damages in 2009, nor did she make any allegations against Prof. Dershowitz in her tape recorded 
interview with her attorney in 2011. The first time these allegations surfaced were in connection 
with Jane Doe #3's Motion for Joinder in this action. The allegations have absolutely no 
relevance to the underlying issue of whether Jane Doe #3 was "treated with fairness" when the 
NPA was entered, as the allegations against Prof. Dershowitz did not surface until approximately 
eight years later. 
Fourth, Jane Doe #3 then makes the facially absurd and libelous claim that somehow 
Prof. Dershowitz benefited by the "co-conspirators" clause of the NPA. But the link between the 
need to include these allegations and their ability to rescind the "co-conspirators" clause goes 
completely unexplained. The allegations are completely gratuitous, as there is no such link. No 
such claim existed until fabricated by Jane Doe #3 many years after the NPA was signed and 
EFTA01136997
--- PAGE 7 ---
fully performed. Additionally, as stated in Prof. Dershowitz's Supplement to his Motion for 
Limited Intervention, this "co-conspirator" provision "was intended to apply to four alleged co-
conspirators, who were named in the original NPA and later redacted at their request.... Alan 
Dershowitz was never alleged to be a potential co-conspirator." (DE 285 at 4.) 
Incredibly, Jane Doe #3's counsel, Bradley Edwards, agreed with this reading of the NPA 
in his Statement of Undisputed Fact during his own personal lawsuit against Jeffrey Epstein 
(Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards, lawsuit (Case no. 502009-CA-
040800) in Palm Beach County Circuit Court. 
There, Edwards explained that these co-
conspirators were certain individuals who "procured minor females to be molested by Epstein." 
(DE 291-15 at ¶ 27.) 
In fact, Edwards stated that "One of the co-conspirators — 
— even participated in the sex acts with minors (including E.W.) and Epstein." (Id.) 
Only now, when convenient as a way to try to justify allegations against Prof. Dershowitz does 
Edwards argue that the "co-conspirator" provision was actually intended to protect Prof. 
Dershowitz. 
Fifth, Jane Doe #3 claims that she needed to include Prof. Dershowitz in her filing 
because her CVRA claim of "unfair" treatment "implicates a fact-sensitive equitable defense 
which must be considered in the factual context of the entire interface between Epstein, the 
relevant prosecutorial authorities and the federal offense victims." The "facts" to which this 
"defense" is sensitive, even if Jane Doe #3 is allowed to intervene, are the interactions between 
the prosecutors and Jane Doe #3, and not anything pertinent to Prof. Dershowitz personally. Nor 
are attorney-client communications between Epstein and his counsel at issue, or the proper 
subject of discovery in this action under any scenario. 
EFTA01136998
--- PAGE 8 ---
III. 
Jane Doe #3's Efforts to Bolster Her Lies About 
Prof. Dershowitz Are Remarkably Thin 
Setting aside the utter irrelevancy of the allegations against Prof. Dershowitz, having 
created an international imbroglio by their ill-conceived libels of Prof. Dershowitz, one would 
expect that Jane Doe #3 would be able to muster at least some credible support for their 
allegations. Yet the two "incontestable" facts she leads with in support of her claim that Prof. 
Dershowitz is a serial sex abuser are (1) that Mr. Epstein and Prof. Dershowitz were friends; and 
(2) Prof. Dershowitz visited Mr. Epstein's house. Of course, these supposedly "incontestable" 
facts are evidence of nothing. 
To further illuminate their patent ridiculousness, the Court needs only to read some of the 
deposition testimony of Mr. Epstein's household employee that is attached to but not discussed 
in the Response. Juan Alessi, the employee, testified that Mr. Epstein once hosted an elderly 
Nobel Prize winning scientist or mathematician at his house. (DE 291-17 at 6.) On another 
occasion he hosted a lunch at his house to honor Nobel Prize winners. (Id.) Under Jane Doe #3 
and her counsel's logic, these men and women must not only be aware of alleged wrongdoing, 
they must also be complicit. 
Indeed, while the points raised above show a completely lack of investigation into the 
scurrilous allegations, what is most remarkable about Jane Doe #3 Response is what it omits. 
Approximately eight years ago, Jane Doe #3 participated in the authorities' investigation of Mr. 
Epstein, and received a financial settlement from him. Yet she apparently never once mentioned 
Prof. Dershowitz's now supposedly systematic sexual abuse of her to the prosecutors or to her 
own lawyer. No explanation is given for this monumental inconsistency. Nor, despite his 
supposed status as a co-conspirator in a scheme to cover up an underage sex abuse ring, is there 
EFTA01136999
--- PAGE 9 ---
any explanation given for the fact that Prof. Dershowitz was never even investigated—or even 
mentioned—as a potential suspect. Meanwhile the present case has been proceeding for the last 
seven years, but no explanation has been given for the timing of Jane Doe #3's effort to join this 
case only last month. 
IV. 
Prof. Dershowitz Immediately Responded to Jane Doe #3's Allegations 
Against Him by Asking to Defend his Reputation 
Jane Doe #3 also argues that Prof. Dershowitz should not be allowed to intervene because 
"he has declined to defend his reputation in other actions." (DE 279, at 12.) 
It is without 
question, however, that the Motion for Joinder filed by Jane Doe #3 on December 30, 2014 (DE 
279), was the first time anyone has ever alleged that Prof. Dershowitz had any sexual contact 
with a minor. It necessarily follows that this is the first opportunity Prof. Dershowitz has had to 
defend his reputation related to "his involvement in Epstein's offenses." In fact, just six days 
after these venomous and allegations were made, Prof. Dershowitz filed his Motion for Limited 
Intervention. (DE 282.) 
More specifically, Jane Doe #3 argues that when the civil lawsuit was brought by "one of 
the underage females" against Epstein in 2009 (Doe v. Epstein, No. 9:08-80893-ICAM (S.D. 
Fla.), "Dershowitz understood that counsel for many of Epstein's victims believed that mounting 
evidence pointed toward his role extending beyond merely being an attorney for Epstein." (DE 
279 at 13.) 
Despite this rank and self-serving speculation about what Prof. Dershowitz 
"understood," there is not one piece of evidence which points to any allegations that he engaged 
in any sexual contact with any minor, or even observed any criminal activity, prior to the 
December 30, 2014 Motion for Joinder. Instead, the deposition testimony which Jane Doe #3 
points to simply states that Prof. Dershowitz — who was Jeffrey Epstein's attorney — visited 
EFTA01137000
--- PAGE 10 ---
Epstein's home (Deposition Testimony of Alfredo Rodriguez at 199, 278, 279, DE 291-18, 
herein, "Rodriguez Depo. Tr.") Rodriguez specifically testified that he has no idea whether 
Prof Dershowitz had any contact at all with any female. 
Q. And did you have any knowledge of why [Dershowitz] was visiting there? 
A. No ma'am. 
Q. And do you have any idea whether or not Mr. Dershowitz was also receiving 
massages? 
A. I don't know, Ma'am. 
Q. As to whether any of those women were ever associated with Mr. Dershowitz would it 
be a correct statement that you have absolutely no knowledge? 
A. I don't know, sir. 
Q. Okay. Were you in any way attempting in your response to Ms. Ezell to imply that 
Mr. Dershowitz had a massage by one of these young ladies? 
A. I don't know, sir. 
Q. You have no knowledge? 
A. No, sir. 
(Rodriguez Depo. Tr. at 279, 280, 385, 386.) To be sure, Rodriguez does testify that Prof. 
Dershowtiz was at Epstein's home when underage females were present at the home — an 
allegation which Dershowitz strenuously denies. However, Rodriguez did not testify that Prof 
Dershowitz saw, interacted with, or touched any of these females. Instead, when asked what 
Prof. Dershowitz did "while those girls were at the house," Rodriguez answered "He will read a 
book with a glass of wine by the pool, stay inside." (Id. at 426, 427.) When asked if Prof. 
Dershowitz ever even spoke to any of the girls, or "even knew that they were there" Rodriguez 
answered "I don't know." (Id. at 427.) 
Jane Doe #3 also relies upon the September 8, 2009 deposition testimony of Mr. Juan 
Alessi to "corroborate" Jane Doe #3's sensational and false allegations regarding Prof. 
Dershowitz. However, a more complete examination of that testimony reveals that Alessi did not 
EFTA01137001
--- PAGE 11 ---
make any allegations of any wrong doing by Dershowitz. (See, DE 291-17, hereinafter "Alessi 
Depo. Tr.") Alessi testified that he saw "many celebrities" at the house, including certain 
senators, Prince Andrew, Princess Sarah, Miss Yugoslavia, Miss Germany, "a lot of queens and 
other famous people...[including] a very famous lawyer[] that I'm sure you know, Alan 
Dershowitz, who spend [sic] at the house a couple times." (Alessi Depo. Tr. 70.) Alessi testified 
that he also saw other celebrities including Robert Kennedy Junior, Frederick Fekkai, and even 
various Noble Prize winners at the house. (Id. at 71.) However, Alessi made no allegations of 
improprieties against any of these individuals. Jane Doe #3 asks the Court to infer that because 
Prof. Dershowitz was at his client's home, he must have participated in nefarious activities. At 
most, Alessi testified that Prof. Dershowitz visited Epstein's home and received a massage from 
an adult massage therapist, which "was a treat for everybody" at the Epstein home. (Id. at 74) 
("Q. Did [Dershowitz] have massages sometimes when he was there? A. Yes. A massage was 
like a treat for everybody. If they want it, we call the massage and they have a massage.") 
Alessi explains that he was referring to massages performed by adult massage therapists. (Id. at 
184) ("Q. All right. And if I understood your testimony is, the ones the — that is, of the massage 
therapists as you've just described [a hundred, 200 different massage therapists], you saw some 
men? A. Yes. Q. You saw more women? A. Yes. Q. And all of the women, at least from your 
viewpoint, were 18, 19 or older? A. Yes.") 
Messrs. Alessi and Rodriguez did not allege that Prof. Dershowitz received a massage 
from any underage females, had any physical contact whatsoever with any underage females, or 
witnessed anyone engaging in any inappropriate behavior with any underage females. 
Additionally, despite their allegations to the contrary, it is clear that previous testimony from 
EFTA01137002
--- PAGE 12 ---
Rodriguez and Alessi does not corroborate Jane Doe #3's baseless and utterly false affidavit. 
(DE 291-1.) 
Next, Jane Doe #3 claims that Prof. Dershowitz declined to defend his reputation in the 
Edwards v. Epstein lawsuit (Case no. 502009-CA-040800) in Palm Beach County Circuit Court. 
(Opp. to Mtn. to Intervene at 13.) 
In support of this allegation, Jane Doe #3 argues that her 
attorney in the instant matter, Bradley Edwards contacted Prof. Dershowitz (through his attorney 
Jack Scarola) to seek his voluntary cooperation in answering questions about Prof. Dershowitz's 
client, Jeffrey Epstein's conduct. Prof. Dershowitz responded by letter stating 
As you may know, I was Jeffrey Epstein's attorney when he submitted his guilty plea. 
Accordingly, "any knowledge" I may have in connection with that plea is privileged 
information. If you would let me know what non-privileged information you would seek 
from me, I would then be able to decide whether to cooperate. 
(DE 291-11.) Edwards' attorney responded by stating that based on "sworn testimony and 
private interviews" he had "placed [Dershowitz] in the presence of Jeffrey Epstein on multiple 
occasions... when Jeffrey Epstein was in the company of underage females subsequently 
identified as victims." (DE 291 at 13, 14.) Again, no allegations were made at that time by 
Edwards' attorney, or by anyone else, that Prof. Dershowitz engaged in any inappropriate 
conduct or witnessed any inappropriate conduct related to Jeffrey Epstein and underage females. 
Instead, Edwards was incorrectly seeking Prof. Dershowitz's cooperation for a civil suit between 
Dershowitz's client, Jeffrey Epstein, and Edwards himself. 
Remarkably, because Prof. 
Dershowitz did not agree to compromise his ethical obligations to his client, by voluntarily 
cooperating with Epstein's adversaries, Jane Doe #3 argues that Prof. Dershowitz should not be 
allowed to intervene in this action'. 
Jane Doe #3's argument that he has not yet scheduled his deposition in this case, or the recently 
EFTA01137003
--- PAGE 13 ---
It is clear from the record, however, that Prof. Dershowitz acted immediately to defend 
himself the first time any such allegations were made against him. In fact, just six days after 
Jane Doe #3 filed her Motion for Joinder, which included vicious allegations against him, Prof. 
Dershowitz filed his Motion for Limited Intervention. (DE 282.) Prof. Dershowitz should be 
permitted to intervene for the limited purposes of moving to strike these outrageous and 
impertinent allegations and to request a show cause order to the attorneys that have made them. 
V. 
Jane Doe #3's Reliance on Other's Invocation of the 
Fifth Amendment is Improper and Wholly Unpersuasive 
Without a shred of physical evidence or witness corroboration for Jane Doe #3's 
fantasies, she relies on invocations of the Fifth Amendment by Epstein as supportive of an 
adverse inference as to Prof. Dershowitz. Given that Epstein was taking the Fifth Amendment 
on all questions, and would have responded in the same way had the opposite questions been 
asked, there is no inference against Prof. Dershowitz to be made from the invocation of the Fifth 
Amendment by Epstein. Epstein's interest — in declining to answer any questions whatsoever — 
was his own personal interest, not that of his lawyers, and lacks even minimal relevance. 
Coquina Investments v. TD Bank, N.A., 760 F.3d 1300, 1310-11 (11th Cir. 2014)(adverse 
inferences from the fifth amendment invocation by third parties allowed only where inference is 
"trustworthy under all of the circumstances" including relationship, shared interest and control); 
Kontos v. Kontos, 968 F.Supp. 400, 407-408 (1997)(no adverse inference allowed from 
invocation of Fifth Amendment by sister of civil defendant in absence of "identity of interests"); 
Sebastian v. City of Chicago, 2008 WL 2875255 *3334 (N.D. Ill. 2008)(no adverse inference 
filed defamation action, is of no moment. At the appropriate time, Prof. Dershowitz will of 
course, appear for his deposition and testify that Jane Doe #3's allegations as to him are entirely 
false. 
This, however, has no bearing as to whether the Court should permit the limited 
intervention Prof. Dershowitz seeks. 
EFTA01137004
--- PAGE 14 ---
from invocation of Fifth Amendment in absence of close family or business relationship)2. 
Similarly, any other witnesses taking the Fifth Amendment and remain silent to protect 
themselves, are obviously, not creating any kind of evidence against Prof. Dershowitz. 
Conclusion 
In conclusion, if the Court grants Jane Does #3 and #4 motion for joinder (DE 279), then 
Prof. Dershowitz's motion for limited intervention must be granted for such purposes as may be 
appropriate including submitting a motion to strike and requesting an order to show cause, so as 
to give him an opportunity to defend himself against harmful, spiteful and false allegations of the 
worse kind. If the Court rejects the pending motion for joinder, then the Court should strike the 
scurrilous allegations against Dershowitz, or, alternatively, determine the possible mootness of 
his Motion for Limited Intervention. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Thomas Scott, Fla. Bar No. 149100 
thomas.scottOcsklegal.com 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard, Suite 1400 
Miami, Florida 33156 
Telephone: 
The fact is that this controversy is not a swearing contest between two equally credible 
witnesses. On one hand, Prof. Dershowitz is a world-renowned lawyer, professor, and author 
with an impeccable personal and professional reputation. On the other, Jane Doe #3, who comes 
into this case with no legitimate explanation for her delay in levelling these accusations against 
Prof. Dershowitz, has obvious motives to seek financial gain. Her lack of credibility has 
persisted over the years. When she previously made rape allegations against others, she was 
deemed not credible by the State Attorney's Office in Palm Beach County., which declined to 
bring a rape case as alleged by Jane Doe #3 "due to [her] lack of credibility and no substantial 
likelihood of success at trial." Palm Beach Co. Sheriff's Office Offense Report, Case No. 
98041883 at 19 (Feb. 28, 1998). 
EFTA01137005
--- PAGE 15 ---
Facsimile: 
(305) 373-2294 
-and-
/s/ 
Kendall Coffey 
Kendall Coffey, Fla. Bar No. 259681 
kcoffey@coffeyburlington.com 
Gabriel Groisman, Fla. Bar No. 25644 
ggroisman®coffeyburlington.com 
Benjamin H. Brodsky, Fla. Bar No. 73748 
bbrodskv@coffevburlinuton.com 
COFFEY BURLINGTON, P.L. 
2601 South Bayshore Drive, PHI 
Miami, Florida 33133 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Counsel for Prof. Alan M. Dershowitz 
EFTA01137006
--- PAGE 16 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served by Notice of 
Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF, on this 
parties of record on the Service List below. 
day of January, 2015, on all counsel or 
/s/ Kendall Cotter 
SERVICE LIST 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone 
Facsimile 
E-mail: 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
E-Mail: 
Attorneys for Jane Doe #1, 2, 3, and 4 
Dexter Lee 
A. Marie Villafafia 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY'S OFFICE 
500 S. Australian Ave., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Fax: 
E-mail 
E-mail 
Attorneys for the Government 
EFTA01137007

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137008.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137008

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137009.pdf
----------------------------------------
(fiIIIllIIIIIIIIIIiE!irr 
a :;
EFTA01137009

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137010.pdf
----------------------------------------
A
EFTA01137010

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137011.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
EFTA01137011

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137012.pdf
----------------------------------------
III 
I I 
t 
EFTA01137012

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137013.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
EFTA01137013

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137014.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 23 Mar 2013 21:44:43 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg; photo(1).jpg; photo(2)jpg; photo(3).jpg; photo(4).jpg; photo(5).jpg; photo(6)jpg; 
photo(7).jpg; photo(8).jpg 
EFTA01137014

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137015.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
EFTA01137015

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137016.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137016

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137017.pdf
----------------------------------------
r
EFTA01137017

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137018.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137018

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137019.pdf
----------------------------------------
It' 
EFTA01137019

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137020.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137020.pdf
----------------------------------------
~ :;;~ 
EFTA01137020

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137021.pdf
----------------------------------------
P 
ji,„ %,"1110 "" 
EFTA01137021

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137022.pdf
----------------------------------------
4rro, 
*Jr 
• • 
• • • • ******** 
-46 
1.V., 
re t
I • • • 
•• id*" 
r q r4I1 
. 
* 
* *
*
* * 
• 
4 -
EFTA01137022

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137023.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137023

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137024.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137024.pdf
----------------------------------------
S-,00$w)Lts:z!‘auf 
EFTA01137024

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137025.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137025.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Warren Eisenstein czMI
> 
Subject: ???? 
Date: Wed, 20 Mar 2013 16:21:12 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
This lady in Dallas painted this from a photo of me eating Lobsta in Maine. 
I freaked when it was presented to me last week. Notice the nostrils. 
Keep on Pushin' 
Warren 
EFTA01137025

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137026.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137026

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137027.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137027.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137027

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137028.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 20 Mar 2013 22:49:50 +0000 
Attachments: boris_gates.m4v 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137028

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137029.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137029.pdf
----------------------------------------
No Images Produced
EFTA01137029

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137030.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137030.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: <no subject> 
Date: Thu, 21 Mar 2013 02:03:08 +0000 
Wine-
Images: 06A4A2C3-A325-4291-A8A9-1D2892BC6D1D.png 
Last year while on holidays traveling in Florida I needed to 
go to the emergency room. Not wanting to sit there for 4 hours, 
I put on my MAGIC GREEN HAT. When I went into the E. R., 
I noticed that 3/4 of the people got up and left. 
I guess they decided that they weren't that sick after all. 
Cut at least 3 hours off my waiting time. 
Here's the hat: 
EFTA01137030
--- PAGE 2 ---
It also works at Dept. of Motor Vehicles. It saved me 5 hours. 
At the Laundromat, three minutes after entering, I had my 
choice of any machine, most still running. 
If you live in Texas , it might cut your wait time at the grocery store. 
But...don't try it at McDonald's. The whole crew ran out 
the back door and I never got my order! 
EFTA01137031

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137032.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137032

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137033.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137033

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137034.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137034

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137035.pdf
----------------------------------------
la_ 
EFTA01137035

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137036.pdf
----------------------------------------
(tv 
tir 
EFTA01137036

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137037.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137037

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137038.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137038

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137039.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137039

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137040.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137040

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137041.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137041

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137042.pdf
----------------------------------------
At 
la 
EFTA01137042

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137043.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137043

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137044.pdf
----------------------------------------
J 
EFTA01137044

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137045.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
‘11 
.111 
EFTA01137045

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137046.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137046

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137047.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137047

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137048.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137048.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137048

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137049.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Karyna Shuliak < 
Date: Sun, 17 Mar 2013 16:46:23 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
I love this pic!!! 
EFTA01137049
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01137050
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01137051

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137052.pdf
----------------------------------------
BLACK FAMILY TRUSTS' OWNERSHIP OF AP PROFESSIONAL HOLDINGS DATED 6/1/12 
Black 2006 Family 
Trust 
(70.869%) 
LBF Holdings LLC 
(Delaware) 
LP 
Black Family 
GP, LW 
AIF IV Management, Inc. 
Leon Black (Indmd 
(7.1 °A) 
BF PARTNERS, L.P. 
(Delaware) 
BRH Holdings GP. 
Ltd. (Cayman) 
AIC 
Co4nvestca. LW 
Co4nvestors, LLC 
Co4nvestors. LLC 
Co4nveslors 
LLC 
Co4nvestora V, LLC 
V (EH), LLC 
CAclo 
DIF) 
Ego 
SOWDCApolIDCApollop 
Apao Co-Investors 
Apollo C4nvesto 
VI (A). LLC 
C(1 
Black 2006 Family Trust 
.806%) 
Apollo 
Co4nvestors VI 
(EH-GP). LW 
GP 
LP 
ALP 
Apollo Co-Investors 
VI (EH-A). L.P. 
GP 
A 
Investment 
Trust 
LP 
LP 
LP 
C
Black Family 
1997 Trust 
(.A6111%) 
lack 2011 Family Trust 
(0 separate trusts. one 
for each child) 
LDB 2011 LLC 
(6.874%) 
LP 
44% 
BRH Holdings L.P. 
(Cayman) 
AP Professional
Holdings L.P. 
(Cayman) 
LP 
NY1: 1509252 v.6 
EFTA01137052

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137053.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137053.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Sun, 17 Mar 2013 20:23:43 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: 
jpg 
Good day mister Epstein! 
I heard that you are a cordial 
of the Forss family and you were looking for a personal assistant, which sounds 
interesting to me. My name is 
I currently live in the countryside outside Stockholm, where I'm taking psychology 
courses via distance at the university. My main qualities are that I am always very happy, I have passions of humor that 
feels like an integral part of my life, but of course I can be deadly serious in a context that requires this. 
Unfortunately I have not had time to work that much in my life. I am turning 28 this summer. I was working full time as a 
fashion model before, but did not like it since I'm not a fan of the fashion industry. Before I started my modeling career, I 
worked as a preschool teacher, kids are adorable. Otherwise, I have traveled a lot in my life — Asia, Africa, my favorite 
place in Europe is Tuscany and city: Monaco. In the U.S., I like to travel to California (Santa Barbara, San Diego, Palo Alto), 
and Orlando in Florida because of Disney World and the other fun teams park over there. 
Human beings have always fascinated me, hence my psychology studies — as well as existential philosophy, Science of a 
Meaningful Life, knowledge sociology and phenomenological pedagogy is associated aspects that I like to apply on the 
world. 
Let me know if you want to know more about me =) 
Have a nice day dear! 
Sweet wishes from 
Date: Sun, 17 Mar 2013 09:22:09 -0400 
Subject: 
From: eevacation© mail.com 
To: 
barbro suggested i contact you re a job in ny. could you please send me your resume. i will after receving it send 
you a skype request name jeevacation 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationgmail.com and 
EFTA01137053
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
induding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137054

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137055.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137055.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137055

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137056.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137056.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 17 Mar 2013 21:37:31 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2).jpeg; image(3).jpeg 
Did you finally get to see my chrismas present?.. 
EFTA01137056
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01137057
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01137058
--- PAGE 4 ---
Le 17 mars 2013 1 20:33, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.corn> a ecrit : 
is will be in paris 22-30„ will i get to see you? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA01137059
--- PAGE 5 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137060

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137061.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 17 Mar 2013 21:39:00 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2).jpeg; image(3).jpeg 
not yet, tuesday i will be back in ny 
On Sun, Mar 17, 2013 at 5:37 PM, 
Did you finally get to see my chrismas present?.. 
wrote: 
EFTA01137061
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01137062
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01137063
--- PAGE 4 ---
Le 17 mars 2013 a 20:33, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> a ecrit : 
is will be in parts 22-30„ will i get to see you? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA01137064
--- PAGE 5 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137065

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137066.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137066.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 17 Mar 2013 22:17:02 +0000 
Attachments: photojpg; photo(1).jpg; photo(2)jpg; photo(3).jpg; photo(4).jpg; photo(5).jpg 
EFTA01137066

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137067.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137067

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137068.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137068.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137068

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137069.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137069

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137070.pdf
----------------------------------------
L 
EFTA01137070

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137071.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137071.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137071

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137072.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137072.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137072

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137073.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137073.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Cecile de Jongh
Subject: Fwd: Fw: Incident - AYH 
Date: Sun, 17 Mar 2013 22:26:28 +0000 
Inline-Images: image003.jpg; image004.jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Date: Sunday, March 17, 2013 
Subject: Fw: Incident - AYH 
To: "jee
m@gmail.com" leevacation@gmail.com>
Pis see the attached. 
From: Mukamal, Thomas [mailto: 
Sent: Sunday, March 17, 2013 04:22 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L.; Garrison, Frank 
Cc: Jones, Kenny < 
Subject: Incident - AYH 
Andrew/Frank - 
Please see the email from Kenny below. We tried to reach Cecile but could not. Will keep updating until we 
have a long term resolution in place. 
Tom 
Thomas Mukamal 
President 
Island Global Yachting Ltd. 
717 Fifth Avenue 
New York, New York 
10022 
T
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Jones, Kenny" < 
Date: March 17, 2013, 5:16:30 PM EDT 
To: "Mukamal, Thomas"
Subject: Kenny -AYH 
Tom 
EFTA01137073
--- PAGE 2 ---
At approximately 15:45hr's today two of the several hundred vertical steel supports dropped between 4 and 6 
inches. The 2 steel supports are situated below the top large balcony that overlooks the marina. 
After a visual inspection carried out by Joe Walling (He was on the balcony when it happened) and several of the 
AYH staff, the decision was made to close the Island Time Bar, that is situated on the top balcony and totally 
secure of this area as well as the area below. To enhance the security area we have posted two security guards, 
who will be in situ until tomorrow morning. Further remedial action has taken place in hammering in very large 
pressure treated timbers alongside the steel supports that dropped. 
The 2 supports that dropped are still in situ and firmly in place. The team on the ground have thoroughly 
inspected `from above and below' and cannot see any cracks in the concrete or pointing between the tiles. An 
engineering contractor has already been contacted and will be on site first thing tomorrow morning. The focus is 
on insuring that no St Patrick's day celebrators wander onto or below the structure. Fortunately it is raining so 
there is less visitors to the facility than expected. The opinion on the ground, is that with the wooden bracing 
supporting the existing steel supports. There is little likelihood of any catastrophic failure between now and 
tomorrow morning. 
Regarding communication, we only have Cecil's office phone number who I understand was present when all the 
above took place. Unfortunately there is no answer, so I am unable to contact any of Epstein's representatives. 
Joe is still working on the facility and will attempt to give a briefing to any Epstein representatives should he 
find any. 
I will update further if there is any change and will be in contact with AYH first thing tomorrow. Feel free to call 
if you want any more information. 
Take care 
Kenny 
EFTA01137074
--- PAGE 3 ---
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential. proprietary. privileged, subject to a confidentiality anclior non-disclosure agreement. or otherwise exempt 
or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining. 
reproducing, copying, disclosing. disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If 
you have received this message in error. please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their 
entirety. whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement. amendment or modification of 
any agreement with Island Global Yachting LTD or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Global Yachting 
LTD or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or 
any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137075

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137076.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: President <a 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: hello 
Date: Mon, 18 Mar 2013 11:50:57 +0000 
Attachments: VNIS_3-12.docx 
Are you up-weherever you are--and if so, are you up for a call? (what number?) 
Enclosed, more refined version of Nabokov/Stravinsky 
EFTA01137076

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137077.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137077.pdf
----------------------------------------
"The Precision of Poetry and the Exactness of Pure Science": Nabokov, 
Stravinsky, and the Reader as Listener. 
Leon Botstein 
Parallel Lives 
In his meticulously prepared compendium of interviews, Strong Opinions, Nabokov, 
reprinted a 1970 response to a question posed by Alfred Appel about whether he 
knew Igor Stravinsky, "another outspoken émigré." Vladimir Nabokov replied, "I 
know Mr. Stravinsky very slightly and have never seen any genuine sample of his 
outspokenness in print." Nabokov's revealed an uncanny but not unexpected doubt 
about Stravinsky's role in the authorship of the (by then) extensive accumulation of 
Stravinsky-Craft volumes of conversations. The questions of who was responsible 
for what appeared in print, and what Robert Craft's role actually was, remain a 
matter of controversy? Craft's contribution was, if not decisive, then certainly 
substantial. He confessed to Stephen Walsh, with pride, that one reviewer of the 
1959 Conversations expressed the opinion that "the two finest writers of English 
prose" were Russians: Nabokov and Stravinsky.3
It was the idea that Stravinsky was considered a "fine writer" that surely irritated 
Nabokov. Such a notion revealed a familiar philistinism and stupidity, not entirely 
unrelated to the evils of poshlose, Nabokov's term for the fake suggestion of genuine 
art, refinement and judgment so rampant in so called civilized society. 4 Nabokov's 
subtly worded skepticism about the authorship of the volumes anticipated what has 
remained for scholars a source of ambiguity with respect to understanding 
Stravinsky, particularly in his American years. It seems that everything Stravinsky 
published, from his An Autobiography of 1935 and 1936 to the 1939 Charles Eliot 
Norton Lectures, was, if not ghost-written, then the work of close collaboration .s 
This does not disqualify the utility of what was published by Stravinsky as sources 
for understanding Stravinsky. But there are no grounds for elevating the composer 
to the stature of Nabokov as a writer.6
Nabokov's aside about Stravinsky needs to be read as well within the context of 
Nabokov's persistent comments regarding his own weak relationship to music. Even 
if we accept Nabokov's humorous descriptions of his imperviousness to music, the 
contact between these two prominent émigrés from prerevolutionary St. Petersburg 
was, as many have noted, nonetheless unexpectedly minimal in the American exile 
they shared! They appear to have barely known one another. Stravinsky seems not 
to have read Nabokov, either during the 1930s, in Russian, or in English in the 1950s 
and 1960s. After 1940 Nabokov took pains to protest his lack of musicality, even 
though he took ironic pride in being a descendant of Carl Heinrich Graun (a minor 
but well regarded 18th century composer). And his only son, Dimitri, became an 
opera singer: "1 have no ear for music—a shortcoming I deplore bitterly," he 
confessed in a 1964 Playboy interview.s Nabokov admitted to retaining a memory of 
unwanted attendance at operas during his childhood and having once translated 
EFTA01137077
--- PAGE 2 ---
Schubert song texts into Russian, but the art of music, officially, was foreign to him. 
"Music, I am afraid to say, affects me merely as an arbitrary succession of more or 
less irritating sounds," he wrote in Speak, Memory. In 1969 he quipped, in order to 
underscore his distance from most modern poetry: "I know as little about today's 
poetry as about new music."9 Nonetheless, Appel, one of the first and most 
respected of Nabokov scholars, suggested in 1967 the idea (now increasingly 
supported in the critical literature) that true to his sly and devious nature, Nabokov 
was perhaps protesting too much about his lack of connection to music.° In fact, as 
Appel argued, Nabokov's obsessions with memory, consciousness, time, and the 
structure of the novel all took on explicit musical metaphors and analogies, 
suggesting that Nabokov, by dismissing his connection to music, was following a 
time-honored tradition of intentionally throwing his would-be interpreters off, if 
only to separate fools from knaves in search of a single knight. 
Stravinsky was, by all accounts, an avid reader. But he seems to have taken no 
interest in Nabokov the writer, in either Russian or English. The absence of any real 
contact between himself and Nabokov, both of whom arrived in America from 
France within two years of one another and shared common cultural and historical 
origins, is further remarkable, given the tight interconnections (so vividly described 
in Pnin) within Russian émigré circles. True, Nabokov resided in the East, and 
Stravinsky on the West Coast, until the mid 1960s, when he was already quite ill. But 
they seem also never to have met in Berlin or Paris, where both found themselves 
with some frequency, and in contact with Russian émigrés in those cities. 
The two men even had one significant friend in common, perhaps the only person to 
be in attendance at both funerals of Stravinsky and Nabokov, Nicolas Nabokov, the 
composer and controversial cultural impresario. Nicolas was a first cousin of the 
writer, whose help to Nabokov extended to arranging lodgings (his ex-wife provided 
Vladimir and Vera Nabokov with their first home in America in 1940), and with 
whom Vladimir was in intermittent social contact until his death." Nicolas, whom 
Stravinsky knew from his Paris years, was among those closest to Stravinsky 
throughout the American years, and worked hard to promote his music in the 
1950s.12Bringing Nabokov and Stravinsky together would have been easy. It 
appears that they may actually have avoided one another.13
By the mere fact of shared birthplace and common exile—first in Europe and then 
America—the act of considering them together possesses a basic historical logic. 
There are obvious parallels in their lives, as well as key divergences below any 
surface similarities that help explain the absence of contact. Despite the social 
distance between the two, when one compares their careers and work, striking 
connections emerge between Stravinsky's music and Nabokov's prose. They shared 
parallel premises and prejudices in their views on art. And their respective places in 
the history of modernism bear comparison. 
Upon closer inspection, the contrasts in biography stand out. The writer was 
seventeen years younger. Nabokov was born into a family of high aristocracy and 
EFTA01137078
--- PAGE 3 ---
great wealth. Stravinsky, in contrast, descended from petty aristocracy.14 He did his 
best to assert his aristocratic origins and prized his provenance of privilege and 
exclusivity, but the social gulf between them was marked. In their American years, 
Nabokov seems never to have complained about his loss of status and wealth and 
did not try to impress Americans with his ancestry. Stravinsky, in contrast, 
exaggerated his vanished social distinction and was notoriously obsessed about 
money.15 Both men had famous fathers, but Vladimir Nabokov idealized and idolized 
his father whereas Igor Stravinsky seems only to have harbored resentment against 
his distinguished father, Russia's finest operatic bass before Feodor Chaliapin.1° 
Nabokov's parents, music lovers, were in the patron class. Chaliapin and Serge 
Koussevitzky performed in the Nabokov home, and perhaps so too did Igor's 
father.17
Both the writer and the composer spent the interwar years in exile in Europe. Both 
lived at one time in Switzerland, for which they had a particular fondness. 
Stravinsky spent most of the years between 1917 and 1939 in France, whereas 
Nabokov chose Berlin. In Berlin Nabokov kept close to the Russian émigré 
community. Stravinsky had many Russian friends and colleagues in France, but he 
became a French citizen and emerged by the 1930s as the leading and most 
influential composer among the French. Ironically, from childhood, Stravinsky's best 
foreign language had been German. His French developed slowly, despite his many 
years in France and in French-speaking Switzerland. Nabokov (for whom English 
was a childhood language and his second language) preferred French, his years in 
Berlin notwithstanding, even though he wrote most of his early novels in Germany. 
He read German and spoke it, but never used it as a language of writing. Stravinsky 
shifted from an initial hostility to the German cultural tradition in music to an 
increasing admiration and emulation of it as normative.18 He never could quite 
accommodate Wagner, but in his later years Beethoven and Schubert became 
important to him in a manner they had not been early in his career. By the mid-
1930s he was most eager, despite the Nazi seizure of power, to gain acceptance in 
Germany. Nabokov never much liked things German, except for scientific works. His 
novels—particularly from the early ones to the last from that period, especially 
King, Queen, Knave, and The Gift—are peppered with contempt and parody of 
German habits and culture. The German came to be emblematic of the worst of 
pseudo-culture. They were the prime purveyors of a particularly pretentious 
tradition of poshlost'.1° 
Nabokov, like his father, was an ardent foe of anti-Semitism. He despised not only 
the Nazi variety, but also the anti-Semitism so commonplace within the Russian 
intelligentsia. Nabokov hated the fascists, and indeed all tyranny. The same cannot 
be said of Stravinsky. Stravinsky admired Mussolini; he was annoyed only that II 
Duce had no time for him in 1936.2° The text of Stravinsky's 1939 Norton Lectures, 
The Poetics of Music, is marked by an obsessive assertion of the dangerous threat 
that the centrality of "the stern auspices of order and discipline" in modern life and 
art were being neglected. Stravinsky declared, "Modern man is progressively losing 
his understanding of values and his sense of proportion." This was "serious" since it 
EFTA01137079
--- PAGE 4 ---
challenged the "fundamental laws of human equilibrium." Whether intentionally or 
not Stravinsky evoked the pseudo-historical justification of fascism as the proper 
antidote to chaos and degeneracy peddled by purveyors of fascist ideology. 
Stravinsky thought that the errors of contemporary culture unmasked the fact that 
"the mind itself is ailing." Much of the music of the time, Stravinsky told his 
audience, "carries within it the symptoms of a pathologic blemish and the germs of a 
new original sin."2I His rhetoric possessed an uncanny and perhaps unintended 
family resemblance to the aesthetics favored by fascist regimes that defined 
"degenerate art". Despite Stravinsky's unambiguous dislike of the Soviets in the 
1930s, the Eurasiansim he subscribed to led him to a critical skepticism in 1939 
more implicitly consonant with the Stalinist dogma of the mid- and late 1930s that 
ostracized Dimitri Shostakovich and Gavril Popov, despite the latter's attack on 
formalism than he might have wished. The criticisms shared a tone of moral 
disapproval. 
Not surprisingly, Stravinsky pointedly developed, in exile, an overt commitment to 
religion, in particular Russian Orthodoxy. And by the mid-1920s he assumed a stark 
anti-modernist stance under the guise of neoclassicism, even though he had no use 
for socialist realism. But Stravinsky's problem with Russia under communism was 
comparatively nuanced. During the years he flirted with Eurasianist notions, 
Stravinsky observed, "Now Russia has seen only conservatism, without renewal or 
revolution without tradition".22 Nabokov shared none of this. Organized traditional 
religion remained foreign to him. He maintained the same strict and unwavering 
contempt for post-revolutionary Russia, the Soviets, as he did for the fascists. He 
kept his distance from all "isms". His views on human history and progress were 
rather closely linked to his own lifelong encounter with the detailed scientific 
observation of nature. Individuality and freedom in art and thought were 
endangered by the politics and culture of modern times. In 1937 Nabokov wrote, 
"the symmetry in the structure of live bodies is a consequence of the rotation of 
worlds ... and that in our straining toward asymmetry, toward inequality, I can 
detect a howl for genuine freedom, an urge to break out of the circle."23 For all his 
snobbery about writers past and present, Nabokov never strayed away from the 
modernism he came to admire early in his career, that of Andrey Bely, Franz Kafka, 
the Proust of Swann's Way, and the Joyce of Ulysses.24
Although both men were anti-communist, Nabokov's pessimism about modernity 
never led him down the more reactionary path taken by Stravinsky in the years 
between 1922 and the mid-1950s. Nabokov feared the populist embrace of the 
despotic imposition of order and discipline in political life from below—including 
the sort of uniform assertion of a "healthy" social utilitarian aesthetic promoted by 
Hitler and Stalin. He also did not romanticize autocracy, including that of the Czars 
before 1917. The trap Nabokov's protagonist in Bend Sinister, Adam Krug, faces is 
the futility and self-destructiveness of any struggle to hold on to any shred of 
individuality, genuine refinement, originality, and morality, particularly through the 
engagement with language, thought, literature, and culture, in the context of modern 
dictatorship. The pretense of value on behalf culture and the making of art itself are 
EFTA01137080
--- PAGE 5 ---
complicit in concealing this trap, as Ember, Krug's friend in Bend Sinister, the 
Shakespeare translator, grasps. 
The cult of self-improving culture displayed by Dolores Haze in Lolita (consider the 
meaning of the name itself), and the sort of bad art associated with middle-class, 
semi-educated taste for the sentimental and the emotionally illustrative provide 
absolutely no protection against barbarism and violence. Humbert Humbert's highly 
cultivated and persuasive tastes in literature, music, and art, his evident superiority 
in terms of learning over the Americans he meets seduces the reader; Humbert's 
aesthetic sensibility, even his capacity for poetic eloquence, renders his case for his 
own defense hard to resist. Connoisseurship does not prevent his crimes. It merely 
softens the cruelty and deepens the plausibility of rationalization. Whether 
delivered by would-be individualists like Humbert or bureaucrats and dictators who 
create concentration camps, aesthetic gifts and cultural sensibilities fail, in modern 
life, for Nabokov, as antidotes to evil.25
When Humbert Humbert chases Clare Quilty, attempting to shoot him, his victim 
"sat down before the piano and played several atrociously vigorous, fundamentally 
hysterical plangent chords, his jowls quivering, his spread hands tensely plunging, 
and his nostrils emitting the soundtrack snorts which had been absent from our 
fight. Still singing those impossible sonorities, he made a futile attempt to open with 
his foot a kind of seaman's chest near the piano."26 Nabokov could not have evoked a 
more effective caricature of the pretentions of the modern piano virtuoso and the 
cheap, illustrative romanticism of precisely the kind Stravinsky despised, and the 
futility of a tradition of the consumption of culture as means of escape (the seaman's 
chest) from a fatal barbarism that threatens the survival of morality, civility, and the 
humane, much less talent, originality, beauty, and learning. 
For Nabokov, the Russia of his youth was personal; it vanished and lived only in his 
memory. The pretense of a legitimate basis in the past for nostalgia held no allure. In 
his adult life Nabokov remained resistant to organized causes and ideologies, 
including patriotism and cultural chauvinism. Although Russian was his primary 
language, the Russia that continued to occupy him was his invention and bore little, 
if any relation to the Russia that existed after 1917. Stravinsky nonetheless held on 
to the idea of an ongoing residual national solidarity, even though he rejected any 
narrow nationalism. He saw himself as a supranational, universal figure above 
politics. Yet he subordinated his distaste for communism and joined with other 
émigrés in taking some pride in the Soviet part of the Allied war effort in the 1940s. 
Stravinsky may have been quite ambivalent about returning to Russia, but he 
calculated correctly that if he did, he would return in triumph, which is what 
happened in 1962 after an absence of fifty years. He embraced the Russia he 
encountered on that trip; it evoked not only nostalgia but also a renewed sense of 
connection. Nabokov never sought to return to Russia or to maneuver to gain access 
to readers in Soviet Russia. 
EFTA01137081
--- PAGE 6 ---
Stravinsky rose to fame in 1913 with The Rite of Spring not as an exile, but as a 
Russian composer on a voluntary temporary sojourn from Russia, the sort of visit to 
the West commonplace in the history of Russian music and literature, an experience 
shared by Pyotr Tchaikovsky, Nikolai Gogol, Alexander Skryabin, and Ivan Turgenev. 
In contrast, Nabokov's great fame occurred in the context of involuntary exile. He 
always resented comparison with Joseph Conrad. Conrad was not an exile. He had 
no career as a Polish writer. Nabokov, a respected writer of Russian poetry and 
prose, became later in life a writer in English. Like Conrad, Nabokov achieved 
worldwide fame as a writer in English. But Nabokov did so while maintaining an 
explicit commitment to a particular tradition of Russian literature. His harsh loyalty 
to the virtue of literal translation (and skepticism about any other sort) was rooted 
in a view of the indivisible uniqueness of language. Its meanings were contingent on 
specificity, on time and place. 
In the end however, Nabokov's origins as a Russian did not define him in America, 
despite his teaching of Russian language and literature in a manner that suggested 
an indisputable superior knowledge and authority. Lolita, Pnin, and Pale Fire made 
him famous—all novels located in America. In Stravinsky's case, the explicitly 
Russian aspects of his music, no matter how subtly altered and camouflaged, never 
disappeared and actually helped shape his finest music written in America. Indeed, 
the role Stravinsky, already a lionized personality, played in French musical life—he 
influenced decisively the direction of French music between the early 1920s and 
1940—was analogous to the place Nabokov came to occupy as writer in America 
from the late 1950s until his death in 1977. 
Nabokov's 1913 occurred in 1956 with the publication of Lolita. Both artists 
experienced—at different stages of their careers—a sudden burst of worldwide 
notoriety through scandal associated with a single work. Stravinsky became world 
famous at age 30. He arrived in America a well-known, influential, and admired 
figure, which led to the invitation to give the prestigious Norton Lectures at 
Harvard. Stravinsky complained constantly about money, but he came to America 
without any of the sort of dire financial worries common among émigrés (consider 
the fate of Alexander Zemlinsky who died in penury and obscurity in 1942 in 
Larchmont New York). When Nabokov arrived in 1940, he brought with him at best 
an obscure reputation limited to émigré circles. He was in desperate straits. Among 
those prepared to help him were Serge Rachmaninoff, and Serge Koussevitzky, who 
provided the affidavit. Nabokov's rise to the status of a superstar came when he was 
in his late fifties. As with Stravinsky and The Rite, what made Nabokov famous was 
more the surface of a single work, Lolita, rather than what the critical consensus 
would ultimately identify as the work's greatness and importance. In the case of The 
Rite, it was the choreography and the spectacular orchestral sonorities and effects 
that generated the scandal. In the case of Lolita, the predictably reductive account of 
the plot, the overt subject of the novel—the sexual passion for a "nymphet"—and 
not its language and structure or its many tantalizing asides, made the writer rich 
and famous. 
EFTA01137082
--- PAGE 7 ---
Stravinsky came to America as a Russian composer known for his prominence in 
French musical life, in part through the proselytizing of Nadia Boulanger, with 
whom Aaron Copland, Virgil Thomson, and many others had studied. These 
identities he retained. Nevertheless, Stravinsky, like Nabokov, faced the problem of 
how to establish himself in America. Robert Craft was central to this process and 
helped reinvent the composer's image and propel him into the American scene of 
music and letters as an icon. Stravinsky's disappointment at the reception in 1951 of 
the opera The Rake's Progress, a work that many have regarded the culmination of 
the composer's romance with the "order and discipline" of neoclassicism—
understood strictly as evocative of eighteenth-century practices—motivated him to 
explore serialism, with Craft's help and Ernst Krenek's guidance. Stravinsky was 
always keenly attuned to the winds of fashion and the reception of his own music. 
The major works of his final serial period, along with Craft's deft handling of the 
composer as a personality, helped place the composer into the center of American 
classical musical life. Craft's role made the output of new music possible. Yet even in 
the face of a remarkable late period, it was the music written before the American 
years that defined the composer's public persona to the end of his life. 
Nabokov did not have a past visible to his new American public. But he did not 
require a Craft to assist him. Yet, as Nabokov freely admitted, without Edmund 
Wilson, his entry into the American literary world would certainly have been even 
more difficult than it turned out to be. However, Nabokov achieved his own carefully 
crafted iconic status as an American writer in the end through the works he wrote in 
English. The supposed poetic masterpiece around which Pale Fire is constructed is 
evidence of Nabokov's deep immersion into American life and letters. Nabokov's 
Russian novels gained a wide reading public only in retrospect—a pattern between 
old and new work that was the exact reverse of Stravinsky. 
Nabokov used his American success to withdraw, albeit only in part, from America. 
Living in Montreux for his final sixteen years, he continued to assert his affection 
and allegiance to America; he maintained his prominence in the world of letters 
from afar and continued to write in English. "I am trying to develop, in this rosy 
exile, the same fertile nostalgia in regard to America, my new country as I evolved 
for Russia, my old one..."27 His move was only in a minor way a move "back." It 
ought not be compared to the return to Europe of Thomas Mann, Theodor W. 
Adorno, or Paul Hindemith—none of whom ever considered America a plausible 
second home. Craft may have briefly considered getting Stravinsky to move back to 
Switzerland in the 1960s, but Stravinsky never truly considered returning to Europe 
after 1945. When he decided to leave the West Coast in the 1960s, he settled in New 
York. He managed, like Nabokov, to balance his own construct of a lost homeland 
with affection for his new American home. In the end, however he was buried in 
Venice, near Diaghilev. 
Method and Influence 
EFTA01137083
--- PAGE 8 ---
Richard Taruskin, in his brilliant, definitive and exhaustive two-volume account of 
Stravinsky's career through to the composition of Mavra in 1922—with its epilogue 
on the composer's final masterpiece, the 1964 Requiem Canticles—has painstakingly 
and persuasively described the defining early phases of the composer's career.28
These phases, with their engagement with Russian traditions and contemporaries 
shaped the composer's method and aesthetic. Stravinsky's music, from the 1920s to 
the 1960s reveals a lasting debt to Russian sources, to the Russian context in which 
he came of age, and the manner in which he transformed Russian elements in the 
first years of exile in Switzerland?' 
Fireworks and The Firebird display the young composer's initial debt to a late 
nineteenth-century aesthetic, an older romantic nationalism, in which folklore was 
adapted into music for the stage and domestic use—the "kuchkist" heritage of the 
so-called Mighty Five. Stravinsky (as his comments on Tchaikovsky suggest) also 
sought to prove himself within the Rimsky circle based on his command of the craft 
of composition defined in the German centered "Western European" terms of 
Glazunov's more conservative formalist achievement. That craft involved the display 
of symphonic thinking, in which a dynamic, if not a self-declared organic logic drives 
the use and transformation of harmony and melody. Harmony serves a functional 
purpose in shaping musical time and structure, providing a process of thematic 
transformation, development, and recapitulation. These generate audience 
expectations and the mechanisms by which instrumental music mimics narrative 
patterns in prose; these strategies made it possible for composers successfully to 
occupy duration and recalibrate long stretches of time. 
With its nationalist colorings, the Russian music of the 1880s and '90s—Stravinsky's 
initial formative aesthetic environment—can be taken as the musical equivalents of 
the literary realism that dominated Russian literature, if not into the early 1900s, 
then, at a minimum, until the mid-1880s, after the death of Tsar Alexander IP° 
Social and political content and plainness in narrative and plot structure dominated. 
Matters of style, the self-conscious awareness of form, or any pretense to rendering 
prose closer to the poetic were subordinated. Literature, notably in the case of 
Dostoevsky and the later Tolstoy, became a prose forum for ideas—mostly on behalf 
of social and political changes that could elevate the moral significance and worth of 
all human beings. The method and form were contingent on the ideal of realism. The 
spiritual betterment of the reader became a goal. Ideas were rendered through 
action, description, and dialogue. The reader was drawn in by the writer's 
manipulation of the illusions of sequential time and pictorial realism. Not 
surprisingly, then, among Nabokov's father's favorite novelists was none other than 
Charles Dickens. 
Although Nabokov was considerably younger than Stravinsky, they both confronted 
these qualities, colored by nationalist sentiment, as the dominant aesthetic credo of 
their parental generation, of the late nineteenth century. Whether in prose or in 
music, the objective was to master the suggestion and evocation, through aesthetic 
conventions, of content whose plausibility was located in methods of persuasion 
EFTA01137084
--- PAGE 9 ---
tied to realist criteria in which the experience of the artwork in some manner 
modeled itself along the lines of the experience of reality. Stravinsky, even when he 
abandoned the Rimsky model, sustained a nationalist impetus by drawing on more 
ethnographically authentic sources of Russian folk music. But he located new formal 
possibilities for music and at the same time articulated a nationalist sensibility less 
defined by the aesthetics of romanticism and at once more novel, and authentic. His 
means deviated from the program music tradition and were influenced by the ideas 
of contemporaries, several who were linked to the "World of Art" circle—Sergei 
Diaghilev, Leon Bakst, and Alexandre Benois in particular. The last two were 
themselves part of the circle of artists around the Nabokov family. The vogue for 
symbolism and synesthesia, particularly in the work of Bely and Skryabin, also 
played a role in shaping the path Stravinsky took. 
In The Rite, Stravinsky used abstraction of the archaic Russian materials he 
appropriated to achieve an "architectural" rather than "anecdotal" use of musical 
time. Repetition in the form of sustained rhythmic pulsation was juxtaposed with 
abrupt harmonic shifts and changes in sonority at odds with the tradition of the 
symphony. The combinatorial ingenuity (meant here not strictly in the sense 
defined by Milton Babbitt) Stravinsky revealed employed the octatonic scale and 
intervallic cells—"a syntax of subsets and super-sets" derived from it.3I With that as 
a base he pursued intentional "simplification"—all abstractions of genuine folk 
melodic and rhythmic usage. This led Stravinsky to achieve what Taruskin describes 
as "a hard nosed esthetic modernism."32 Harmony was no longer directional and 
dynamic, but static. The effect was not unlike the visual aesthetic pursued Nicholas 
Roerich, the designer of the first Rite production. Roerich, working from the 
suggestion of authentic national antique sources, produced flat, static, frozen 
imagery further abstracted from any form of realism by the stark uninflected use of 
color and the reduction of perspective in which juxtaposed geometric patterns in 
the visual frame undercut the nominal suggestion of narrative meaning in favor of 
formal properties of color and line.33
Stravinsky, by The Rite and certainly by the early 1920s, had shifted the relationship 
of the listener to the musical work away from any analogy to that of a reader, 
distancing the experience of musical time from being analogous to the act of reading 
and following a narrative. The plausibility of an imagined past, present and future, 
occurring in a logical sequence as in the realist novel, opera, and romantic 
symphony had been enhanced by the realist plainness (or naturalistic resemblance) 
of prose style (including dialogue) and the manipulation of the narrative voice in 
these genres. These expectations of readers had been amply met by the techniques 
of musical usage, in the orchestral and operatic output of both sides of the apparent 
divide between the circles around Tchaikovsky and Rimsky-Korsakov. But with The 
Rite, anticipation and release as well as recollection during the act of listening were 
subordinated to the intensity of the momentary encounter with sound and the 
unprepared contrasts in the sequence of events. Music intensified the experience of 
time in the immediacy of its encounter, emancipating it from any dependence on 
recapitulation and foregrounding accumulation. Abstraction led the listener away 
EFTA01137085
--- PAGE 10 ---
from the narrative conventions in the use of music derived from the literary 
characteristic of opera and late nineteenth-century symphonic writing. Stravinsky's 
Rite appeared in direct conflict with musical realism's most skilled practitioner of 
the fin de siècle, Richard Strauss, notably his two last symphonic works, the Sinfonia 
domestica and the Alpine Symphony. 
However fierce the antipathy may have been between the "kuchkists" and their 
opponents, as can be said of the tension between Wagnerians and anti-Wagnerians 
(acolytes of Brahms), the advent of modernism circa 1913 in Stravinsky unmasked 
what these separate camps actually held in common in terms of the function of 
harmony and the character of form, and therefore the construct of musical time. 
Whether formalist (in the sense of Eduard Hanslick and later Stravinsky himself, 
who in his autobiography never tired of underscoring the idea that music expressed 
nothing except itself), or blatantly illustrative, as in Wagner, Liszt, and Strauss, time 
had been, by convention, controlled so as to confirm the apparent reality of a past 
and present moment, and the existence of a causal nexus analogous to the empirical 
experience of events. Art sought to engender either a remembered, imagined, or 
implied narrative.34
Stravinsky's achievement in the 1913 Rite and more strikingly in 1917 with Les 
Noces—his distillation of a modernist aesthetic out of neo-nationalist material using 
simplification and abstraction that recalibrated the experience of time and defined a 
style—can be compared with the project that Nabokov undertook as a novelist in his 
twenties, after his years at Cambridge, and his move to Berlin. Nabokov shared 
sources of inspiration with his older composer compatriot, notably the "World of 
Art" movement that argued the autonomy of the aesthetic, and the primacy of 
matters of style, and form, all against the inherited utilitarian aesthetics of realism. 
Both symbolism and the "World of Art" motivated Stravinsky and Nabokov to 
question the claim of a correspondence between the aesthetic experience and the 
quotidian encounter with experienced time, both measured and remembered. This 
challenge to the traditional logic of art extended to a critique of the late Tolstoy's 
insistence that there be an evident moral and, by implication, redemptive 
justification beyond the aesthetic. Stravinsky and Nabokov experimented not only in 
terms of their engagement with their respective traditions in Russian music and 
literature, but in terms of the fundamental character, function and purpose of the 
work of art and its relationship to its audience, the link between literature and 
reader and music and listener. 
The Gift, Nabokov's last novel from his Berlin years (and for some his finest) is in 
part framed by two exchanges between the two most sympathetic figures in the 
book: Fyodor, the nominal protagonist, who writes a satirical, almost Gogol-like 
biography of Nikolai Chernyshevsky (the arch realist of the nineteenth century and 
a favorite of Lenin and the Soviets), and Koncheyev, the poet. In the first exchange 
Fyodor asserts, quoting Koncheyev, "Yes, some day I'm going to produce prose in 
which 'thought and music are conjoined as are the folds of life in sleep.'"3s Thinking 
in words is idealized by language's musical properties—its sounds and rhythms—
EFTA01137086
--- PAGE 11 ---
not meanings that might be detached from form. For the young Nabokov, the writing 
of literature was framed by language that revealed a temporal logic outside of 
ordinary time, comparable to the distortion of time in dreams, yet possessed of a 
precision reminiscent of the exactness of science. 
In the second exchange Fyodor picks up this theme (one which Nabokov would 
return to explicitly at the end of Ada, or Ardor): 
It would be a good thing in general to put an end to our barbaric perception 
of time.... Our mistaken feeling of time as a kind of growth is a consequence 
of our finiteness which, being always on the level of the present, implies a 
constant rise between the watery abyss of the past and the aerial abyss of the 
future. Existence is thus an eternal transformation of the future into the past-
an essentially phantom process—a mere reflection of the material 
metamorphoses taking place within us.... The theory I find most tempting—
that there is no time, that everything is the present situated like a radiance 
outside our blindness—is just as hopeless a finite hypothesis as all the 
others.36
Nabokov's attraction to finding the "radiance outside our blindness" was located in 
his attempt, as a writer of prose that treated language as music—in the service of a 
poetic prose—to shatter the inherited narrative and structural conventions of the 
novelistic form developed during the heyday of realism and to locate an alternate 
sensibility that transcended the mundane. This project—despite the evident 
contrasts—took shape in a manner comparable to Stravinsky's evolution from the 
1907 Symphony in E-flat to the 1917 Les Noces. Nabokov experimented not only 
with language at every point in a novel (or short story) each unit of which was 
ultimately contained on index cards, but the overall structure, routinely divorcing 
each novel from following an inherited model as a sequential narrative marked by 
character development. By rejecting the symphonic model—the conventions of late 
nineteenth-century musical continuity—Stravinsky formed what Edward T. Cone 
identified as a "method," an alternative to shaping musical time. Cone described the 
method in three parts: stratification, interlock, and synthesis.37 These three terms 
could be applied to Nabokov's novels from the 1930s, particularly The Gift and 
Invitation to a Beheading, and those from the 1950s, particularly Lolita and Pnin. 
The privileging of the aesthetic pioneered by the "World of Art" movement and the 
symbolists of the Silver Age in Russia offered both Stravinsky and Nabokov the 
ideological bases for shifting the criteria of an artwork from matters of content to 
those of form. Within formal criteria, style and method were foregrounded. Cone 
identified the use of successive "time-segments" in the 1920 Symphonies of Wind 
Instruments.38 Each of these is suspended, creating opportunities for their 
employment in contrapuntal usage. The synthesis comes not in a climax, but in the 
reduction or the assimilation of one element into another. Bridges and divergences 
are common. Stratification using discrete musical variables defines Stravinsky's 
compositional procedure well into the music of the 1940s; it, in Cone's view, also 
EFTA01137087
--- PAGE 12 ---
describes the way in which the strong tonal components of the 1930 Symphony of 
Psalms are organized. Another way of imagining Stravinsky's method in the Wind 
Symphonies is, as Louis Andriessen and Elmer Schonberger have argued, to apply 
the metaphors of montage and collage in which the structural relationship and 
identity of disparate fragments is altered and manipulated, generating an 
overarching unified framework in which the discrete elements remain visible.39
Taruskin has perhaps the most elaborate and persuasive way of characterizing 
Stravinsky's novel approach to form through the use of the Russian term drobnost' 
to describe it40
The parallels in Nabokov to such procedures are found in the fragmentation of time, 
the subtly arranged but sudden shifts in voice and in the inconsistent presence of 
the narrator. Nabokov's "time fragments" are deployed so as to create ambiguities 
between the real and imagined. The reader is continually alert to the persistent 
shedding of the illusions of realist narration; just as the listener to Stravinsky is 
struck by the distinct substance of each musical moment apart from any functional 
implication backward or forward, Nabokov's reader is forced to confront sentences 
and paragraphs as stylistic entities with significance apart from any overarching 
narrative frame. Literature, insofar as it is part of "the forces of imagination" is a 
"force[s] of good" Nabokov observed in 1965. Translating The Eye more than three 
decades after its publication, Nabokov confessed he was in search of the "reader 
who catches on at first"; this reader will derive "genuine satisfaction," but from 
more than a story.41 Nabokov's ideal reader is asked to jettison the common sense 
notion of language as representational or corresponding to an external reality. A 
different sort of precision is required. Stylistic self-awareness of observation alters 
the perception of elapsed time and preserves it in memory. The more detailed, the 
more unusual and poetic, the more vivid. Through writing fired by the poetic 
imagination a new reality comes into being more real than the so-called "real" itself. 
The frames of the novels—visible in the cloaked identity of the narrator in Pnin, the 
construction of Pale Fire out of segments of commentary that follow a text and 
scramble past, present and future and the multiple identities of its protagonist 
Kinbote, the form of Lolita as an account by a man awaiting trial, or the uncertain 
connection to dream life and everyday existence in Despair, Invitation to a 
Beheading, and Bend Sinister—suggest parallels to Stravinsky's procedures of 
stratifying elements that have been abstracted from otherwise familiar patterns. In 
music, pitch and rhythm are the elements in play; in prose they are words, plot, 
time, and character. It is in the dimension of the use of time that collage and 
montage most easily fit Nabokov's method, his layering of perspectives using 
fragments of memory and distortions of sequential time 42 Nabokov's syntactic 
inventiveness, his virtuosic use and invention of words, his nearly Shakespearean 
synthesis of word use and thought, as well as his assemblage of the novel by the 
ordering of completed units (his beloved index cards) render Nabokov's method not 
dissimilar from musical composition as practiced by Stravinsky. Stravinsky's 
meticulous habits in the process of composition, evident (to cite just two often 
reproduced examples) in the manuscripts of The Rake's Progress and the Requiem 
EFTA01137088
--- PAGE 13 ---
Canticles and as understood by theorists, support metaphors that suggest an 
innovative combinatorial ingenuity shared by Nabokov and Stravinsky.43
Consider, for example, the elegance, variety and ingenuity in the disposition of 
intervals and sonorities in the Requiem Canticles as analogous to the illusory 
simplicity of the relationship of poem to commentary in Pale Fire. Kinbote, with 
knowing irony, speaks early of that one line that "would have completed the 
symmetry" of Shade's poem. Nabokov has him end this thought by writing "damn 
that music. Knowing Shade's combinatorial turn of mind and subtle sense of 
harmonic balance, I cannot imagine that he intended to deform the faces of his 
crystal by meddling with its predicable growth."44 Deformation precisely describes 
what he as a novelist and Stravinsky as composer, in their relationship to the 
traditions in their respective arenas, actually accomplished. The deformation and 
meddling were directed at the narrative conventions of form and continuity. 
Nabokov was fabled for his visual acuity. His love of Sherlock Holmes rested less in 
the detective's deductive powers than his eye for detail. Nabokov's meticulous work 
on butterflies, his fanatical concern for the accuracy of descriptive detail, his poetic 
response to landscape in his novels all attest to the primacy of observation of and 
attention to the smallest detail in a work of art and the imagination. "I discovered in 
nature the nonutilitarian delights that I sought in art. Both were a form of magic, 
both were a game of intricate enchantment and deception."45 No wonder he derided 
novelists of "general" ideas who penned prosaic sentences filled with the vocabulary 
of abstraction. In Speak, Memory Nabokov pointed to the moment of intense sight as 
the means by which the finest in the human can stake its claim: 
It is certainly not then—not in dreams—but when one is wide awake, at 
moments of robust joy and achievement, on the highest terrace of 
consciousness, that mortality has a chance to peer beyond its own limits, 
from the mast, from the past and its castle tower." 
In Nabokov's writing, the aural experience in the present moment, not only the 
visual, mirrors "the heightened terrace of consciousness" that can be set to words. 
At stake is not a talent for synesthesia (as with Mikalojus tiurlionis) or its ideology 
(as with Skryabin).47 Nabokov did, however, recall that the imagining of the outline 
of a single letter of the alphabet produced a "fine case of colored hearing."48 But 
Nabokov's memories were framed by sounds—a "throbbing tambourine," "trilling" 
nightingales, the sounds of village musicians, the rhythm of Mademoiselle's 
speech.49 King Charles in Pale Fire was a musician. Nabokov routinely praised 
poetry in terms of music (its "contrapuntal pyrotechnics"), and for its music, ("that 
dim distant music").se Cincinnatus C. recalls the world being "hacked" into "great 
gleaming blocks" by the "music that once used to be extracted from a monstrous 
pianoforte."51
Indeed, for Nabokov, the power of music and of sound—for all the links to 
memory—was that it intensified the ordinary consciousness of time understood as a 
EFTA01137089
--- PAGE 14 ---
continuum along the lines of the quotidian.52 The short story "Music" revolves 
around the perception that music easily links present with past.53 At the same time 
Nabokov grasped the need to deviate from a sense of time located in nature. Music 
as an art, like poetry, could expand time. Kinbote, defending his friendship with 
Shade, credited his short acquaintance with the capacity to defy the calendar, 
creating "inner duration," "eons of transparent time" independent of "rotating 
malicious music."54 Nabokov's view is not entirely dissimilar to Stravinsky's. The 
composer wrote in his autobiography, "Music is the sole domain in which man 
realizes the present." Music's sole purpose was to establish "an order in things" and 
especially "the coordination between man and time." Music redefines time in the 
present and gives "substance" and "stability" to "the category of the present."ss 
Despite the surface of divergence between the two—Nabokov's struggle against the 
tyranny of a seemingly objective and uniform construct of time, and Stravinsky's 
ambition to deepen the sense of the present through musical construction—both 
shared an obsession with how the aesthetic realm might influence the phenomenon 
of time perception. Nostalgia and memory for both were tied to the experience of 
time. And both drew, in their various speculations, on two common sources: Henri 
Bergson and Andrey Bely. Writing about Stravinsky in 1949, Craft mentions 
Stravinsky's having read Bergson.56 Whether he actually did so or learned of 
Bergson's ideas from Pierre Souvchinsky and Paul Valery in the 1920s, the 
philosophical connection Bergson forged between the experience of time in the 
present and the expression of the human creative force left a lasting impression on 
the composer's beliefs about the character and function of music.57 Music, by 
framing and in fact stopping the ordinary experience of time so that it appeared 
always in the present, rendered music "petrified" architecture and deepened the 
consciousness of human creativity. 
Nabokov had a more complex understanding of time. He was also influenced by 
Bergson, whom he admitted reading avidly in the interwar years.s8 But the issue of 
time, always present in the novels, took center stage in the 1960s, in Ada. In 
Stravinsky, musical time as defined as the extension and construction of the present 
moment, reappears as well in the late work, mostly as a result of his encounter with 
the music of Anton von Webern, in which silence as a component of music structure 
and the ascetic economic manipulation of sonority, mostly in units of short duration, 
predominates, thereby heightening and intensifying the sense of time. The overlap 
between Stravinsky and Nabokov rests in their respective struggles to come to 
terms with the link between past and present The "flowering of the present," as Van 
Veen, in Ada, put it, demanded the awareness that time is "vaguely connected to 
hearing"; the apprehension of time requires "the utmost purity of consciousness," 
which is not spatial and visual but aural.59
The key fact is that the "still fresh past" defines the present. The "present" slips in 
when we inspect "shadow sounds." The "dim" intervals between the "dark" beats of 
the authentic rhythm of time" offer merely the "feel" of the texture of time. Nabokov 
concluded: "Our modest Present is, then, the time span that one is directly and 
EFTA01137090
--- PAGE 15 ---
actually aware of, with the lingering freshness of the Past still perceived as part of 
the nowness."6° The synchronized flow of time as measured by clocks was itself an 
illusion, since the boundaries between past and present were if not fluid, 
interdependent, with the selective consciousness of the past defining the present 
and then subsequently, the reverse, in which the past becomes circumscribed by the 
sense of the present moment6I This fluidity reveals itself in the movement back and 
forth in time in Nabokov's narrative voice. His characters take the same journey —
often so deftly from the reader's perspective that the shifts become noticeable only 
after the act of reading, rendering the author's challenge to a reductive realism 
regarding time evident to the reader in his or her own time experience, not merely 
within the artificial time frame of the novel. 
For both Nabokov and Stravinsky, the issue of time and its perception was more 
than an aesthetic problem. The experience of exile forced a many-sided dilemma 
with regard to memory and anticipation. First was the challenge of how one might 
come to terms with the artistic heritage, public, and tradition of which the exile once 
expected to be part, and from which he was separated. Second was the need to 
grapple with the tyrannies of memory—the lacunae, the willful and inadvertent 
distortions, and the fragments all heightened by discontinuity and distance, the 
forced separation from the familiar and the illusions of a continuity that non-exiles 
take for granted. Third was the danger posed by the allure of nostalgia, the 
sentimental distortion of memory, and the exaggerated fear of forgetfulness. To 
forget was in fact to destroy the possibilities of the present and not merely the past. 
Memory, the driving force of the present and essential to the artist, was constantly 
at risk in exile, since it became a purely mental property, unaided by sight and 
sound. 
The last dilemma was the resultant difficulty among exiles to find an alternative to 
the tacit assumption of continuity—an effective means to forge an ongoing 
connection between past and present despite dislocation. Something thoughtlessly 
possible for those not displaced became a struggle. Indeed, the definition of the 
present—the temporal frame for the making and experience of art—became more 
complex since the significant past was ever harder to keep "still fresh" and its 
capacity to "slip" into the present to define it was weakened. At risk was the capacity 
to grasp the present, to intuit the texture of time sufficiently to allow the 
imagination to take flight in the act of writing and composing. 
Nabokov's approach to the issue of time may have influenced by Bergson, but it was 
the thought of Bely that most directly shaped the way Nabokov considered his craft 
and vocation as a writer and his approach to aesthetic questions.62 Writing in 1907, 
Bely argued (despite his early admiration for Wagner) against a "synthesis" of art 
forms. Rather, the purpose of art reflected an underlying unity in the arts. "Is it 
simply so that we may transform a few hours into a dream, only to have the dream 
destroyed again by the intrusion of reality," Bely asked. His answer was that the 
creative act was, in Kantian terms, "cognition for its own sake," an intuitive form of 
engaging time without any purpose or object. The "method of creation" becomes "an 
EFTA01137091
--- PAGE 16 ---
object in for itself." The result was the "extreme form of individualization." The 
process of artistic creation demanded that each artist "must become his own artistic 
form." The categories of time, as artificial subjective conventions for framing reality 
must be rethought. Bely termed new art as "the past that is reborn," where "we find 
ourselves at the mercy of the cherished dead." In a manner reminiscent of 
Nabokov's own speculations Bely argued, "We must forget the present. We must 
recreate everything and in order to do this we must create ourselves."63
The interconnection of a construct of the past—the task of reassembling the past, or 
in Bely's terms, recreating it—requires that conventions about understanding the 
"present" be set aside. Forgetfulness is a prelude to the restoration of memory. The 
sense of time is not connected to a cognitive correspondence between external 
reality and consciousness, but a function of a highly individualized creative act, 
using the aesthetic medium—the musical, the poetic, and the visual—to redefine 
consciousness and time. These claims connect directly to the innovations of both 
Nabokov and Stravinsky. 
For Bely—as well as Nabokov and the mature Stravinsky—the key to escaping the 
notion that art was a mere illusory respite from an objective reality was the 
recognition that the form in which the creative act expressed itself generated an 
alternate reality, an experience of time located in the human possibility of 
individuality that vindicated life. In moral terms, the most significantly true reality 
came into being through the forms of art in a manner that transcended, with 
considerable precision, the mundane understanding of real time and experience. 
These were themselves the result of an impoverished use of language. Placing art 
before any notion of "life" Bely concluded, "In art, in life, things are more serious 
than we think."" 
The most "serious" realization—one crucial to Stravinsky and Nabokov—was Bely's 
idea that "if words did not exist than neither would the world itself." Bely put 
forward a notion of "living speech," which was the "very condition of existence of 
mankind itself." And since "mankind's purpose lies in the living creation of life," by 
hearing speech that is "imagined" and "living" we are led to new words and word 
constructions that in turn lead to "the acquisition of new acts of cognition."" The 
next step was from words to music. 
Bely's privileging of language as the mother of thought, as his contemporary in 
Vienna, Karl Kraus put it, was not novel. But there was a metaphysical premise in 
Bely, one that justified a scientific precision to language particularly dear to 
Nabokov. Language, especially in poetry, created the reality we define as "living" 
relationships, including the future creation of language. Within the linguistic realm, 
and within art, for example, the coincidence of vocabulary (as in the case of Kant 
and Hanslick) suggested that in this ever-expandable universe of linguistic 
invention, there were scientific criteria of truth, a "real dimension."66 Nabokov's 
distaste for conceptual language, the vocabulary of ideologies—in Marx and Freud—
derives from Bely's skepticism that there is false language, language that is wholly 
EFTA01137092
--- PAGE 17 ---
unreal—detached from the "direct expression of life."67 Naming becomes crucial 
since it creates that which would otherwise not exist. "The word is the sole real 
vessel on which we sail from one unknown to another—amidst unknown spaces 
(called "earth" "heaven" "ether" and so forth) and amidst unknown temporalities." 
The "firework" displays of words "fill the void surrounding me."68 Bells vision veers 
close to a method of musical composition using intervals and sonorities in a novel 
fashion, much like Stravinsky's procedures. 
Poetry for Bely and Nabokov is the highest form of word usage; it is the source of 
the creation of language and is the purely "imaginal combination of words." Indeed, 
in historical moments of decay, poetry's importance is at its highest for it let us 
"recognize the meaning of new magical words" by which to "conjure the gloom of 
night hanging over us." In moments of despair, "we are still alive, but we are alive 
because we hold on to words"69 For Nabokov, this succinctly described his 
commitment to his vocation as a writer, particularly considering his keen sense of 
the darkness of the era in which he lived. For Nabokov, Bely's observation that 
"mankind is alive, so long as the poetry of language exists," was a genuine article of 
faith.7° 
All this, according to Bely, was contingent on a belief in the necessity of form and the 
capacity to locate objective criteria in the understanding of aesthetic form, within all 
the arts. Formalism was not, for Bely, derivative of tradition or a distillation of 
historical practice—a deduction resulting from the imposition of norms of judgment 
onto an empirical base of past practice—something akin to the manner in which 
theorists establish norms of sonata form, for example. Bely, an accomplished 
mathematician, was in search of a priori axioms. And his source was, predictably, 
mathematics and physics. Bely's translation of scientific modes of thought into 
aesthetics was distinctive and may have provided the young Nabokov a suggestive 
model of how to link his fascination with nature and own work with butterflies to 
his ambitions as a writer. 
The way in which the concrete materials of art are considered constitutes the 
subject of form; there was no division between content and form. Form, for Bely, 
was the "governing" principle in all art that protected art from descending into 
meaningless chaos and "tendentious encroachments."71 Bely's principles were 
framed in terms of Newtonian laws. First came a hierarchy of the arts. He posited an 
"inverse proportion" between space and time in the ranking of the arts. This made 
music the highest of the arts, since in it all spatial and visual elements were 
abstracted. Music possessed no spatial dimension. It was the means by which pure 
temporality was expressed. Only through "vague" analogies could "visual and 
spatial" meanings be attributed to music. The subordination of the spatial and visual 
to the temporal, as an attribute of aesthetic judgment, was crucial to Nabokov, as it 
was to Stravinsky, for it strengthened the idea that art was autonomous and ought 
not be tied to a vulgar sense of the real, to any illusionism or pictorial realism. Music 
was the art of time, understood as the "art of pure motion," with a precise truth-
value akin to science.72 
EFTA01137093
--- PAGE 18 ---
Poetry came next after music for Bely. "Poetry views the visible world musically, like 
a veil over an unspoken mystery of the soul.... Music is the skeleton of poetry. If 
music is the common trunk of all creation, poetry is its leafy crown."73 Although 
Nabokov derided his own connection to music, his notion of poetry and the nature 
of his prose, when considered in light of Bely's premium on word creation and the 
novel combinations of words, seems precisely the sort of musical rendering of the 
visual world. Painting, predictably, occupied the lowest rung of Bely' s ordering of 
the arts.74
Formalism was further understood in terms of the natural law of conservation, 
defined as the conservation of creative energy. In a proper artistic form that energy 
needed to be expended in proportional manner to overcome "stasis" in the material 
of creation. The aesthetics of form possessed its own "law of equivalents" by which 
the creative energy of the result matched that of its creation. Bely's effort to 
establish a non-arbitrary parallel between the laws governing energy with those 
governing art led him to assert that aesthetics could be an "exact science" with 
unlimited competence in the sense of the natural sciences.75 Once again, the sources 
of the conceits of Stravinsky and Nabokov can be found in Bely, particularly 
Stravinsky's explicit appeal to the primacy of the "Apollonian" dimension in art. 
Using a single-minded emphasis on form, Bely formulated his own answer to the 
question of the connection between truth and beauty. Following the normative the 
philosophical discourse of the eighteenth century, the link was not between 
aesthetics and ethics but a direct, unmediated link between descriptive science and 
aesthetics. Stravinsky's turn to the ideal of neoclassicism reveals a debt to Bely. 
In Nabokov's case the connection is even more striking. Using elaborate 
diagrammatic schemes Bely argued that one could measure and describe the 
harmonious balance between content and form in a lyric poem; one needed a theory 
of rhythm and "instrumentation" so as to study word choices. Bely dissected a poem 
by Nikolai Nekrasov, separating its "experiential" content from its "ideational" 
content.76 Bely compared the rhythmic complexity of early and late Pushkin in order 
to grasp the "how" of words and sounds. An intensely descriptive science, including 
a taxonomy, was required to grasp the beauty of poetry; hence 
Every lyric work demands a basic commentary. In commenting on a poem we 
are decomposing it, as it were, into its constituent and looking carefully at the 
means of representation, at the choice of epithets, similes and metaphors in 
order to characterize the content. We feel the words and look for their 
rhythmic and sonorous relations. In thus reorganizing the analyzed material 
into a new whole, we often can no longer recognize a familiar poem at all. 
Like the phoenix, it arises anew out of itself in a more beautiful form, or, 
conversely, it withers away. In this way we come to recognize that a 
comparative anatomy of poetic style is truly necessary, that it is the ultimate 
stage in the development of a theory of literature and lyric poetry, and finally 
EFTA01137094
--- PAGE 19 ---
that it represents a rapprochement between these two disciplines and the 
various fields of scientific knowledge.77
There could be no more persuasive source for Nabokov's Eugene Onegin project, his 
structural choices in Pale Fire, or his suspicion of anything but literal translation. 
The purpose for this analytical exact science rested first in the precision in the 
variables of art—words, colors, and pitches—and second in the inherent objective 
logic of their use and elaboration. The pure aesthetic that such analysis could reveal 
was an authentic realism and truth beyond realism and the visible within spatial 
dimensions. "Reality is not how it appears to us ... reality as we know it is different 
from reality as it truly is," Bely concluded.78
In Bely's terms, Nabokov the writer, by first approaching language as poetry, 
aspired to the state of music. "I have never been able to see any generic difference 
between poetry and artistic prose", Nabokov once observed.79 Since all the art 
shares features with music, and music "unites and generalizes" all art, owing to its 
status as purely about time, "the profundity and intensity of musical works give us a 
hint" that through the aesthetic imagination, composer and listener, writer and 
reader can begin to "remove the deceptive veil" that covers the "visible world," and 
demolish the "deceptive picture" with which we live.80 Nabokov's intensity of visual 
and oral observation, shorn from a conventional narrative or obvious temporal 
context, cast in rich and original poetic language (invented words and startling 
juxtapositions), invited his reader to lift the veil and penetrate beyond the deceptive 
picture. 
Stravinsky's connection to Bely was certainly less direct, but equally significant. The 
influence of his notions of form and his views on music—and indeed the centrality 
of art—were most powerfully communicated through the "World of Art" movement, 
by the painters and poets who were his contemporaries. But the link to Stravinsky's 
mature positions on the nature of music was profound. Perhaps the most oft cited 
claim Stravinsky made can be found in his autobiography: 
For I consider that music is, by its very nature, essentially powerless to 
express anything at all, whether a feeling, an attitude of mind, a psychological 
mood and phenomenon of nature, etc.... Expression has never been an 
inherent property of music. That is by no means the purpose of its existence. 
If, as is always the case, music appears to express something, this is only an 
illusion and not a reality.81
A corollary of this formalist claim is the assumption that the formal character of a 
piece of music has an objective character that can be exactly described and 
rendered. Bely's synthesis of natural science and aesthetics was a source of 
Stravinsky's intense disparagement of the practice and justification of subjective 
interpretation by performers and his personal affinity for first the pianola and 
subsequently for recording technology, through which exact and objective 
representations of a musical work could be transmitted. 
EFTA01137095
--- PAGE 20 ---
Art and Consequences 
Stravinsky shared with Nabokov the belief that the work of art—in contrast to the 
conceits of the literary and musical practices of the late nineteenth century (notably 
those who followed Chernyshevsky, Dostoevsky, Liszt, and Wagner)—held its value 
in its aesthetic and formal properties. The power of art rested in its formal 
attributes and the extent to which it contested commonsensical notions of the real 
and categories of space, time, and causality. Nabokov once observed, "...both 
memory and imagination are a negation of time". 82 Nabokov and Stravinsky held on 
to a belief in valid norms of aesthetic value that allowed for individuality while at 
the same time revealed a mistrust of a view of art as mere subjectivity, a field of 
endeavor without objective criteria of judgment Precision and exactness were 
indispensable attributes. In the end, however, what separated them can be located 
in Stravinsky's concession that "as is nearly always the case," there is the 
appearance that even in music, the least "realistic" of the arts, something other than 
itself seems to be expressed.83 Stravinsky was not unaware that the actual social 
function of music—its reception—derived from the assignment of meaning on the 
part of the listener, whether intended or not The listener ascribed to music 
meanings both symbolic and literal that, strictly speaking, did not reside in the work 
itself. 
For Stravinsky, this was a convenient error, one with which, for practical reasons, he 
could readily reconcile himself. At best, the proper reaction to art, a truly informed 
aesthetic response, permitted the ideal listener to make contact with a religious 
sensibility—a communion, as Stravinsky concluded in 1939, with a generalized 
notion of humanity, "our fellow man" and with the "Supreme Being." The formal 
power of art did, in the end, connect with faith through some perhaps quasi-mystical 
religious feeling not contained in the music itself. This is the way Jacques Maritain, 
whose thought influenced Stravinsky, in his Paris years reconciled "art for art's 
sake" and the premium on form; art, by being just art mirrored the divine. Despite 
Stravinsky's vigorous distaste of communal ideologies, his 1939 claim was not so 
dissimilar from Romain Rolland's suggestion in the late 1920s of a shared "oceanic" 
feeling that might be a force for good. Stravinsky had no use for Rolland. Neither did 
Nabokov and Nabokov's least favorite theorist, Sigmund Freud, in Civilization and it 
Discontents. Nabokov's hostility to Freud rested in the writer's mistrust and 
contempt for a reductive causality about creativity, his denial of a deeper reality 
beyond the visible empirical world unmediated by the individual imagination, and 
therefore the freedom of the individual imagination. But Freud's criticism of Rolland 
did not redeem either Freud or Rolland for Nabokov. But for Nabokov, the religious 
issue—the stuff about a divine "Supreme Being"—was a matter of silence, beyond 
words. 84 But a quite conventional appeal to a religious justification remains buried 
beneath Stravinsky's denial of music's power to express. 
EFTA01137096
--- PAGE 21 ---
For Nabokov, the formal virtues of art, properly grasped by the reader, did more 
than lead the reader into Stravinsky's moment of spiritual recognition. Literature, 
particularly poetry and prose written in a modernist style defined by the attributes 
of poetry (as in Bely's St. Petersburg and Joyce's Ulysses)—successfully prevented 
the reader from implicitly, in the act of reading from denying the power of art. It 
contested the utterly mundane so that art did more than merely conform to the 
ordinary experience of reality. Indeed, the artwork, by its formal greatness, could 
stop readers in their tracks. True art in the medium of literature provided writer 
and reader an escape from the tyranny of deception that emanated from everyday 
life into experience transfigured by the imagination, a reality consciously protected 
from barbarism and vulgarity. The making of art and its proper appreciation, at its 
best, was for Nabokov a moral act of rescue, a route for individuals to confront 
freedom, and the paradox that human decency, culture notwithstanding, is 
endangered. Nabokov undermines the act of reading as a passive experience just as 
Stravinsky demands the concentration of the listener. The recollection of details, the 
passage back and forth in the narrative, forcing the reader to reflect and piece 
fragments together, and to reconsider and remember created the allure of a 
complex interpretation within the present moment of reading. Nabokov and 
Stravinsky found comparable ways by which the link between an aesthetically 
generated deformation of elapsed time defines present experience. 
The structure of a Nabokov novel can then be said to share musical traits, formal 
aspects that resemble how music, particularly in Stravinsky, is put together. 
Repetition, abrupt transitions, modulations, fragmentation, inversions, cross-
references abound, as do excursions into intense counterpoint with multiple 
subjects placed in discrete units. Nabokov's methods resemble Stravinsky's insofar 
as the elements of the composition are not present or utilized as placeholders for 
other meanings or expressive of something other than themselves. Even when 
words are set to music, as in Stravinsky's settings of texts in the Three Japanese 
Lyrics (1912) to The Rake's Progress, words are used as sound elements. Syllables 
are manipulated as musical elements.85 The attempt to "set" the meaning of the 
words or illustrate them in a Wagnerian manner reliant on ordinary diction is 
subordinated. Stravinsky's procedure bears comparison already in 1912 with the 
purpose and method of the relationship between text and music articulated by 
Arnold Schoenberg that same year in the essay "The Relationship to the Text"" 
Even when presumed linguistic meaning is expected—as in song or opera—the text 
is used musically and the music proceeds independently of any "meaning." The 
parallel in Nabokov is when the narrative object of the novel, its presumed reality—
its setting and character—is mediated by the defiance of a single familiar 
perspective. The argument or plot of the novel is displaced from the reader's 
attention. Rather, the act of writing, the craft of writing, and the predicament of the 
writer—within the text itself—take center stage. 
This elevates Nabokov's prose to the status of music. Nabokov, like Stravinsky, calls 
explicit attention to the craft and method of his compositions. In order to 
foreground the act of writing Nabokov asks for a reader who is actually more akin to 
EFTA01137097
--- PAGE 22 ---
the listener imagined by Stravinsky—a person who can follow the musical logic, and 
can smile, when necessary, at the elegance with which past tradition becomes part 
of the present moment, as in the 1924 Concerto for Piano and Wind Instruments, 
and the 1931 Violin Concerto, with their evident allusions to Bach. Nabokov's 
writing is often about other writing, just as Stravinsky's music, particularly in the 
1920s, has as its premise music from the past. Both Nabokov and Stravinsky, as 
exiles, used the aesthetic tradition in which they worked, albeit respectfully, against 
itself, so as to cloak the new in the past. 
It is not surprising that from their shared heritage both artists foregrounded 
Pushkin. They skipped over the tastes of the previous generation. The tradition they 
drew was in that sense pre-modern, at the intersection of eighteenth-century 
Classicism and early Romanticism. Furthermore, Pushkin, like Tchaikovsky later in 
the century, represented an ideal synthesis of the Russian and the Western. Yet his 
star began to fade already at the end of his life. Those who regarded themselves part 
of the intelligentsia were, to quote D. S. Mirsky, "indifferent" or "hostile" after 1860; 
whatever surviving cult of Pushkin remained became "the religion of a paradise 
lost."87 Nabokov idealized the poet who was neglected in the literary age of realism 
and social utility. He and Stravinsky identified with the very quality in Pushkin that 
outraged the older Tolstoy of the 1890s—the focus on an elite readership and the 
absence of a moralizing agenda. Yet Pushkin, owing to his use of language, defined 
what was distinctive about Russian poetry and the musical and expressive 
possibilities of Russian speech. "Yet Pushkin found their expression in Western 
forms. Stravinsky lamented that for "foreigners" Pushkin was little more than "a 
name in an encyclopedia." Yet for these two exiles of an aristocratic sensibility and 
inclination, Pushkin's "nature" "mentality" and "ideology" was "the most perfect 
representative of that wonderful line which began with Peter the Great ... and has 
united the most characteristically Russian elements with the spiritual riches of the 
West"99
Stravinsky turned to Pushkin, first during the composition of Les Noces and then 
explicitly with Mavra in 192290 Stravinsky sought to signal an explicit turn away 
from the patterns of late nineteenth-century Russian musical nationalism. He 
reinvented a lineage for himself located in Glinka and Tchaikovsky—a lightness, 
economy, and elegance reminiscent of Mozart and explicitly defiant of Wagnerism 
and post-Wagnerian German modernism. Following Pushkin—and Tchaikovsky—
he would attempt a synthesis of the Russian with the refined Western sensibilities 
derived from the era during which aristocratic patronage dominated musical 
culture, the age before the death of Beethoven. Stravinsky recalled: 
this poem of Pushkin led me straight to Glinka and Tchaikovsky, and I 
resolutely took up my position beside them. I thus clearly defined my tastes 
and predilections, my opposition to the contrary aesthetic, and assumed once 
more the good tradition established by these masters. Moreover I dedicated 
my work to the memory of Pushkin, Glinka, and Tchaikovsky.91 
EFTA01137098
--- PAGE 23 ---
Nabokov's disdain for Tchaikovsky's operatic version of Onegin for what he 
regarded as its mawkish sentimentality, "cloying banalities," and its bowdlerization 
of the text, rested in the recognition, extensively argued by Bely, that in Pushkin the 
full power of Russian rhythm and usage was exploited and that "the poetical and 
emotional value of every word is put to its fullest use" in the streamlined elegance of 
Pushkin's verse.92 By being tied to the West but yet the greatest exponent of the 
distinctive qualities of the Russian language, Pushkin (whose work was well known 
well before Nabokov to resist proper translation) emerged as matter of some 
obsession for the exiled Nabokov and as a powerful anchor for the exiled 
Stravinsky.'" 
As Stravinsky observed, "the national element occupies a prominent place with 
Pushkin as well as with Glinka and Tchaikovsky."94 Pushkin mirrored precisely the 
dual condition of Nabokov and Stravinsky as exiles—in possession of a uniquely 
Russian instrument (language for Nabokov, source material and harmonic usage for 
Stravinsky) but trapped in a Western context. That "fortunate alloy,"9s as Stravinsky 
termed Pushkin's synthesis, remained present in the work of both men to the end. It 
is visible in Nabokov's American novels and in his translations of his earlier works 
into English. The synthesis of the Russian and the Western is audible, for example in 
three of Stravinsky's later works, the Canticum sacrum, Babel, and the Requiem 
canticles.96
Nabokov and Stravinsky called on their respective publics to confront the method 
and materials of their work—the self-conscious distinctive style they developed in 
the making of art The listener to Stravinsky's music, from The Rite of Spring and Les 
Noces through to the finest of the late works, was confronted with intense moments 
and abrupt changes in sonority without conventional preparation, complex but 
unified contrapuntal combinatorial elaborations, all independent of a late-Romantic 
reliance on duration and structural devices based on habitual expectations derived 
from practices dependent on easily located thematic expositions, repetitions, 
variations, recapitulations, and transitions. 
Stravinsky's and Nabokov's initial sources were Russian but their audiences—
certainly after 1940—were not. In their styles they embedded that which was for 
them distinctly and irreducibly Russian—not the Russian of the late nineteenth 
century but of Pushkin and, in terms of humor, Gogol. By recasting that aspect of 
tradition they engaged in their own distinctive manner of nostalgia. That nostalgia 
evoked a highly conservative imaginary past, inherently critical of aspects of 
modernity and modernism fashionable during the mid-twentieth century. 
Stravinsky may have employed his own version of serialism but after 1939 kept his 
distance from the radical experimentalism of Pierre Boulez (with whom Stravinsky 
had a complex relationship) Olivier Messiaen (whom Stravinsky disliked) or John 
Cage (whom Stravinsky dismissed), just as Nabokov dismissed most if not all of his 
contemporary "modern poets" (T. S. Eliot and Ezra Pound, for example).97 At the 
same time they shunned populists, particularly the writers and composers in the 
Soviet Union. Stravinsky's appreciation for Schoenberg and Webern derived from 
EFTA01137099
--- PAGE 24 ---
his recognition that they drew from an idealized pre-Romantic tradition located in 
Viennese Classicism. Nabokov had contempt for the books sent to him in the 19S0s 
and '60s and resisted the academic enthusiasm and literary emulation of Joyce's 
Finnegans Wake. 
The legacy Stravinsky and Nabokov shared produced a body of work tied to a 
mythical past kept fresh in their minds in exile and yet stylistically modernist in an 
individualist manner. They remained independent of dominant modernist trends 
such as the derision of style per se, the devaluation of ornament, and the suspicion 
of complexity. Their distinctive modernism stood apart from any reactionary 
embrace of the strategies of narrative realism and romanticism. Their appropriation 
of sources from a vanished past permitted them to render the reader into the 
listener. The temporal frame of the encounter with music defined the aesthetic 
experience of reading. Stravinsky put the idea of the reader as listener into succinct 
terms: "...music is based on temporal succession and requires alertness of 
memory." Yet Stravinsky was never a literary composer in the Wagnerian sense. 
And Nabokov, his protestations to the contrary, turned the encounter with prose 
into an act of intense musical listening in which meaning derived from the formal 
properties and use of words that framed the reader's encounter, her perception of 
time, memory, and her construct of meaning—all sealed within the framework of a 
work of art, an imagined abstraction from the shared encounter with ordinary 
reality. 
Yet, for all the common ground between them, the differences remain located in the 
ethical substance implicit in their work, in how they, as artists, construed 
modernity. At stake were not merely the predicament of the artist but the proper 
character of the response. The experience of exile, and the distance it created from 
any semblance of home rendered ordinary history and even the fragments of 
biography—for both based in Russia—as fanciful as Kinbote's Zembla. For Nabokov, 
that uprooted existential circumstance turned out to be the most reasonable 
vantage point from which to observe human nature and to write within the most 
noble and beautiful traditions of his craft. By moving back to Montreux, he secured 
vis-à-vis America, his new home, once again the necessary distance forced upon him 
in 1917 vis-à-vis Russia. That distance secured the possibility that, at its best, he 
could sustain in his writing the "precision of poetry and the exactness of science."99
The precision and exactness were understood as located in the use of words, the 
acuity of observation, and the penetration through art beneath the surface to 
confront the moral circumstance of the individual. 
Stravinsky shared Nabokov's allegiance to an art of precision and exactness and to 
an art located in a Russian tradition mediated through Western European practice. 
But he was rather impervious to the moral crisis represented by fascism and 
communism, by the terror, barbarism, and slaughter they inspired.i0° Nabokov (as 
he never tired of asserting in the face of the scandal surrounding Lolita) remained a 
moralist with eighteenth-century values located in the love of individual freedom, 
art, and science.101 "Actually I'm a mild old gentleman who loathes cruelty", he told 
EFTA01137100
--- PAGE 25 ---
an interviewer in 1962.102 He sought to engage his best readers in confronting, 
albeit indirectly, the threat evident in the course of twentieth-century history. Deftly 
woven in all his novels is the nearly irresistible pressure, practical and 
psychological, and therefore the powerlessness of individuals to resist, escape, and 
reject the allure of entrapment and collaboration with cruelty. Only in the temporal 
realm of the imagination could the human possibility of decency be given voice. 
This aspect of Nabokov helps illuminate the link between his writing and his work 
with butterflies. The butterfly, much like the nymphet, has a brief moment of 
detailed beauty that emerges from the uncanny camouflage of the ordinary. The 
temporal frame of that beauty is brief, comparable to the act of writing, the act of 
listening, and the act of reading. It is a revealing coincidence that in concentration 
camps that held children, the children spontaneously drew on the walls pictures of 
butterflies as emblems of hope.103 Reading Nabokov and perhaps listening to 
Stravinsky—despite the absence of any comparable admirable intentions on the 
part of the composer—permits us the same fleeting sense of hope and beauty 
expressed by the children as their own past was obliterated and the present brought 
them only nearer to their death.'" 
Vladimir Nabokov, Strong Opinions (New York: Vintage Books, 1990), PP. Brian 
Boyd's two-volume biography, Vladimir Nabokov: The Russian Years and Vladimir 
Nabokov: The American Years (Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1990-91), 
is a necessary and indispensable source. The subject matter in this essay has been 
treated provocatively by Daniel Albright in the chapter on Nabokov in 
Representation and the Imagination: Beckett Kafka, Nabokov, and Schoenberg 
(Chicago, IL: University of Chicago Press, 1981), 52-94, and his discussion of 
Stravinsky in Untwisting the Serpent: Modernism in Music, Literature and Other Arts 
(Chicago, IL: University of Chicago Press, 1999). 
See Stephen Walsh's account of Craft's role. Although it contradicts Craft, it seems 
both balanced and persuasive, given Stravinsky's past practices in the publication of 
opinions and books.. See Stravinsky: The Second Exile, France and America, 1934-
1971 (New York: Knopf, 2006), 398E 
Ibid., 399. 
Nabokov, Strong Opinions, Speak Memory, P; see Sergej Davydov on "poshlose" in 
The Garland Companion to Vladimir Nabokov, ed. Vladimir E. Alexandrov (New York: 
Routledge, 1995), 628-32. 
s See Valerie Dufour Stravinsky et ses exegetes (1910-1940) p 51-79 and Walsh, 
Stravinsky: The Second Exile, 397f. 
Valerie Dufour per Tamara Levitz 
EFTA01137101
--- PAGE 26 ---
' On Nabokov on music, see Strong Opinions, PP; see also Charles Nicol, "Music in the 
Theater of the Mind: Opera and Vladimir Nabokov," and Nassim W. Balestrini, 
Vladimir Nabokov's Invitation to a Beheading and Igor Stravinsky's Petrushka," in 
Nabokov at the Limits: Redrawing Critical Boundaries, ed. Lisa Zunshine (New York: 
Garland, 1999), 21-42 and 87-110 respectively. 
Playboy 
' Nabokov, Speak, Memory 0,22 ; and 
1° Nabokov approved of the New Repubic review of Speak, Memory. See "Nabokov's 
Puppet Show: Parts I and II," New Republic,14 January 1967 and 21 January 1967. 
Boyd, Nabokov: The Russian Years, PP 
Cite essay in book 
Vincent Giroux, unpublished drafts of a biography of Vladimir Nabokov; 
references to Nabokov and Stravinsky in Nabokov's German and English memoirs 
Boyd, Nabokov: The Russian Years, PP, and Richard Taruskin, Stravinsky and the 
Russian Traditions: A Biography of the Works through Mavra (Berkeley and Los 
Angeles: University of California Press, 1996), 1:PP. 
Taruskin and Giroux 
Nabokov, Boyd, Nabokov: The Russian Years, PP, and Nabokov, Speak, Memory, 71. 
Boyd, Nabokov: The Russian Years, PP, and Nabokov, Speak, Memory, PP 
Taruskin 
This was a favorite term of Nabokov's. 
Letters and Taruskin and Craft on Stravinsky's anti-Semitism 
Igor Stravinsky, Poetics of Music in the Form of Six Lessons, trans. Arthur Knodel 
and Ingolf Dahl (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1970), PP 
Poetics 157 
Vladimir Nabokov, 1937 
Nabokov, Strong Opinions, PP. 
See Will Norman's discussion in his book Nabokov, History, and Texture of Time 
(New York: Routledge, 2012), PP 
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita (New York: Vintage Books, 1997), pp. 
SO 49 
This essay is indebted to Richard Taruskin's brilliant and detailed analysis of 
Stravinsky, especially in Stravinsky and the Russian Traditions. His portrait of the 
history, his analytical accounts of the music and the biographical claims form an 
indispensable basis for anyone writing on Stravinsky. 
In addition to Taruskin see van den Toorn in Pasler 154-156 and more recent 
work 
This comment uses realism as a general term from literary history. It is not being 
used in the specific sense in which Carl Dahlhaus and others speak of musical 
realism. For example, I am not referring to the analysis of Musorgsky as a model of 
musical realism. The idea here is more general, in that the relationship of the 
audience to the musical experience—the fundamental sense of syntax, continuity, 
shape and rhetorical parallels to emotion and illustration—ran in tandem with the 
expectations and tastes of readers at the end of the 19th century. This point, in this 
sense is not a technical one within a scholarly debate about a category in music 
EFTA01137102
--- PAGE 27 ---
history. The other analogy would be between musical practice and genre and 
historical painting, and with the pictorial illusions of realism at the end of the 19th 
century, as argued in my essay in Tchaikovsky and his World. see D.S. Mirsky, 
Contemporary Russian Literature (1926) 
Forte in Pasler p. 129 
Taruskin, Stravinksy and the Russian Traditions, PP. 
See the two-volume set Nicholas Roerich, edited by Yevgeny Matochkin and Lisa 
Korshunova (Samara: Agni, 2011) and Richard Taurskin, "From Subject to Style: 
Stravinsky and the Painters," in Confronting Stravinsky, ed. Jann Pasler (Berkeley 
and Los Angeles: University of California Press, 1986), 16-38. 
See the important 1939 article on musical time that influenced Stravinsky by 
Souvchinsky 
Vladimir Nabokov, The Gift (New York: Vintage Books, 1991), pp 
Ibid., pp 
Edward T. Cone, "Stravinsky: The Progress of a Method," in Perspectives on 
Schoenberg and Stravinsky, ed. Benjamin Boretz and Edward T. Cone, rev. ed. (New 
York: W. W. Norton, 1972), 156. 
Ibid.; 
Louis Andriessen and Elmer Schiinberger, The Apollonian Clockwork: On 
Stravinksy, trans. Jeff Hamburg (Amsterdam: Amsterdam University Press, 2006), 
160-64. 
413 On "dobnost'," see Taruskin, Stravinsky and the Russian Traditions, PP 
Nabokov, 1956, and The Eye (New York: Vintage Books, 1990), PP 
See the analysis in Michael Wood's brilliant study of Nabokov, The Magician's 
Doubts 
See Maureen Carr, Multiple Masks: Stravinsky's Neoclassicism in His Dramatic 
Works in Greek Studies (Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press, 2002). 
Nabokov, Pale Fire (New York: Knopf, 1992), 10. 
Nabokov, Speak Memory, 95. 
Ibid., 34. 
On Ciurlonis and synaesthesia (German volume) 
Nabokov, Speak Memory, 21. 
Nabokov, Speak Memory, pp 
5° Nabokov, Pale Fire,194, 226. 
Nabokov 
In Pale Fire, for example, the use of musical metaphors, references, and analogies 
abound. See pages 10, 12, 13, 20, 21,86-88, 100, 103, 105,150-51,153-55, 159, 165, 
172, 188, 204, 219-20, and 226. 
In Collected Short Stories 
Nabokov, Pale Fire,13. 
Igor Stravinsky, An Autobiography (New York: W. W. Norton, 1962), 54. 
Craft 
Taruskin, Stravinsky and the Russian Traditions, PP, and French volume on 
Stravinsky's friends; see also Levitz Persephone 
EFTA01137103
--- PAGE 28 ---
Leona Toker, "Nabokov and Bergson," in The Garland Companion to Vladimir 
Nabokov,367-74. 
Nabokov . Ada. This is in the words of Van Veen, whom I am not assuming is 
Nabokov. 
6° Vladimir Nabokov, Ada, or Ardor (New York: Vintage Books, 1990), 548, 550. 
See Natalie Reitano, "Our Marvelous Mortality: Finitude in Ada, or Ardor," 
Criticism 49/3 (2007): 377-403. 
See Vladimir E. Alexandrov, "Nabokov and Bely," in The Garland Companion to 
Vladimir Nabokov, 358-66; on Bely see Steinberg, Word and Music in the Novels of 
Andrey Bely, Roger Keys 'Bely's Symphonies' in John E. Malmstad, ed, and 
Alexandrov, Andrei Bely 
Andrey Bely, in Cassedy 
Bely 
Bely 
On art and science in Nabokov, see Leland de la Durantaye, "Artistic Selection: 
Science and Art in Vladimir Nabokov," in Transitional Nabokov, 55-66. 
Bely 
Bely 
Bely 
Nabokov 
Bely 
Bely, 
Bely 
Bely's writing on Pushkin, and on rhythm in Pushkin's poetry appear to have been 
influential. See "Lyric Poetry and Experiment in Cassedy and, Bely, Ritm kak 
dialektika i miedni sadnik (Moscow 1929). This book makes a cameo appearance in 
The Gift. 
7s Bely; a telling example of Nabokov's obsession with the precision of language and 
its parallels in the conduct of science, is the episode about Fyodor's father in 
Chapter 2 of The Gift Nabokov writes there of the dangers of "secondary poetization 
which keeps departing from that real poetry with which the live experience of these 
receptive, knowledgeable and chaste naturalists endowed their research" p. 139 
Bely 
Bely 
Bely 
SO 44 
Bely in The Forms of Art, translated John Elsworth 
Stravinsky, An Autobiography, 53. 
SO p.78 
Ibid. 
SO 45 
See the discussion in Taruskin, Stravinsky and the Russian Traditions, PP 
Arnold Schoenberg, Style and Idea, ed. Leonard Stein, trans. Leo Black (London: 
Faber & Faber, 1975), PP 
EFTA01137104
--- PAGE 29 ---
D. S. Mirsky, A History of Russian Literature: From Its Beginnings to 1900, ed. 
Francis J. Whitfield (Evanston, IL: Northwestern University Press, 1999), PP;) also 
previously cited Mirsky. 
There are many sources for Nabokov's veneration of Pushkin; see for example, in 
The Gift, p. 148-149 and Davydov in Alexandrov Garland Companion 
Stravinsky, An Autobiography, 97. Essay in book. 
9° Simon Karlinsky, "Igor Stravinsky and Russian Preliterate Theater," in Confronting 
Stravinsky, 5; Hyde in Cross p. 107-109, Taruskin, Stravinsky and the Russian 
Traditions, PP 
Stravinsky, An Autobiography, 98. See document in book. 
Nabokov 
See Yuri Leving, "Singing The Bells and The Covetous Knight: Nabokov and 
Rachmaninoffs Operatic Translations of Poe and Pushkin, in Transitional Nabokov, 
205-25. 
Stravinsky, An Autobiography, 97. 
Stravinsky 
Karlinsky, "Igor Stravinsky and Russian Preliterate Theater," 15. 
Cite Stravinsky from the Craft books and Nabokov from SO 
Poetics p. 37 
Nabokov interview on tape 
100 See the nostalgic aside, Pale Fire, 188. 
101 See Norman, Nabokov, History, and Texture of Time, esp. 118-29. 
1°2 5O 19 
183 Elisabeth Kfibler-Ross, lecture at the University of Zurich. See Elisabeth &Mier-
Ross: Dem Tod ins Gesicht sehen, a film by Sefan Haupt, Edition Salzgeber D256. 
104 As the Stravinsky letters reveal, he wanted his works performed in Germany 
until 1940, after the invasion of France. He, like Richard Strauss thought of himself 
better than any regime, and all he appeared to care about was getting his works 
performed and earning money from them. He apparently reacted to America's entry 
to the war in 1941 immediately by thinking only about himself and where else he 
might be able to move. See comment in the film made about the composer. 
EFTA01137105

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137106.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137106.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: memo - art partnership questions 
Date: Mon, 18 May 2015 14:24:35 +0000 
Attachments: Memon
Art_Partnership_Questions_pdf.pdf 
Inline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm29.png; primeglobal_color_blktext_tagline4823.jpg; 
2014_ipa100_webl8be.png 
Jeffrey, 
The attached memo addresses the basic questions you posed on the phone last week. 
I also discussed the tax status of the art partnership during Leon's life and what happens 
at his death. Let me know if you have further questions. I'm available to discuss later today. 
I happen to be at the AICPA High Net Worth tax conference in Las Vegas today and 
tomorrow. My cell number is below if you need me. 
Best, 
Tom 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
1375 Broadway 
New York, New York 10018 
ext 404) 
(Direct line) 
(Fax) 
(Cell) 
Email: 
Website: 
RAIC HC-1/? 
ENDE 
WALTER co. LLP 
CERTIFIED PUSIX ACCOUNTAMS & ADM.:MIS 
Public 
Accountin 
geTO 
100 
•FIRMS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
EFTA01137106
--- PAGE 2 ---
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures, may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andfor use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error. please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
EFTA01137107

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137108.pdf
----------------------------------------
RAICH ENDE MALTER & CO., LLP 
Certified Public Accountants 
1375 BROADWAY 
NEW YORK NEW YORK 10018 
TEL: 
MEMO 
TO: Jeffrey Epstein 
FROM: Thomas Turrin, CPA 
May 18, 2015 
Re: Partnership Questions — Art Partnership 
Jeffrey, 
The Art Partnership (the "Partnership") as we discussed, is to be a partnership between Leon 
(personally) and the four 2011 grantor trusts administered by US Trust (the "Trusts"). The 
questions you raised dealt with (1) the potential tax effect of the contribution of encumbered 
works of art to the Partnership by Leon (from Narrows Holdings, LLC, a single member LLC 
owned by Leon) and (2) what happens to the tax basis of the works of art contributed to the 
Partnership upon Leon's death — step-up in basis. 
The works of art to be contributed to the Partnership collateralize Leon's personal loan to Bank 
of America. It is assumed that Bank of America has signed off on the contribution of works of 
art to the Partnership. The loan agreement with Bank of America would be modified with help 
from legal counsel. It is assumed that there is no current or future shift in obligation (intended 
or unintended) for any part of the B of A loan from Leon to the Partnership. 
1. Contribution of encumbered property to a partnership — The general rule is if encumbered 
property is contributed to a partnership and if the Partnership assumes any of the 
underlying liability, there is a deemed taxable distribution to the partner receiving debt 
relief. If there is no shifting of liability from Leon to the Partnership, there is no debt 
relief to Leon and no taxable deemed distribution. 
2. The tax status of the Partnership - During Leon's lifetime, the Partnership will be a 
disregarded entity since the four trusts are grantor trusts. There are no tax consequences 
of transactions between an individual grantor and the grantor trusts. During Leon's 
lifetime, the Partnership will not file a partnership tax return. Any gains from sale of art 
to a third party would be reported and taxed directly on Leon's personal tax return. Any 
charitable contribution of art (if possible under the loan agreement) would be deducted on 
Leon's return. 
EFTA01137108
--- PAGE 2 ---
MEMO 
May 18, 2015 
Page 2 
3. Upon Leon's death - Upon Leon's death, the Partnership ceases to be a disregarded entity 
and becomes a partnership for tax purposes. The four grantor trusts cease to be grantor 
trusts and become tax-paying — tax reporting trusts. 
Under IRC Section 1014(a)(1), the basis of Leon's percentage interest in the Partnership 
would be stepped up to fair market value at date of death. Assuming Leon owns 50% of 
the Partnership, the step-up in basis would apply to Leon's 50% interest (outside basis). 
The outside basis of Leon's 50% interest would be stepped up to fair market value based 
on a valuation of the partnership interest. Such valuation would be performed after an 
appraisal was completed of the works of art (and any other significant non-cash assets) in 
the partnership. In order to equalize the basis of the assets inside the Partnership to the 
newly stepped up outside basis, the Partnership would make an election under IRC 
Section 754 to step up the basis to 50% of the assets inside the Partnership. The assets 
inside the Partnership may consist of works of art, other partnership interests, securities 
and cash. Each of the non-cash assets in the Partnership would be subject to a 50% step-
up. 
By contributing art to the Partnership and not owning 100% of such art at death, the step-
up in basis is lost to the extent of the Trust's interest (assumed 50%) in the Partnership. 
However, 50% of the art not subject to step-up would have appreciated inside the 
Partnership for the benefit of the four trusts. 
EFTA01137109

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137110.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137110.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ari Glass
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: 
Date: Mon, 18 Mar 2013 14:15:58 +0000 
Attachments: Farmhouse_Capital_Managment_Bios.pdf 
As discussed 
From: 
Sent: Friday, March 15, 2013 11:43 AM 
To: Ari Glass 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: 
Hi An. Our bios (including Helmut's bio) are attached. Thx Pete 
This e-mail message is intended only for the recipient(s) named above and may contain information that is legally privileged, proprietary and confidential. If you 
have received this message in error, or are not the named recipients) or an employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to the intended recipient(s), 
you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in 
error, please immediately notify the sender and delete this e-mail message from your computer. 
This communication should not be regarded as investment advice, as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security or financial product, or as an 
official confirmation of any transaction. No warranty is made as to the completeness or accuracy of the information contained in this communication. Any views or 
opinions presented are those of only the author and do not necessarily represent those of CurAlea Associates LLC. Past performance is not indicative of future 
results. 
This e-mail may be saved and monitored. 
From: Ari Glass [mailto: 
Sent: Friday, March 15, 2013 9:56 AM 
To:  
Subject: 
Please send me the bios when you get a chance and I'll try to get you details as soon as I can 
thanks 
An Glass 
Boothbay Management 
Managing Member 
810 71h Ave 
Suite 405 
New York, NY 10019 
IP) 
(c) 
The information contained in this e-mail and any attachments may be legally privileged, proprietary and/or 
confidential. If you are not an intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, copying, disclosure or 
distribution of all or any portion of this e-mail and any attachments is strictly prohibited. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender, permanently delete the e-mail and any attachments, and destroy all hard 
copies immediately. This communication should not be regarded as an offer, solicitation or recommendation to 
sell or purchase any security or other financial product. Boothbay and its related entities reserve the right to 
monitor and/or save all e-mail communications through their networks. 
The information contained in this e-mail and any attachments may be legally privileged, proprietary and/or 
confidential. If you are not an intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, copying, disclosure or 
EFTA01137110
--- PAGE 2 ---
distribution of all or any portion of this e-mail and any attachments is strictly prohibited. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender, permanently delete the e-mail and any attachments, and destroy all hard 
copies immediately. This communication should not be regarded as an offer, solicitation or recommendation to 
sell or purchase any security or other financial product. Boothbay and its related entities reserve the right to 
monitor and/or save all e-mail communications through their networks. 
EFTA01137111

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137112.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL 
Principal Biographies — Helmut Weymar 
F. HELMUT WEYMAR. Helmut is Chairman of Farmhouse Capital Management LLC, a hedge fund management company 
based in Princeton. Helmut is also Managing General Partner of Baxter Partners LP, a family investment partnership, and 
President of Twin Chimney, Inc., a family foundation. In addition, he is a director of the MIT Investment Management 
Company and a member of the Investment Committee and past Vice Chairman of the Board of Pingry School in Martinsville, 
NJ, from which he graduated in 1954. 
• 
Helmut is former Chairman/CEO and co-founder of Stockton Holdings Limited, a privately held reinsurance company based 
in Bermuda that was the successor organization to Commodities Corporation. Helmut founded Commodities Corporation in 
1969, which grew to become a leading proprietary trading and hedge fund management firm that launched the careers of 
many notable and leading hedge fund managers. Commodities Corporation was acquired by Goldman Sachs & Co. in 1997. 
• 
Prior to founding Commodities Corporation, Helmut was Manager of Commodity Economics at Nabisco, Inc. Helmut is a 
past member of the Chicago Board of Trade and the New York Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange, where he served on its 
Board of Managers and Executive Committee. He also served on the Board and Executive Committee both of the National 
Futures Association and of the Futures Industry Association and is a founding inductee to the Futures Industry Hall of Fame. 
• 
Helmut's doctoral dissertation, Dynamics of the World Cocoa Market, was published by MIT Press (1968) and received the 
American Agricultural Economic Association's award for best published research that year. His other published works 
include a chapter in Social Policies for America in the Seventies: Nine Divergent Views (1968), and articles in the American 
Economic Review and the Commodity Yearbook. 
• 
Helmut is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a BS degree in Business and Engineering 
Administration (1958) and a PhD. in Economics (1965). Helmut is Vice President, former President and co-founder of the 
Siasconset Beach Preservation Fund, organized in 1992 to explore and implement an erosion control program on Nantucket 
Island, Massachusetts. 
i FARMHOUSE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
EFTA01137112
--- PAGE 2 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Principal Biographies - Seb Calabro 
SEBASTIANO F. CALABRO, JR. Seb is co-founder and managing member of Farmhouse Capital Management LLC, a hedge fund 
management company based in Princeton. Seb is also co-founder and managing member of CurAlea Associates LLC, a firm providing 
risk management and other advisory services to hedge funds and hedge fund investors. At CurAlea, Seb has built and enhanced risk 
management processes and infrastructures for several hedge fund firms. He also provides qualitative assessments of hedge fund 
risk profiles and recommends potential hedges. In addition, Seb has performed due diligence on hedge funds for hedge fund 
investors and has provided portfolio construction, research direction, and risk management advice for hedge funds. 
Prior to forming CurAlea in 2010, Seb was Managing Director and Chief Risk Officer at the Galleon Group from October 2007 to 
2009. Seb built an institutional quality Risk Management Infrastructure, was a member of the capital allocation team and helped 
structure market portfolio hedges to reduce overall portfolio risk. From 2005 to 2007, Seb was a Partner and Chief Investment 
Officer at Rubicon Quantitative Fund Management LP, were he headed a team that built Quantitative Trading Models across 
multiple asset classes (currency, interest rate, equity and commodity). 
Prior to joining Rubicon, Seb was employed at Commodities Corporation LLC from 1991 to 1997 and Goldman Sachs from 1997 to 
2005, following Goldman Sachs' acquisition of Commodities Corporation in 1997. Seb was a Managing Director in the Hedge Fund 
Strategies Group ("HFS") at Goldman Sachs and was responsible for identifying and evaluating hedge fund managers with a focus on 
global macro and managed futures strategies. Seb was also responsible for constructing portfolios for over $5 billion of assets 
across all hedge fund strategies, served as the Chair of the HFS Risk Committee, and served as sole portfolio manager (among other 
mandates) for Stockton Reinsurance Investment Limited ("SRIL"), the successor company to Commodities Corporation (SRIL 
portfolio became GS Princeton Fund, the flagship product of HFS). Seb built the allocation model that SRIL used to define (1) the 
appropriate amount of leverage the firm was willing to assume and (2) the suggested allocation among various hedge fund 
strategies. This portfolio represented substantially all the investment ("non-insurance") assets of SRIL. 
Prior to the role at Goldman Sachs, Seb headed the Quantitative Research and Risk Management Group for four years. His 
responsibilities included developing quantitative models for risk measurement, risk monitoring, portfolio construction and 
evaluating quantitative trading approaches. Seb has a BS in Computer Science, an MS in Computer Science and an MBA from 
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. 
FARMHOUSE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
EFTA01137113
--- PAGE 3 ---
CONFIDENTIAL 
Principal Biographies - Peter Ort 
PETER ORT. Pete is co-founder and managing member of Farmhouse Capital Management LLC, a hedge fund management 
company based in Princeton. Pete is also co-founder and managing member of CurAlea Associates LLC, a firm providing risk 
management and other advisory services to hedge funds and hedge fund investors. 
Prior to CurAlea, Pete was a Managing Director at Karsch Capital Management ("KCM"), a $3.3 billion hedge fund 
management company, where he was the Head of Business Strategy and a member of the Risk Committee. At KCM, Pete 
worked closely with the portfolio manager and senior analyst teams on portfolio strategy & risk management, recruited a 
senior portfolio manager and team for a new distressed strategy, and interacted with prospective and existing clients, 
particularly in Asia. 
Prior to joining KCM in March 2009, Pete was a Managing Director at Goldman Sachs & Co. Pete was co-Head of the Hedge 
Fund Strategies Group ("HFS") where he shared responsibility for $25 billion of investments with external hedge funds 
across all hedge fund strategies on a global basis and for all aspects of portfolio & risk management, manager research & 
selection, operational due diligence, and marketing. During the period of Pete's leadership of HFS, the group achieved 
record annual revenues in excess of $300 million. 
Pete first joined Goldman Sachs & Co. in 1996 in the Investment Banking Division's Financial Institutions Group. From 2000-
2001, Pete was a Vice President of Smartleaf, Inc. Pete graduated from Duke University in 1991 and obtained J.D. and 
M.B.A. degrees from New York University in 1995. Pete was a Fulbright Scholar in Japan from 1991-1992. Pete grew up 
speaking Czech and also speaks some German, Japanese, French, Spanish, and Italian. 
Pete is a member of the New York and New Jersey State Bars. Pete is also a member of the State Board of Directors of 
Junior Achievement of New Jersey, an organization dedicated to educating students about workforce readiness, 
entrepreneurship and financial literacy. 
I FARMHOUSE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
EFTA01137114

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137115.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137115.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: US GIO  
To: Undisclosed recipients:; 
Subject: Eye On The Market: Desperately Seeking Shinzo 
Date: Mon, 18 Mar 2013 19:01:03 +0000 
Attachments: 03-18-2013_-_Desperately_Seeking_Shinzo.pdf 
Inline-Images: image001.png; image002.png; image004.png 
Eye on the Market, March 18,2013 
Topics: The possible economic and investment impact of Japan's monetary and fiscal bazooka; and the latest round 
of historical revisionism in Europe 
Desperately Seeking Shinzo. Pressures from low growth, stagnant corporate profits and lost competitiveness have 
apparently reached a breaking point in Japan, not just economically, but also politically. The Shinzo Abe Administration 
differs from its predecessors, and appears intent on breaking the cycle of deflation. As mentioned in our 2013 Outlook, 
while there are structural problems in Japan, aggressive monetary and fiscal policy could move those issues to the back-
burner as far as markets are concerned in 2013. This looks more like a "trade" than a long-term investment, but for 
investors able to hedge out the Yen exposure (given Japan's intention to debase it), Japanese equities may continue to 
perform well for a while longer, even after the Nikkei rally since last fall. Like the cicada which lives underground for 17 
years and then emerges for a short, vibrant period above ground, 2013 is a year in the sun for Japanese equities after 2 
decades of underperformance. The attached note walks through the details, with a review of the Japanese economy, its 
equity markets and proposed efforts to revive the deflation-fighting techniques that Japan used in the 1930's. 
The benefit of being underweight Japanese equities 
Cumulative outperformanoe of MSCI World ex-Japan vs MSC' World, 
rolling 2 years 
35% 
30% 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
-5% 
-10% 
IL.. Last appearance of the Cicadas 
-15% J 
(Japanese outperform ance) 
1988 
1992 
1998 
2C00 
2004 
2008 
Source: Bloomberg. 
2012 
US Dollar and Local currency total returns by region 
Year to date 
USD 
Local 
2007-2012 1 
USD 
Local 
S&P 500 
10.0% 
10.0% 
15% 
15% 
MSCI Europe 
5.8% 
9.2% 
-5% 
-4% 
Euro Stoxx 
2.7% 
3.8% 
-17% 
-17% 
MSCI Japan 
11.5% 
22.6% 
-22% 
-44% 
Nikkei 
9.0% 
20.9% 
-7% 
-33% 
MSCI EM 
-1.0% 
-0.3% 
36% 
39% 
Source: Bloomberg. Data as of March 15, 2013. 
In the U.S., the private sector is doing OK, with household demand, housing, production and employment all running at a 
solid pace. In Europe, to me the event of the week wasn't the proposed confiscatory tax on Cypriot bank deposits (given 
the uniqueness of the situation), but the bizarre comments from the former President of the Euro Group about the threat of 
war as a justification for continuing with European austerity. Remarks like this are part of the Creation Myth of the Euro, 
and seem to ignore the fact that if there are rising regional tensions, you don't have to look very far to figure out where 
they are coming from in the charts below. More in the attached PDF. 
EFTA01137115
--- PAGE 2 ---
Germany vs Italy: Industrial Production 
Index 1999=100 
1401 
Euro fixed 
130 
Germany 
120 
110 
100 
1982 1988 1990 1994 1998 2002 2008 2010 
Source: OECD, GaveKalSecurities. 
Michael Cembalest 
J.P. Morgan Asset Management 
Unemployment: Euro Periphery minus 
Germany, Percent 
14% 
12% 
10% 
8% 
6% 
4% 
2% 
0% 
-2% 
-4% 
1971 1979 
1987 
1995 
2003 
2011 
Source: JPMAM. BoS, Bo P, OECD, NSS, IMF. 
Cur ent account deficits 
Percentof GDP 
4% 
Euro fixed 
2% 
France, Germany,
U.K. 
0% 
-2% 
-4% 
Greece,Italy, Ireland, 
-8% 
Portugal, Spain 
-8% 
1975 1980 1985 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 
Source:OECD. 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, 
and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://wwwjpmorgan.corn/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA01137116

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137117.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137117.pdf
----------------------------------------
Eye on the Market  March 18.2013 
J.P.Morgan 
Topics: The possible economic and investment impact of Japan's monetary and fiscal bazooka; and the latest round of 
historical revisionism in Europe 
This week's note focuses on Japan's rising equity markets, but first, a comment on Europe. Jean Claude Juncker, Prime 
Minister of Luxembourg and former President of the Euro Group, was quoted in Der Spiegel last week as saying that there are 
disturbing parallels to Europe in 1913, before the First World War, and that "those who think that the question of war can never 
be raised in Europe any more may be massively wrong. The demons are not gone, they are only sleeping." He proceeded to use 
this as a justification for keeping the Euro and sticking to the austerity program. What should one make of such remarks? 
If the Euro makes sense in the long run, it will be because of its economic advantages, not its political ones. I have doubts about 
the former (see our May 2012 chart on EU economic dispersion vs countries starting with the letter "M"), but time will tell. In 
any case, using the threat of war as a justification for the Euro is ridiculous. From 1900 to 1945, tens of millions of Europeans 
were killed in wars with other European countries; practically none' have been killed since, and this has nothing to do with 
Europe using a single currency. The explanations for Europe's demilitarization are complex (the Cold War, the Marshall plan, 
Germany's demobilization), but history shows that a lasting peace in Europe was won decades before the Euro was introduced. 
"Where have all the soldiers gone? The Transformation of Modern Europe" by Stanford's James Sheehan shows how 1945, 
rather than 1968, 1989 or 2001, was the turning point for the continent. As a result, comments like Juncker's appear to be part 
of a Creation Myth advanced by some EU politicians: the idea that European citizens must accept further supranational 
governance to prevent future conflict. 
For what it's worth, if there are rising regional tensions in Europe, it's not difficult to identify what's causing them. There is a 
common denominator at work below: the Euro is the primary catalyst for the continent's dislocations, imbalances, and painful 
adjustments. While the European Union has been an anchor for peace, the Euro has not. In the end, economics trumps politics. 
Germany vs Italy: Industrial Production 
Index 1999=100 
140 
Euro fixed 
130 
120 
110 
100 
1982 1986 1990 1994 1998 2002 2006 2010 
Source: OECD, GaveKalSeetrities. 
Germany 
Unemployment: Euro Periphery minus 
Germany, Percent 
14% 
12% 
10% 
8% 
6% 
4% 
2% 
CIV 
.2% 
.4% 
1971 
1979 1987 1995 2003 2011 
Source: J MAIN, Bo S, Bo P, OECD, NSS, IMF. 
Current account deficits 
Percent of GDP 
4% 
Euro fixed 
2% 
France. Germany, 
I
U.K. 
Greece. Italy. Ireland, I 
Portugal. Spain 
-8% 
1975 1980 1985 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 
Source: OECD. 
I would downplay for now some of the issues you might read regarding contagion risk from Cyprus, which is a bit of a special 
case2. In the U.S., the private sector is doing OK, with household demand, housing, spending, production and employment all 
running at a solid pace. And now, onto Japan, which has registered among the highest equity market gains of the year, 
particularly for investors that also positioned for the Yen's decline. 
This number would be 140,000 if casualties resulting from the disintegration of Yugoslavia in the early 1990's were included. The Balkan 
countries are "European" (they are almost all candidates or potential candidate countries for EU accession), but the disintegration of a multi-
ethnic/religious country is not something likely to repeated elsewhere. Another 15,000 were killed in the 1956 Russian-Hungarian conflict, 
and 5,000 during the 1974 conflict between Turkey and Greece on Cyprus. However, for these purposes, I would not characterize Russia, the 
North Caucuses or Turkey as "European", despite their membership in the "Council of Europe", an umbrella organization of 47 countries 
which also includes Azerbaijan and the Ukraine. 
Germany's Federal Intelligence Service (the BND) concluded last fall that an aid program for Cyprus would benefit certain Russian 
depositors with billions of dollars in deposits in Cyprus, and that "Cyprus is a gateway for money laundering activities in the EU". The 
politics of the EU seem to require harsher treatment for Cypriot bank depositors (partial confiscation), but I am not so sure this is a paradigm 
for what will happen elsewhere, and why this would be more of a problem for depositors or financial markets than private sector losses 
already imposed on Greek bondholders while the ECB was kept whole. The Eurozone makes its idiosyncratic decisions based on different 
circumstances, and frequently changes its mind; that is the lesson of the last 4 years. Europe's destiny, whatever it is, will likely not be 
shaped by what happens in Cyprus. The bigger issue to me, as we have shown in recent weeks, is how growth conditions in France. Italy and 
Spain are weaker than they have been in a century, other than during the deprivations of wartime. 
EFTA01137117
--- PAGE 2 ---
Eye on the Market  March 18.2013 
J.P.Morgan 
Topics: The possible economic and investment impact of Japan's monetary and fiscal bazooka; and the latest round of 
historical revisionism in Europe 
Desperately Seeking Shinto. Pressures from low growth, stagnant profits and lost competitiveness have apparently 
reached a breaking point not just economically, but politically. The Shinzo Abe Administration differs from its 
predecessors, and appears intent on breaking the cycle of deflation. As mentioned in our 2013 Outlook, while there are 
structural problems in Japan, aggressive monetary and fiscal policy could move those issues to the back-burner as far as 
markets are concerned in 2013. This looks more like a "trade" than a long-term investment, but for investors able to 
hedge the Yen exposure (given Japan's intention to debase it), Japanese equities may continue to perform well for a 
while longer, even after the rally since last fall. Like the cicada which lives underground for 17 years and then emerges 
for a short period above ground, 2013 is a year in the sun for Japanese equities after 2 decades of underperformance. 
Background on the Japanese economy in 5 simple charts 
Both nominal and real growth in Japan have stalled since 1990, with Japan exceptionally low in nominal terms. Corporate 
profits have stagnated as well while the rest of the world has seen corporate profits rebound. Cash earnings by employees have 
collapsed, and are now back (amazingly) at the same level they were in 1990. For context: in the US, average hourly earnings 
have doubled over the same period. Another sign of pressure: Japan's long-standing trade and current account surpluses which 
prevailed since 1980 have evaporated. And of course, there is Japan's gargantuan government debt which is over 200% of GDP. 
If Japan had grown at just 3% (nominal) over the last 20 years, we estimate that its debt ratio would be 130% instead. The 
surprise to me is it has taken this long for Japan to find the situation intolerable. My guess is that the pressure for change is 
coining from the corporate sector, rather than from aging households. 
Japan growth, 1991-2012 
US vs. Japan corporate profits 
Nominal GDPgrowth 
Billions, USD 
TrillionS,JPY 
10% 
2,000 
8% 
6% 
4% 
2% 
0% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
IMF Advanced Economies 
-2% 
0% 
1% 
2% 
3% 
4% 
5% 
6% 
7% 
Real GDPgrowth 
Source: International Monetary Fund. 
1,750 
1,500 
1,250 
1.000 
750 
500 
1999 
2003 
2007 
Source: BEA, Japan Ministry of Finance. 
2011 
Total cash earnings per employee in Japan 
Japanese current account and trade balances 
Index. 2000 = 100. sa. firms with 5+ employees 
Percent of GDP 
120 
7% 
115 
110 
105 
100 
1990 
1993 
1996 
1999 
2002 
2005 
2008 
2011 
Source: Ministryof Health. Labor& Welfare. 
6% 
5% 
4% 
3% 
2% 
1% 
0% 
-1% 
-2% 
-3% 
4% 
1968 
Current account 
Trade account 
1979 
1990 
2001 
Source: OECD, Bank of Japan. Ministry of Finance. 
2012 
Japanese general 
1990 
1992 
1994 
1996 
1998 
2000 
2002 
2004 
2006 
2008 
2010 
2012 
government debt/GDP 
IMF) 
_• 
Actual 
118 
140 
164 
181 
186 
192 
215 
237 
If nominal GDP had grown at 
3% instead of 0% 
107 
118 
128 
134 
131 
126 
128 
130 
EFTA01137118
--- PAGE 3 ---
Eye on the Market  March 18.2013 
J.P.Morgan 
Topics: The possible economic and investment impact of Japan's monetary and fiscal bazooka; and the latest round of 
historical revisionism in Europe 
What is Japan planning to do about it? 
Shinzo Abe's government intends to ease monetary and fiscal policy until nominal GDP growth hits 3 percent, and until core 
inflation hits 2 percent. How they will execute the plan is still a mystery: will they run large fiscal deficits and public works 
projects? Will they buy foreign bonds to weaken the Yen and risk the wrath of the G7? Will they buy risky domestic assets and 
encourage greater-risk taking by cash-rich Japanese households? Will they adopt massive tax breaks for R&D and capital 
spending to promote private sector investment? Not clear yet. What we do know is that it may take a LOT of money printing to 
get the job done, since as shown, it has been 20 years since Japan generated nominal growth and inflation at the target levels. 
The benefits of announcing the plan helped to weaken Yen/$ from around 80 to the mid-90's. As shown in the second chart, 
that corresponds to a decline in the trade-weighted Yen as well. The trade-weighted Yen is still 10%-15% higher than it was 
during prior periods accompanied by consistent trade surpluses. 
Japan core CPI and nominal GDP growth rate 
Japanese Yen trade weighted index 
Percent change 
Index. January 2000 = 100 
8% - 
120 
110 
6% - 
100 
4%.
--- 
2% - 
0% 
-2% - 
-4% - 
1985 
1990 
1996 
2001 
2007 
2012 
1980 
1988 
1996 
Source: Mi fleshy of Internal Affai rs an d Communications, J. P. Morgan 
Securities LLC, Cabinet Office o IJapan. CPI adjusted fo rchanges i n tax rates. 
Sou ce: Goldman Sachs 8 Co., Bloonberg. 
Nominal GDP, 3-year annualized 
Appreciation 
2012 
We don't know exactly what Japan will do, and there is a chance they will reverse course. However, my sense is that something 
has changed in Japan's attitude towards deflation, and that they are prepared to take economic and political risk to confront it. 
The losers might include holders of long-duration Japanese government bonds, if the plan entails higher domestic interest rates; 
but if US-style central bank purchases are used, government bond yields might remain stable. Who holds them? Private sector 
and quasi-nationalized Japanese banks and insurance companies own 75% of all Japanese government bonds. 
What about Japanese equities? 
Japan has been on a strange and sad odyssey in global equity markets. Incredibly, Japan used to represent over 40% of the 
MSCI World Equity Index. Influential books were published on its economic miracle ("Theory Z", "The Art of Japanese 
Management", "The Key to Japan's Competitive Success", etc) and then the Nikkei sank 65% starting in 1989. At the peak, 
Japanese equities were trading at 40-70 times earnings; now they are between 10x and 15x. Japan still trades at slightly higher 
P/E's than other countries, but the margin between them is a fraction of what it once was. 
MSCI World Index market cap in Japan 
Valuation of the MSCI Japan Index 
Percent 
Multiple 
45% 
80x 
40% 
70x -
35% 
60x -
30% 
50x • 
25% 
40x • 
20% 
30x • 
15% 
20x • 
10% 
10x • 
5%  
 Ox 
1988 
1991 
1994 
1997 
2000 
2003 
2006 
2009 
2012 
1988 
1992 
1996 
2000 
2004 
Sou ce: MSCI,J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. 
Sou ce: MSCI, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. 
Price-to-forward 12-month EPS 
2012 
6x 
5x 
4x 
3x 
2x 
lx 
Ox 
EFTA01137119
--- PAGE 4 ---
Eye on the Market  March 18.2013 
SP.Morgan 
Topics: The possible economic and investment impact of Japan's monetary and fiscal bazooka; and the latest round of 
historical revisionism in Europe 
During Japan's descent into deflation, many global equity managers and asset allocators with the flexibility to avoid 
Japan did exactly that. The first chart below shows the cumulative benefit of not owning any Japanese equities in a global 
equity portfolio since 1998. This is one of the most consistent regional investment differentials ever seen. While the magnitude 
of the benefit was somewhat smaller in the 2000's, this is a function of the collapse in Japan's weight in the MSCI index; it still 
generated consistent portfolio benefits with few lapses. The second chart is an indication of why many investors have been so 
comfortable underweighting Japan: its corporate sector has inferior margins compared to others. 
The benefit of being underweight Japanese equities 
Cumulative outperformance of MSCI World ex-Japan vs MSCI World, 
rolling 2 years 
35% 
30% 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
.5% 
•10% 
.15% 
1988 
1992 
Source: Bloomberg. 
Last appearance of the Cicadas 
(Japanese outperformance) 
1996 
2000 
2004 
2008 
2012 
Return on Equity 
Percent 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
.5% 
1995 1997 1999 2001 2003 2005 2007 2009 2011 2013 
Source: Datastream. 
US 
Emerging 
Markets 
Japan 
The cicadas emerge 
The table below shows the four major equity markets in dollar and local currency terms. I have written before about the benefits 
of a portfolio tilted to the US and Emerging Markets over Japan and Europe. This has been a consistently positive strategy over 
the last 20 years, and in particular over the last few years as the financial crisis exposed severe structural problems of Europe. 
Since last fall, however, while Europe has lagged the US as we expected, the Nikkei has been on a tear as markets anticipate 
easier financial conditions and shifts in Japanese household and corporate behavior. The Nikkei rose from 9,000 to over 12,500, 
for a 40%+ return. Unfortunately for non-Yen based investors, more than half of this return was eroded by the decline in the 
Yen mentioned earlier. The chart below shows how closely the Nikkei's rise and the Yen decline have been linked. If an 
investor had purchased Japanese equities and hedged the Yen exposure (by shorting the Yen vs their home currency), 
returns would be much closer to the Yen returns shown. This, it seems to me, represents the most sensible strategy for 
purchasers of Japanese equities. 
US Dollar and Local currency total returns by region 
Year to date 
USD 
Local 
2007-2012 
USD 
Local 
S&P 500 
10.0% 
10.0% 
15% 
15% 
MSCI Europe 
5.8% 
9.2% 
-5% 
-4% 
Euro Stoxx 
2.7% 
3.8% 
-17% 
-17% 
MSCI Japan 
11.5% 
22.6% 
-22% 
-44% 
Nikkei 
9.0% 
20.9% 
-7% 
-33% 
MSCI EM 
-1.0% 
-0.3% 
36% 
39% 
Source: Blooirbe g. Data as of March 15, 2013. 
Index level, JPY 
13,000 
12,500 NIkke1225 
12,000 
11,500 
11,000 
10,500 
10,000 
9,500 
9,000 
8,500 
8,000 
9/3/2012 
Sept 26 
Abe becomes 
head 
LDP 
Japanese equities & the Yen since last September 
USD/JPY 
100 
Nov 16 
Jan 15 
Dissolution of 
Supplementary 
Lower House 
budget 
Dec 16 
Lower House 
election 
10/18/2012 
12/2/2012 
1/16/2013 
3/2/2013 
Source: Bloomberg, Nomura. 
If Japan does continue to modestly pressure the Yen downwards vs its trading partners, it should benefit: Japan has one of the 
highest sensitivities in the world of export prices to exchange rates. According to a paper from the Federal Reserve in 2007, a 
percent depreciation of the EU currencies, the Canadian dollar, or the Asian emerging currencies would raise the price of 
exports from these regions by 3 percent, whereas a similar decline in the nominal effective yen would boost the yen price of 
Japanese exports by 5 percent. In effect, Japanese companies benefit more from currency devaluation than other regions. 
EFTA01137120
--- PAGE 5 ---
Eye on the Market  March 18.2013 
J.P. Morgan 
Topics: The possible economic and investment impact of Japan's monetary and fiscal bazooka; and the latest round of 
historical revisionism in Europe 
Other long-term factors to keep in mind 
There are well-known structural headwinds that Japan faces as well, such as the world's most unfavorable 
demographics, and its decision to shut down nuclear power and rely on much more expensive forms of energy. The 
second chart shows Japan's 2031 power generation targets. Renewable energy (ex-hydro) is estimated to rise from 1.25% to 
12%-25%, which is very ambitious once you take into account that offshore wind is the largest projected expected increase in 
the plan. Offshore wind is substantially costlier than onshore wind; we have seen projects in Europe where the cost of building 
the connection of an offshore wind turbine to the grid is more expensive than building an entire brand new combined cycle 
natural gas plant. Japan has limited experience with either onshore or offshore wind, and something tells me that in a few 
years, nuclear power will be turned back on so as to maintain reasonable electricity prices for Japan's export sector. 
Japan power plant capacity utilization by fuel type 
Contribution to Japan power generation 
Percent 
100% 
100% 
90% 
Coal 
90% - 
80% 
LNG 
80% 
70% 
70%- 
60% -
60°i 
Oil 
50% - 
50% 
40% • 
40% 
30% • 
30% 
20% • 
10% - 
20% 
0% 
10% 
0% 
Nuclear 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
Source:Federalonof Electric Power Companies of Japan 2012 Electricity 
Review, J.P. Morgan Commodities Research. 
Percent 
I.
Potential 2031 
targets 
Source: Fed eraion of Electric Power Companies of Japan. METI Advisory 
Committee. 
I
Co-generation 
Renewables 
Hydro 
LNG 
Coal 
Nuclear 
Csi 
C, 
R
Conclusion 
If investors have the capacity to hedge away Yen exposure, it makes more sense to hold some Japanese equities than it has in a 
long time. The Abe administration appears committed to boosting private sector wages, activity and profits. The Finance 
Minister has referenced efforts during the 1930's by Finance Minister Takahashi that were ultimately successful in combating 
deflation (see chart). Takahashi policies included a 40% decline in the Yen, lower tax revenue and a rise in public works 
spending (note: the only spending Takahashi cut was military spending, which led to his assassination by Japanese military 
officers in 1936). There are differences in Japan between now and then: Japan's government debt was only 56% in the 1930's. 
However, the parallels are similar to those drawn by Bernanke when discussing successful stimulus undertaken by President 
Roosevelt. Many of Japan's structural problems will almost certainly resurface, but in 2013, changing policies may outweigh 
them in the financial markets. Be prepared to take profits on this position at some point; cicadas don't live forever. 
The end of Japanese deflation period in the 1930's 
Percentchange YoY 
Inception of the Takahashi 
linandal policy 
30% 
20% 
Real GNP 
10% 
GNP deflator 
0% 
-10% 
Period of severe 
-20% 
deflation 1926-1931 
1920 1922 1924 1926 1928 1930 1932 1934 
Source: Nomura, Japan's Economic Planning Agency 
Nominal 
GNP 
Michael Cembalest 
J.P. Morgan Asset Management 
1936 1938 
EFTA01137121
--- PAGE 6 ---
Eye on the Market  March 18.2013 
J.P.Morgan 
Topics: The possible economic and investment impact of Japan's monetary and fiscal bazooka; and the latest round of 
historical revisionism in Europe 
-Exchange rate pass-through to export prices: assessing some cross-country evidence", Vigfusson, Sheets and Gagnon; Federal 
Reserve Board, June 2007. 
"Haven for Oligarchs: Europe's Mounting Reluctance to Bail Out Cyprus", Der Spiegel, January 14, 2013 
"Abenomics and Japan's experience in the 1930f, Nomura Japanese Economic insight, Febmary 25, 2013 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tat advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. fat matters contained 
herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or 
recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tat-related 
penalties. Note that J.P. Morgan is not a licensed insurance provider. 
The material contained herein is intended as a general mania commentary. Opinions espressed herein are those elMichael Cembalest and may differ from those of other J.P. Morgan 
employees and affiliates. This information In no wayconstitutesJ.P. Morgan research and should not be treated as such. Further. the views expressed herein may differ from that contained 
in J.P. Morgan research reports. The above summarArkes/quoteshratinics have been obtained from sources deemed to be reliable. but we do not guarantee their accuracy or 
completeness, any yield referenced is indicative and subject to change. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. References to the performance or character of our portfolios 
generally refer to our Balanced Model Portfolios constructed by J.P. Morgan. h is a prosy for client performance and may not represent actual transactions or investments in client 
accounts. The model portfolio can be implemented across brokerage or managed accounts depending on the unique objectives of each them and is serviced through distinct legal entities 
licensed for specific activities. Bank. mut and investment management services are prodded by JP Morgan Chase Bank N.A. and its affiliates. Securities are offered through J.P. Morgan 
Securities LLC(JPMS). Member NYSE. FINRA and SIPC. and its affiliates globally as local legislation permits. Securities products purchased or sold through JPMS are not insured by the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"): are not deposits or other obligations of its bank or thrift affiliates and arena guaranteed by its bank or thrift affiliates: and are subject 
to investment risks- including possible lass of the principal invested. Not all investment ideas referenced are suitable for all investors. Speak with your J.P. Morgan Representative 
concerning your personal situation. This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument. Private Investment, may engage in 
leveraging and other speculative practices that may increase the risk of investment lost can be highly illiquid. are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuations to investors and 
may inuelve cornetts tar structures and delays in distributing important tax information. Typically such investment ideas can only be offered to suitable investors through a confidential 
offering memorandum which fully describes all terms. conditions. and risks. High yield bonds are speculative non-investment grade bonds that hate higher risk of default or other adverse 
credit events which are appropriate for high-risk bitumen only. Investments in commodities carry greater volatility than investments in traditional securities. There are additional risks 
associated with international investing and may not be suitable for all investors. This material is distributed with the understanding that LP. Morgan is not rendering accounting. legal or 
tax advice. You should consult with your independent advisors concerning such matters. 
Bank products and services are offered by JPMorgan Chase Bank NA. and its affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, member NYSE. F/NRA and S1PC. and other 
affiliates globally as local legislation permits. 
In the United Kingdom. this material is approved by J.P. Morgan International Bank Limited (JPMCB) with the registered office located at 25 Bank Street. Canary Wharf. Ismdent E14 5.1P. 
registered in England No. 03838766 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. In addition. this material maybe distributed by: JPMorgan (bate Bank. NA. 
(JPMCB) Paris branch, which is regulated by the French banking authorities Autoritt de Cone-ale Prudentiel and Aureate des Marches Financiers: J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA. regulated by 
the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority: JPMCB Bahrain branch. licensed as a conventional wholesale bank by the Central Bank of Bahrain (for professional clients only): 
JPMCB Dubai branch. regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Ateherity. 
In Hong Kong. this material is distributed by JPMorgan Chase Bank NA. (JPMCB) Hong Kong branch swept to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch and where this 
material relates to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) 
Limited tIPMSAPL). Both JPMCB Hong Kong branch and JPMSAPL are regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. 
In Singapore. this material is distributed by JPMCB Singapore branch except ro recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch and where this material relates to a Collective 
Investment Scheme (other than prime- fends such as a private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by AP. Morgan (SEA.) Limited (JPMSEAL). Both JPMCB Singapore 
branch and JPMSEAL are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
With respect to countries in Latin America. the distribution of this material may be restricted in certain jurisdictions. Receipt of this material does not constitute an offer or solicitation to 
any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it would be unlanfal to make such offer or solicitation. 
Each recipient ofthis presentation, and each agent thereof. may disclose to any person, without limitation. the US income and franchise tax treatment and tax structure of the transactions 
described herein and may disclose all materials of anykind (including opinions or other tax analyses)provided to each recipient insofar as the materials relate to a US income or franchise 
tax strategy provided to such recipient by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries. Should you have any questions regarding the information contained in this material or about J.P. 
Morgan products and services. please contact your J.P. Morgan private banking representative. Additional information is available upon request "J.P. Morgan" is the marketing name for 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. This material may not be reproduced or circulated without J.P. Atorgan's authority. 0 2013 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
All rights reserved 
EFTA01137122

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137123.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137123.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L." ala> 
To: "Dowling, David" alga>, 
Florida Science Foundation 
<eevacation a mail.com>, "Lande, Mark" <aa>, 
"Mukamal, Tom" 
Subject: AYH Discussion 
Date: Fri, 08 Mar 2013 21:01:52 +0000 
Attachments: unnamed 
When: Monday,March 11, 2013 2:00 PM-3:00 PM. UTC-05:00) Eastern Time 
S & Canada) 
Where: 
(international or 
passcode 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any 
information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall 
be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital 
Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island 
Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA01137123

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137124.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: AYH Discussion 
Start Date: 2013-03-11 18:00:00 +0000 
End Date: 2013-03-11 19:00:00 +0000 
Organizer: Farkas, Andrew L. <
Location: 
(international or 
passcode • 
Status: CONFIRMED 
Attendee: Dowling, David 
>; Florida Science Foundation 
<jeevacation@gmail.com>; Lande, Mark < 
>; Mukamal, Tom 
Class: PUBLIC 
Priority: S 
DTSTAMP: 2013-03-08 21:01:51 +0000 
Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
REMINDER 
When: Monday, March 11, 2013 2:00 PM-3:00 PM. (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada) 
Where: 
(international or 
passcode 
*_*_*_*_*_*_*-,*-,*._* 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of 
the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information 
that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure 
agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any 
information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its 
affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital 
Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA01137124

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137125.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: John Castrucci 
Date: Fri, 08 Mar 2013 21:15:10 +0000 
Attachments: img-308160524-0001.pdf 
two versions of the resume because one shows much more detail 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM [mailto: 
Sent: Friday, March 08, 2013 4:05 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 5 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com/ 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01137125

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137126.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137126.pdf
----------------------------------------
John M. Castrucci, CPA 
Senior Financial Officer 
CFO & COO Duties and Resposibilities on behalf of the 
Family Office of Raymond G. Chambers 
A 
Kotumba Capital Management, LLC - Morristown, N.J. & New York, N.Y. 
,. 
(Formerly, Van Beuren Management, Inc.) 
fiet,..t. 
N(:v. .-0
A full service single family office that provides accounting, tax, financial and investmentzworting,Vritministration, 
portfolio management, private equity oversight, facilities management, insurance ancit?Soncierge2tse:Icearn'a multi-
generational family. 
rt*. 
& 
The MCJ Amelior Foundation - Morristown, N.J. & New York, N.Y. 
r
A family foundation focused on the arts, educational development of children and urbande amen!: n Newark, N.J. The 
foundation's global initiatives support the United Nations' health and education mgiqnntum loStirough a United Nations 
special envoy team that seeks to eradicate Malaria. 
Peg 
....... 
Strategic Financial Advisor 
Senior Financial Officer 
CFO & COO Duties and Responsibilities: 
2010 - Present 
2010 - 2012 
Reporting responsibility to Family CEO. Managed day-to-do fing,2peratIons of full service single family office, while 
supervising a staff of professionals and a teem of indOpendenWnsultants in matters including accounting, tax 
compliance, financial and Investment repor1162, 
st adMirlistratrr multi-generational estate planning, foundation 
planning, portfolio management, private equity ov 
ight, reilggstate management and develoment, insurance and 
concierge services to a multi-generational fa ilytosteVkan environment of team support, cooperation, mutual respect, 
and commitment to excellent client services rte providing1A,_ i
k 
offing and mentoring to professional staff through an open 
and honest communication platform. Responsibtilkor promcifing a highly ethical and professional family office environment 
through effective communication and adherence tri 
vacy and confidentiality agreements. 
• 
Managed the accurate a 
ely fin 
al reporting and recordkeeping for family investments, including quarterly 
financial and cash flow stateants,, nvestrnent performance reports, partnership accountings, general ledger 
accountings and othpt jklated repsdkeeping services at the family and Individual levels. Oversaw the maintenance 
of records regarding fairy 
investments, including original signed investment contracts, records regarding 
transaffiltdas bet' en family entities, and records necessary for tax compliance, regulatory compliance and 
performanceana 
a Managed email and record keeping retention policies. 
i
• 
sponsible for ciTh and debt management functions, including managing banking relationships. 
• 
nsible for Jhe tax planning, preparation, review and timely filing of all individual, family partnership, family 
ift and Ifvate foundation tax returns. Provide strategic tax transactional advice pertaining to the structure of 
f nancta 
n ctions and entities. 
• 
Advised family on financial reporting matters for banking, board, political and non-profit sectors. Assisted family on 
political actions involving cabinet meeting initiatives and contributions guidelines. 
• 
Coordinated family limited investment partnership tax/audit minimization planning. 
• 
Designed and maintained a cost effective family office structure. Designed governance, succession and multi-
generational estate plans, which adhered to SEC family office guidelines and met the family's long-term goals and 
objectives. Served as second-generation client services relationship manager. 
EFTA01137126
--- PAGE 2 ---
John M. Castrucci, CPA 
Page 2 of 2 
• 
Strategic tax and financial advisor for family operating business focusing on matters including: tax (conversion of C-
corp. to S-corp.), estate planning (implemented dynasty trust), and executive hiring and incentive plan designs 
(coordinated CEO contract and family office stock appreciation right plan). 
• 
Provided strategic philanthropic advisory services to family charitable foundation on domestic and global (United 
Nations) matters. Advised foundation on tax and financial matters including socially responsible investments relating 
to urban development and arts & entertainment related initiatives. 
• 
Provided human resource management for team of family office professionals and family ope`Yd 
business 
executives, family foundation staff, property managers, household employees, and flight operation professionals. 
Responsible for the implementation of hiring, training, and assessment for compensaliphaards'agibove 
employees and independent consultants while overseeing compliance to employment andillaborla 
DeVeloped 
standard operating procedures and employee manuals. Designed executive %slocationVacka 
Coordinated 
employee displacements to ensure proper releases and execution of confidentiality agreemegil 
ided payroll 
t..z 
and benefit advisory oversight to all family entities. 
94-r
1/4
> 
• 
Supervised family's personal administrative staff operations, personal chauffkik and file 1-,.-operations. Provided 
scheduling strategies, family event planning, personal driver guidelines and 
tarps( onal travel oversight. 
Coordinated flight operations annual budget, including maintenance a 
i pital e 
Silures initiatives. Ensured 
FAA compliance guidelines were implemented. Analyzed aircraft pu 
0' sing options with external vendors. 
• 
Supervised property managers for personal and commercial buildings. C  ted forrnat for property managers' weekly 
and seasonal project reports. Created long term capital e 
yiturecti:adgets. Advised family on community 
la 
residential real estate development projects. Coordinated go 
ponardittes between household employees and 
property managers. Coordinated emergency (disattert.recowly) backuri, plans for personal, commercial and family 
office locations. Organized the relocation arrangema • ochdefeholdtperty managers. 
• 
Conducted study, which determined whiner family‘ce seOles were best provided through internal staffing or an 
outsourcing provider. Utilized a servicciamatrix and Wuest forpoposal 
fr  
process. 
ai 
t 
,>r4 9
,r. 
• 
Liaison with extemal vendors an4profesaibaajb(inaludIng legal) advisors for family office. Responsible for the 
coordination of all engagement agreeprni 
-4...
s. 
-
tc„.. 
,,-.. 
• 
Supervised technology vendors to 'ensUre,fhat the appropriate disaster recovery systems and procedures were 
• implemented to ensure workflow:continul
d.security of the families confidential digitized document vault. 
" -N
trail
 1/4 7 
• 
Served on family and foundation diVest ant committees, which are responsible for portfolio management and 
oversight. 
`c'' 
kk
,
• 
Provided strategic aff4j.kery ecisi through investment committees focused on the direct and pooled private equity 
• 
Fa 
manage ant, ova lg 
tated acquis 
`,Toccaelal assets such as automobiles, collectibles and jewelry and related risk management 
kht an14.pless in secondary markets. 
ices. 
."0-41fiar 
• 
ber of profes tonal sports advisory task force that provided guidance to the family on National Hockey League, 
eague B 
ball and arena related matters. 
• 
Strateg 
isor for start-up ventures in social media branding industry. Coordinated all aspects of legal contracts 
and financial reporting. 
• 
Provided risk management oversight for all aspects of insurances on behalf of family members and related entitles. 
• 
Served as corporate officer, board representative and trustee for numerous family related entities, including several 
socially responsible projects. 
EFTA01137127
--- PAGE 3 ---
John M. Castrucci, CPA 
Senior Financial Officer 
CFO & COO Expertise 
Extensive experience in advising multi-generational high net-worth families in a broad array of wealth management and tax 
related matters. Experience includes a solid understanding of developing, managing and servicing complex and diverse 
single and multi-family offices. A well-organized, proactive, flexible and diplomatic team player with the ability to manage a 
wide range of complex projects while mentoring a team of professionals to support a family office. 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE 
■ 
Multi-Generational Planning 
■ 
Family Office Tax Planning 
■ 
Family Business Advisory 
■ 
Domestic and Global Philanthropy 
■ 
Corporate Officer, Board Member & 
Trustee Duties 
■ 
Flight Operations & Travel Mgt ■ 
■ 
Professional Sports Advisory ■ 
(NHL & MLB) 
■ 
Start-Up Ventures 
■ 
Real Estate Mgt and 
Development 
■ 
Portfolio Mgt & Oversight 
■ 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
■ 
• 
Human Resources Mgt 
Reporting and Technology 
Oversight 
External Vendor & Advisor 
Coordination 
Cost & Risk Management 
Oversight 
Family 
Office 
Industry 
Leader 
The Family Office of Raymond G. Chambers 
Kotumba Capital Management, LLC - Morristown, N.J. & New York, N.Y. 
(Formerly, Van Beuren Management, Inc.) 
A full service single family office that provides accounting, tax, financial and investment reporting, trust administration, 
portfolio management, private equity oversight, facilities management, insurance and concierge services to a multi-
generational family. 
The MCJ Amelior Foundation - Morristown, N.J. & New York, N.Y. 
A family foundation focused on the arts, educational development of children and urban development in Newark, N.J. The 
foundation's global Initiatives support the United Nations' health and education millennium goals through a United Nations 
special envoy team that seeks to eradicate Malaria. 
Strategic Financial Advisor 
Senior Financial Officer 
CFO 8 COO Duties and Responsibilities-
2010 - Present 
2010 - 2012 
Reporting responsibility to family CEO. Managed day-to-day financial operations of full service single family office, while 
supervising a staff of professionals and a team of Independent consultants In matters including accounting, tax compliance, 
financial and investment reporting, trust administration, multi-generational estate planning, foundation planning, portfolio 
management, private equity oversight, real estate management and development, insurance and concierge services to a 
multi-generational family. Fostered an environment of team support, cooperation, mutual respect, and commitment to 
excellent client services while providing coaching and mentoring to professional staff through an open and honest 
communication platform. Responsible for promoting a highly ethical and professional family office environment through 
effective communication and adherence to privacy and confidentiality agreements. 
EFTA01137128
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 2 of 3 
John M. Castrucci, CPA 
Harris myCFO - Fort Lee, N.J., New York, N.Y., & Manta, Ga. 
2008 -2010 
A full service investment oriented multi-family office provider. Hams myCFO is an affiliate of BMO Hanis Bank N.A., wealth 
managements division, a member of BMO Financial Group, one of the largest diversified financial service providers in 
North America. 
Regional Director of Client Services — Outsourced Family CFO 
Managed client relationships and engagements. Responsible for the preparation and delivery of comprehensive family office 
financial solutions in the areas of expense management and financial reporting, tax compliance and planning, investment 
management, trust, estate and philanthropic planning, and insurance/risk management services. Provided leadership for the line of 
business development, technical resources, client administration and staff mentoring. Analyzed estate tax risks in family limited 
partnerships. Guided families on leadership succession, governance and comprehensive multi-generational planning. Responsible 
for creating the standard operating procedures for the unexpected death of a founder, the *estate fire drill.* 
Awards and Recognition 
• 
Speaker at the 2006 MarHedge Investment Conference. 
• 
Participated in the team effort to enhance the Harris myCFO platform that lead to a nomination from Private Asset 
Managements Family Office Platform of the Year - 2007. 
• 
Awarded the Harris Bank Select Top Performer - 2008. 
• 
Awarded the Harris Bank WOW. Winning Our Way Top Performer - 2010. 
A (1/4 
r )1,  ,, ,e,tind
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. - Summit, N.J., Greenwich. Ct. & Philadelphia, Pa. N• V 
J
oid( 
cr 
1996 -2006 
Y 
(Legacy, Wachovia Bank, NA) 
A multi-national diversified financial services company. Wells Fargo is the fourth largest bank in the U.S. by assets and the 
largest bank by market capitalization. 
SVP. Regional Managing Director - Wealth Management Group —
Financial Planning Division - Atlantic (N.Y., N.J., Ct. & Mass.) & Mid-Atlantic (Penn. & Del.) Regions 
Financial Planning Services: Client base included individuals with net worth in excess of $50 million and/or with complex 
multi-generational wealth transfer needs, including tax matters, investment planning, estate planning, risk management, 
retirement, stock options, and business succession planning. Analyzed current financial information including cash flow data, 
balance sheet, retirement, insurance, investment, and estate planning data. Conducted technical research of client issues. 
Prepared and reviewed federal and state income tax projections and returns for individuals, S-corporations, LLC's 
partnerships, and trusts for FPG clients. Presented financial analyses, observations, and recommendations to FPG clients. In 
addition to hands on preparation was also responsible for ensuring quality of the group's financial planning product by 
reviewing work prepared by other planners and analysts prior to client presentation. 
Leadership: Managed everyday office matters including team meetings, professional training programs and effective 
coaching/mentoring activities, and performance management. Responsibilities included formulating the annual budget, 
setting revenue goals and expense constraints, and allocating budget to assigned market teams within the region. 
Responsible for the oversight of a team of thirty independent advisors and business development professionals. 
Business Development: Responsible for obtaining new clients and engagements through the development of strong 
internal and external partnerships. Developed and Implemented a strategic marketing plan for assigned territories. 
Interfaced with internal partners (Wealth Management Group, Capital Markets Group, Commercial Banking Group) and 
external contacts for developing Financial Planning Group (FPG) practice. 
Awards and Recognition 
• 
Wealth Management Group's President Club Top Producer Award - 1998. 
• 
Wealth Management Group's Presidents Circle Award - 2002 to 2005. 
• 
Wachovla Bank's Trusted Advisor designee featured in the 2003 Annual Report. 
EFTA01137129
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 3 of 3 
John M. Castrucci, CPA 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP - New York, N.Y. 
(Legacy, Coopers & Lybrand, LLP) 
A global professional services firm, providing tax, consulting and audit services to individuals and companies. 
Tax Manager- Personal Financial services Group - 
1986 -1996 
Provided tax and comprehensive financial planning services to high net-worth individuals and families including senior 
corporate executives. Responsibilities included, comprehensive tax preparation and filings, IRS and multi-state practice and 
procedural planning, cash flow and debt management, executive compensation planning, Investment planning, college 
education funding, risk management and insurance planning, trust and estate planning and retirement planning. Provided 
domicile planning and represented clients in multi-state domicile Income and sales tax audits. Member of the tax technology 
and financial planning task force responsible for developing the investment advisory services platform for the company. 
Pace University, Pleasantville, N.Y. 
Bachelor of Business Administration-1986 
Major: Public Accounting 
EDUCATION 
Fordham University, New York, N.Y. 
Mastor of Science in Taxation Program-1996 
Non-Matriculated Tax Courses 
LICENSES & DESIGNATIONS 
■ 
Cenified Pubic Accountant, New York, 1990 
Professional Associations and Development 
AFFILIATIONS 
• 
American Institute of CPAs (AICPA) — Tax & Financial Planning Member 
• 
New York State Society of CPA's (NYSSCPA) — Executive Committee Member-Family Office Association 
• 
Family Office Exchange (FOX) Member 
• 
Family Office Association (FOA) Summit Conference Attendee 
• 
IPI/Campden North American Family Office Conference Attendee 
• 
Columbia University Graduate Business School - Family Office Council 
• 
Princeton University Business School - Family Office Council 
• 
Private Investor Family Office Lobbying Coalition Member (PIC) 
Community Organizations 
• 
University of Michigan Library Contributor 
• 
Council of Trustees, New Jersey Performing Arts Center (NJPAC) 
• 
Executive Board Member, Ironbound Film & Television Studio 
• 
Board of Trustees, The Maritime Aquarium in Norwalk, Ct. 
• 
Council for Need Based Financial Aid Development - Gill St. Bernard's School 
EFTA01137130

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137131.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137131.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: taxes 
Date: Fri, 08 Mar 2013 21:21:46 +0000 
Attachments: img-308161108-0001.pdf 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM [mailto: 
Sent: Friday, March 08, 2013 4:11 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 1 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com/ 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01137131

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137132.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137132.pdf
----------------------------------------
INCOME/TAX REVIEW 
2006 
2007 
2008E 
Ordinary Inc(Apollo) 
$ 66,686,429 
$37,478,364 
$68,830,274 
LTCG(Apollo) 
84.826.130 
77,652,642 
92,554.800 
$151,512,559 
$115,131,006 
$161,385,074 
Strategic sale 
$ 83,924,794 
460,209.338 
$544,137,332 
Total Apollo income 
$151,512,559 
$659,268,338 
$161,385,074E 
NonApollo all other inc 
20,326,490 
48.087,662 
15,614.926E 
Total Income 
$171,839,049 
$707,356,000 
$177,000,000E 
Income Taxes paid 
$ 54,024,073 
$189,921,617 
$54,858,984 
31% 
27% 
31% 
Sales Tax paid 
$8,207,000 
$1,398,904 
Gift Taxes paid 
$ 330,000 
$ 390,000 
Mgmt Income 
$ 49,882,376 
$ 35,610,913 
$ 36,698,299 
EFTA01137132

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137133.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137133.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: taxes 
Date: Fri, 08 Mar 2013 21:27:02 +0000 
Attachments: img-308161333-0001.pdf 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM [mailto: 
Sent: Friday, March 08, 2013 4:14 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 1 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com/ 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01137133

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137134.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137134.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: JE Jail <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 08 Mar 2013 22:06:27 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2013-03-08_at_5.03.47_PM.png 
Drako Pietsch 
There is a lot of things being said about you in all of the pilot 
forums. 
That you fly N909JE and you were part of Jeffs group of girls that 
helped cover up some pretty horrible things. 
Is that true? I hope not I loved reading your pages!! 
EFTA01137134

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137135.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137135.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
lane-Images: 
'Martin Weinberg" •MINIM> 
'Jeffery Edwards" lccvacation@gmail.com> 
ATTORNEY-CLIENT PRIVILEGE 
Fri, 08 Mar 2013 23:35:42 +0000 
unnamed; unnamed( I); unnamcd(2); unnamcd(3); unnamcd(4); unnamcd(5); unnamed( 
unnamcd(I1); unnamcd(12); unnamcd(13); unnamcd(14); unnamed( IS); unnamal(16); 
unnamcd(21); unnamcd(22); unnamcd(23); unnamcd(24); unnamcd(25); unnamcd(26): 
unnamcd(31); unnamcd(32); unnamcd(33); unnamcd(34); unnamcd(35); unnamcd(36): 
unnamcd(41): unnamcd(42) 
unnamcd(43): unnamcd(44); unnamcd(45); unnamcd(46); unnamcd(47); unnamcd(48): 
unnamcd(53): unnamcd(54); unnamcd(55); unnamcd(56); unnamcd(57); unnamcd(58): 
unnamcd(63): unnamcd(64) 
6): unnamcd(7); unnamcd(8); unnamcd(9); unnamcd(10); 
unnamed( 17); unnamed( 18); unnamed( 19); unnamcd(20); 
unnamcd(27); unnamcd(28); unnamcd(29); unnamcd(30); 
unnamcd(37); unnamcd(38); unnamcd(39); unnamcd(40); 
unnamcd(49); unnamcd(50); unnamcd(51); unnamcd(52); 
unnamcd(59); unnamcd(60); unnamcd(61); unnamcd(62); 
Martin G. Weinberg 
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, PC 
Park Plaza, Suite 1000 
Boston. MA 02116 
(FAX) 
••r•-•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••F••••r•-•••F•••••••••••••••••••••• 
This Electronic Message contains information from the Law Office of Martin G. Weinberg, P.C., 
and may be privileged. The information is intended for the use of the addressee only. If you are 
not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
of this message is prohibited. 
Caprti0ne Ci•• 
at Acts 
`j
• 
A 
National 
mistimes 
THE EAST 
• 
ARTS 
nit :Neuf jjovic Oates 
ic ',di Di 
RN 
I RI .I. 
(' 
••••.•••.•-••.•-••••••••r•-••••••••r•-•••r•-•••• 
l et 
16:•••••.rImiala 
EFTA01137135
--- PAGE 2 ---
[Gel 
• Subscribe: 12igiial 111221212th= 
• Log In 
• Register Now 
• lirJR 
• Home Page 
• Today's Paper 
• Yid= 
• Most Popular 
Edition: US, / Global 
Click 
""" 
Search All NYTimcs.com 
.
22IYodaimos 
U.S. 
• 1Yodii 
• us 
O Politics 
o Fduratinn
O Toms 
• N.Y.! 
ti 
• Business 
• Technologzi
• Science 
• Health 
• Sp= 
• Opinion 
• Arts 
• brie 
• Toad 
• Jobs 
• Real Estate 
• Autos
Anger and Kudos as Florida Governor Tacks Left 
(v)....i.•• on HYTrna... nem 
EFTA01137136
--- PAGE 3 ---
ev I  urns al %ARr7 
Milt. 
Minh 20I3 
MIAMI —A few days after Gov. FicaSgati of Florida endorsed a Mediraid evansjp0 a U-turn so sharply executed that it flabbergasted his supporters, the head of a local lea 
Party, group typed up a "breakup note." 
Enlarge This Image 
Lir 
PIM S••••/Auseburd Pro. 
Gov. Rick Scott before speaking at the State Capitol on Tuesday. 
Related 
• 1nR.,,wu2.,Wim flax Match 1..••••• %dicta 
pion“a tranum• 21, NM 
c2Nationa 
I Twitter 
Logo. 
Connect With Us on Twitter 
Follow (a:NYTNational for breaking news and headlines. 
Twitter List: Reporters and Editors 
"I'm trying to determine how the Medicaid expansion is going to pay for the surgery to remove the knife planted in my back," Henry Kelley. the Tea Party leader and an early 
supporter of Mr. Scott, wrote on his blog. 
"This was his issue, his singular core issue," Mr. Kelley said later in an interview. "This is why we rallied around him." 
Mr. Scott, 60, a former health care executive who won the governorship by calling for deep budget cuts and fiercely criticizing President Obama's health care bill, has, in his 
third year in office, marched toward the political center, a necessity in this diverse swing state. 
Facing stubbornly low approval ratings, Mr. Scott has crisscrossed the state advertising his enthusiasm for education, state workers, highways, commuter rails, early voting, the 
disabled, environmental protection and jobs. With Florida's economy slowly burbling to life and a tiny budget surplus. the governor's proposed budget of $74.2 billion is one of 
the largest in Florida history and includes a $2,500 across-the-board pay increase for teachers. 
Along the way, Mr. Scott has danced in a musk class, hugged teachers, quipped about his bald head and sprinkled cartoon-size checks around the state like a reborn Ebenezer 
Scrooge. 
Democrats are as puzzled as Republicans. "Medicaid expansion, Obamacare, teacher bonuses — who is this guy?" Chris Smith. the State Senate minority leader, asked on 
Twitter. 
In a recent interview at Wynncbrook Elementary School in West Palm Beach, Mr. Scott, wearing black cowboy boots emblazoned with an alligator and Florida flags. defended 
his new pragmatism, saying re-election concerns played no role in them. He did not change, he said, so much as Florida's economy and deficit changed. freeing him to spend 
some money. 
He points to the state's 7.9 percent unemployment rate, the lowest in four years. and the 200.000 new jobs in the state. "If you look, I have been extremely consistent," he said. 
"It's what I talked about when I ran: jobs. education and cost of living." 
And Medicaid? Mr. Scott said he decided to support the expansion for three years. but only after the federal government assured Florida a waiver to begin a managed-care style 
approach to the program. 
He still disagrees with the health care law but recognizes that "the Supreme Court upheld the law and the president got rc-elected. Because of that you have to say, what's in 
the best interest of my citizens?" said Mr. Scott, who also was lobbied heavily by the health care industry. "I represent 19.2 million Floridians. I have to make the best decisions 
I can for thcm.-
Other groups are pleased as well. Environmentalists, who once pilloried him for slashing state regulatory agencies, now have a scat at his table. In fact, they arc consulted 
regularly. 
"I think the governor has a turned a corner," said Eric Draper, the executive director of the Florida Audubon Society and a leading environmental advocate in the state. "He 
recognized how important this is to Floridians." 
Tea Party members, on the other hand, can no longer get the governor's office on the phone. "Nobody in his leadership circle is even contacting us.- said Mr. Kelley. the head 
of the Fort Walton Beach Tca Party. "We arc not being asked our opinion." 
EFTA01137137
--- PAGE 4 ---
Many Republicans, including members of Mr. Scott's cabinet, arc apoplectic over his support for the Medicaid expansion. A special committee looking at the issue in the State 
House voted to reject it. The State Senate is still studying the issue, but the House committee vote may have killed it. 
Mr. Scott's reversal has set off rumbling about a possible primary challenge in 2014. But many state Republican leaders say a contested primary would be counterproductive. 
given that former Gov. Charlie Crist, a Republican turned Democrat, is considering another run. 
"There is not going to be a primary challenge to the governor," said State Senator John Thrasher. "He is strong. He is well-funded." 
AI Cardenas, the chairman of the American Conservative Union, said he was "concerned" but not "alarmed" about Mr. Scott's Medicaid decision. And at this point, he said. 
there was not much "appetite- among donors for a primary challenge. 
Mr. Scott does have Republican supporters who say that after a slow start, he is finding his way. 
-This governor is doing what a good business leader does, which is lash his policies to the new realities," said Don Goetz, the Republican president of the State Senate. Mr. 
Scott, he said, referring to cutting the deficit, administered "tough medicine- in tough times and now "wants to reward them when times arc better" 
In his first year in office, Mr. Scott chose to introduce his budget in a rural town surrounded by Tea Party supporters. 
That year, he sought $4.6 billion in budget cuts, including steep drops in education, while pushing for large corporate tax breaks (both were tempered by the Legislature). He 
successfully pushed for measures that linked teacher pay to merit, shrank unemployment benefits and required state workers to contribute 3 percent to their retirement. He laid 
off thousands of workers and returned $2.4 billion in federal dollars that would have financed a lughati rail line. 
His policies led to a tangle of expensive legal challenges. And polls found that he had turned off an overwhelming number of voters. 
Mr. Scott is still trying to undo that first impression. 
"If he is going to get re-elected, he needs to rebrand, reboot and repackage," said Ana Navarro. a Republican political strategist in Florida. 
One on one, Mr. Scott is the opposite of his confounding public persona. Even his detractors call him a nice guy. Genial, down to earth and genuinely curious, the governor can 
disarm with a quip or a goofy grin. 
"He's the kind of guy I would like to have as a neighbor," Mr. Goetz said. "If he borrowed a lawn mower and returned it, it would be full of gas and working properly." 
Florida has a high number of uninsured residents, a situation that Mr. Scott said he understood. His family was poor enough that his mother, Esther, considered putting him up 
for adoption. 
His family, living in Missouri, had no ft.c-dth insurance, and his mother struggled to pay medical bills for his father's heart ailment and his brother's hip disease. "I know what 
my mom went through," Mr. Scott said. "She was scared to death." 
Her sudden death last year badly shook the governor, and he said she played a role in his Medicaid decision. 
Some Democrats welcome his "epiphanies." as they call it. "The fact that he is recognizing the value of public education and helping our teachers is a good thing,- said Perry 
Thurston, the Democratic leader in the State House. 
Over all, though, "I am not impressed," Mr. Thurston said. For starters, he said, schools need more money. 
For Mr. Scott, the bigger concern may be the disillusionment of conservatives. 
-They have made a calculation that people like me have no place else to go," Mr. Kelley said, referring to the expectation that the Tca Party would vote Republican regardless. 
But, Mr. Kelley said, they arc wrong. Tea Party supporters can simply choose not to vote. He said, "It's called an under-vote." 
Christine Jordan Sexton contributed reporting from Tallahassee. Ha. 
A walla or Ole ankle appeared Is pew 
l 
 2013. ea poked' el Ike New Yr% rehilon min the headline Avant and Kaden as FlorldaCenernor Tacks Left. 
(je Try unlimited access to NYTimcs.com for just 99t. SEE OPTIONS » 
Get Free &•mail Alerts oo These Topics 
Florida 
Scott Richard L 
Budgets and Budgeting Medicaid 
Mined* a‘ NYtmektorn 
EFTA01137138
--- PAGE 5 ---
"American Idol" fans can now 
tweet their views 
ALSO IN LOTS • 
• IMMtLailL issatzeiskeksocesmegi_seasco 
• MacoofumarsabsauunnisloCatailling 
Dear 
CYntlimes.com 
10,a 
Inside NYT1mes.com 
(Mann 
kat 
c bffi6 Hours in San 
Miguel de Allende, 
Mexico 
noun An San Mani* 
Allinde,Mnit* 
2•Ann; With 
Holland Taylor 
'Ann 'Man Selland Calor 
• ft3 201'4 The New York Time% Company
• $112.611R 
• Privacy 
• Your Ad Choires 
• ifidiallie 
• Terms of Sale 
• Term of Seri:ire 
• Wont With I lc 
• &SS 
• Help
• Contact I k 
• Sitalradhask 
and.. 
Op-Ed: moan 
spasm 
Our 
IML 
Tewnies: 
c bj'ope Wanted. Must Wait- 
cilMovic Review: 602 20p-Ed: It's About 
Ad & altilt9 
at 
Siring 
Possess Magnetic 
and- 
the Great and 
the Work, Not the 
Sactu 
masa - 
manna= ”I 
Sane 
a 
Charm. 
See 
Powerful' 
Office 
Culture 
1112bil
itu 
usinihugui
llutha 
" HILO  r:ge ll l 
Davila Wiwi Axma 11A 
NlanmAn
The new 
LIIIAMILdLUsa 
a wes tali 
a s
 The only 
"follow-
up 
ate 
tnituacti" 
thakast,s
gns 
Emit 
si 
way to 
al 
5n au 
survive in 
culnire 
the confines 
in 
Mork Ream- 102 La Cm= 
fAAEth ICA:Stow the wart. All 
and Pamitar 
ilmilfflce 
of New 
medicine: 
wait six 
York: 
months 
compromise. 
and see. 
12alalaas 
Amp Sancti Mat Nall 
%lama C barn 
EFTA01137139

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137140.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
Office of Justice Programs 
Office of Sex Offender Sentencing Monitoring, Apprehending, Registering, and Tracking (SMART) 
Sex Offender Registration 
and Notification 
in the United States: 
Current Case Law and Issues 
July 2012 
EFTA01137140
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
I. 
Overview of US Sex Offender Registration' 
Sex offender registration and notification systems have been established within the 
United States in a variety of ways. There are a number of resources which are referred to, 
loosely, as "sex offender registries." For the purposes of clarification, we start this 
summary with an outline of those systems. 
A. Registration is a Local Activity 
In the United States, sex offender registration is conducted at the local level and the 
federal government does not have a system for registering sex offenders. Generally 
speaking, sex offenders in the United States2 are required to register with law 
enforcement of any state, locality, territory, or tribe within which they reside, work, and 
attend school. 
Each State has its own distinct sex offender registration and notification system. The 
District of Columbia and the five principal U.S. territories each have their own systems, 
as well, and an increasing number of federally-recognized Indian Tribes have their own 
sex offender registration and notification systems as well.; Every one of these systems 
has its own nuances and distinct features. Every jurisdiction (meaning each State, 
Territory, or Tribe) makes its own determinations about who will be required to register, 
what information those offenders must provide, which offenders will be posted on the 
jurisdiction's public registry website, and so forth. 
Even though sex offender registration is not directly administered by the federal 
government, the federal government is involved in sex offender registration and 
notification in a number of meaningful ways. 
B. Federal Minimum Standards 
Over the last two decades Congress has enacted various measures setting 
"minimum standards" for jurisdictions to implement in their sex offender registration or 
notification systems. The first of these was passed in 1994 and is commonly referred to 
as the "Wetterling Act." This Act established a set of minimum standards for registration 
systems for the States.4 Two years later, in 1996, "Megan's Law" was passed as a set of 
minimum standards for community notification! The most recent set of standards can be 
found in the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), which was 
passed in 2006.6 SORNA currently governs the federal minimum standards for sex 
offender registration and notification systems. 
If a State, Tribe, or Territory chooses to refrain from substantially implementing 
SORNA's standards, the jurisdiction risks losing 10 percent of its Edward R. Byrne 
Justice Assistance Grant (Byrne JAG) funds! To date, 15 States, 2 Territories, and 27 
federally-recognized Indian Tribes have substantially implemented SORNA.8 
It is 
important to note that there are still variations in the registration and notification laws 
Page 1 of 16 
EFTA01137141
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
among jurisdictions that have substantially implemented SORNA. Practitioners are 
advised to become familiar with the specific registration and notification systems in any 
and all jurisdictions within which they will be working. 
C. National Sex Offender Public Website 
The 
National 
Sex 
Offender 
Public 
Website 
(NSOPW), 
located 
at 
www.nsopw.gov, was administratively created by the U.S. Department of Justice in 2005 
and is administered by the Office of Sex Offender Sentencing, Monitoring, 
Apprehending, Registering and Tracking (SMART), NSOPW works much like a search 
engine: jurisdictions that have their own public sex offender registry websites connect to 
NSOPW by way of a web service or automated upload to enable NSOPW to conduct 
queries against the jurisdictions' websites. Only information that is publicly disclosed on 
a jurisdiction's own public sex offender registry website will be displayed in NSOPW's 
search results, and only the jurisdiction's registry website page will be displayed on the 
results page of NSOPW. The Department of Justice does not administer any of the 
registration information that is searched whenever a query is made through NSOPW, and 
only ensures that the information that is available on jurisdictional websites can be 
queried through NS0PW.10
The National Sex Offender Public Website 
www.nsopw.gov 
a
a 
irfJ;i
sir
ci
'SCI 
.a 
DRII SIODIN NATIONAI SIX OFFINDFII PURI IC WEBSITE 
Home 
Seacco 
Aboa tiSOPW 
lAO, 
Pufaic NeetacV S. 
Welcome to the Dru SJodin National Sex Offender Public Website (NSOPW) 
OODONS 
... 
Search Ice Sex CelenSers 
o,
. 
Sw +5...i.e....en ....t.”. de 
ObglINSOPW 
FA.Os 
fro tn,xe, 5, 
nw+to.enty *me* 4a.eucna reserogg 
%SOGY. 
Pubic Registry Sees 
• 
Koss no 3•O‘C "Wry ,..et Ulf rne 9..30<MMTN 
.4f.a.. 
 Ecticeton I [Yenned. 
ve.. r.....e. ea teat, 'win II Mt seem $.4:. 
..s....:ge• 
catp.e, nett. Tenbr.r. linl 0.1.0 yet es.. Wens 
The Cxv Stodn tlatcnal Sex Oten:of Diablo Wobsdo tliSCPW: coordthatir.: 
the V $ Department cDfultKe ni a COOperatr4 efGrt t*hsasn unlidcbCen 
nasbng p.tic sex ofendef negnenn (Ju-ndcbonsi and the Weal goan• 
and 
ofeted lee of thuge to the public This, Junsdclette ncluit 0 50 
stXes U S 1 yards the Onthci of Columba and palcipabng Inbas ho 
Webute pro,des In ad.aroed scarce tool Mal *lam a us*. to &bed a sr.; • 
natonYcvery to ottan orforrnalcn above on albedo, a Wahl el Ntlic 
regetr, Web net tq stale homer/ and tota and rKOrmabr on dent at.. • - 
ed.cabr. and PO4.71.co 
Tv (Men/ kf terchog re Inited to Heal each (704.0.41:VOS$C1Pin 
VOA* 
tsca.se rforingen se mated by each Junsdctt,t and rIX b, 
federal gee nment search resJts eho.id be ',soled by the not en the 
June:wow xhere the ntonmton n rooted Ut.tri No vaned to -.tot the 
co, elsoningJuneacticn `Nebel!, Iv MP* .nbwobon ncit 9thdanCe 8,
appc4nXe 
NON Mad I adian Services I Mean Polo I Legal Poles. and Onclinnors 
Li.S.DonerunerdotJunca I Oat. of Justice. PrnaraMS. I WART Dace 
English I Espanol 
Page 2 of 16 
EFTA01137142
--- PAGE 4 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
D. Federal Law Enforcement Databases 
Federal law enforcement databases are utilized by law enforcement across the country 
to access accurate information about registered sex offenders. Registering agencies and 
other units of state and local law enforcement submit the information necessary to 
populate these databases: I I
1. National Sex Offender Registry: The National Sex Offender Registry 
(NSOR) is a law-enforcement only database that is a file of the 
National Crime Information Center (NCIC) database managed by the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation Criminal Justice Information Services 
(CJIS) division. It was created in the late 1990s to store data on every 
registered sex offender in the United States, and to provide law 
enforcement access to that data nationwide.12
2. IAFIS: 
The Integrated Automated Fingerprint 
Identification 
System (IAFIS) is a national fingerprint database housed with the FBI. 
IAFIS records are linked to the offender's corresponding NSOR record 
at CJIS; approximately 95% of the records in NSOR have a 
corresponding fingerprint in IAFIS.13
3. NPPS: 
The National Palm Print System (NPPS) is a new database 
for palm prints housed with the FBI. 
4. CODIS: The Combined DNA Index System (CODIS) is the national 
DNA database administered by the FBI. 
SORNA requires that jurisdictions submit registration information about their 
registered sex offenders to NSOR, and to ensure that offenders' fingerprints have been 
submitted to IAFIS, palm prints to NPPS, and DNA to CODIS.14
E. Federal Corrections 
Part of the federal government's involvement with sex offenders who are required to 
register concerns the handling of those offenders as they are housed and subsequently 
discharged from federal correctional institutions. 18 U.S.C. §4042(c) requires that the 
Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) or Federal Probation Officer provide notice to the chief 
law enforcement officer and registration officials of any state, tribe, or local jurisdiction 
whenever a federal prisoner required to register under SORNA is released from 
custody. Is As of early 2012, BOP does not register sex offenders prior to their release 
from incarceration, as registration is primarily a state function. 
The Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) operates a number of Detention Centers.16
However, there are no statutory or administrative requirements for these centers to 
provide notice to local law enforcement when a sex offender is released from custody. In 
Page 3 of 16 
EFTA01137143
--- PAGE 5 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
practice, offenders in BIA facilities generally are not registered prior to their release from 
incarceration. 
F. Federal Law Enforcement and Investigations 
SORNA designated the United States Marshals Service (USMS) as the lead agency in 
investigations of suspected violations of the federal law regarding failure to register as a 
sex offender, which is found at 18 U.S.C. §2250. In order to further their investigative 
capacity, the USMS has established the National Sex Offender Targeting Center 
(NSOTC). 
G. Military Registration 
As previously mentioned, the federal government does not register sex offenders. 
However, certain components of the Department of Defense have started to adopt 
policies and procedures to register and monitor sex offenders who are either active duty 
members, civilian employees, contractors or dependents of active duty members located 
on U.S. military installations at home and abroad.I7 These polices do not yet connect any 
military registration system to the greater network of databases and websites described 
above. 
If a person resides, works, or attends school on a military base, depending on the 
source and manner of the land held by the federal government and housing that base, a 
state might have no jurisdiction at all over matters occurring on the military base. In 
other words, the base may be a "federal enclave" where only federal law applies.18
However, offenders convicted by military tribunals of registerable sex offenses are 
required under SORNA to register with any jurisdiction where they live, work or go to 
school. 
H. Summary 
This hybrid framework of state, territorial, tribal, local, and federal laws and policies 
is the context in which the case law regarding sex offender registration and notification 
has developed. The summary which follows intentionally avoids a discussion of the legal 
issues and case law surrounding prosecutions under 18 U.S.C. §2250, the federal failure 
to register statute. That topic is worthy of its own guide, and is largely beyond the 
intended scope of this handbook. 
IL 
Who is Required to Register? 
Nearly all registration requirements in the United States are triggered by a conviction 
for a criminal offense.19 
Most jurisdictions limit their registration and notification 
systems to persons convicted of sex offenses and non-parental kidnapping of a minor. 
The inclusion of kidnapping offenses is a legacy of the federal standards discussed above; 
they have remained required included offenses since the passage of the first federal 
legislation regarding sex offender registration in 1994. Inclusion of kidnapping offenses 
Page 4 of 16 
EFTA01137144
--- PAGE 6 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
in a jurisdiction's sex offender registry has been largely upheld by the courts.20 Some 
states also include other violent or dangerous offenders in their registration and 
notification system.2I
When jurisdictions specifically outline the offenses that require registration, there is 
little question as to who is required to register. Most jurisdictions, however, also include 
"catch-all" provisions which, in varying forms, generally require any person convicted of 
an offense which is by its nature a sex offense to register as well. 
A more difficult situation arises when a convicted sex offender moves from one 
jurisdiction to another, and the new jurisdiction has to make a determination as to 
whether the person is required to register there. When a person has an out-of-state 
conviction, most jurisdictions require registration for any offense which is `comparable,' 
`similar,' or `substantially similar' to a listed jurisdiction offense.22 However, when a 
state's registration system treats persons convicted of in-state offenses differently from 
those convicted out-of-state, equal protection problems may exist.23
Making the determination as to whether an offense fits under one of these "catch-all" 
or "comparable" provisions has led to a great deal of litigation.24 Some jurisdictions look 
at just the elements of the offense of conviction, while others will also look at the facts 
underlying the conviction.25 Often, courts take an expansive view of which offenses will 
trigger registration requirements; at other times, the approach can be quite narrow.?
Further complications may arise when an offender lives on tribal land but was 
convicted of a state or federal offense. For example, in New Mexico, the State cannot 
impose a duty to register on enrolled tribal members living on tribal land who have been 
convicted of federal sex offenses.27 At the same time, in neighboring Arizona, persons 
living in Indian Country are required to keep their registration current with both the state 
and the tribe.?
Federal courts have interpreted SORNA as directly imposing a duty on a person to 
attempt to register if they meet the definition of "sex offender" under SORNA.29
SORNA's standards call for jurisdictions to register all persons who have been convicted 
of a tribal, territory, military, federal, or state sex offense.3° In addition, certain foreign 
sex offense convictions will also trigger a registration requirement under SORNA.31
Generally speaking, however, a jurisdiction will not register an offender unless that 
jurisdiction's lairs require that the offender be registered.3
III. 
Registration of Juvenile Offenders 
State juvenile justice systems within the United States have handled juvenile sex 
offender registration in different ways. For example, in the years prior to SORNA, many 
jurisdictions chose to require certain juveniles adjudicated delinquent of sex offenses to 
register as sex offenders, while others did not. SORNA's minimum standards, however, 
do require registration for certain juvenile offenders adjudicated delinquent of serious sex 
offenses.33
Page 5 of 16 
EFTA01137145
--- PAGE 7 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
Despite SORNA's requirement that juveniles adjudicated delinquent of certain 
offenses register for SORNA, as with all sex offender registration requirements, the 
implementation of this provision varies across jurisdictions. Some jurisdictions do not 
register any juveniles at all; some limit the ages of the offenders who might be registered; 
some limit the offenses for which they might be registered; and others limit the duration, 
frequency, or public availability of registration information.34 Some jurisdictions have 
mandatory registration provisions for certain juveniles, some are discretionary, and some 
have a hybrid approach.35
As with adult registration requirements, registration requirements for juveniles are 
generally triggered by the equivalent of a conviction of a sex offense in juvenile court, 
which is typically referred to as an "adjudication of delinquency." Most jurisdictions 
mandate registration for juveniles transferred and convicted for sex offenses in adult 
court. 
Because of the varying nature of juvenile justice systems across jurisdictions, 
problems often arise when a juvenile is adjudicated delinquent in one jurisdiction and 
then moves to another.36 
Many of those issues mimic the issues discussed above 
regarding adult offenders. 
Nevertheless, there are some issues unique to juvenile court cases. 
When a 
jurisdiction requires that juveniles be subject to registration requirements more onerous 
than those imposed on adults convicted of the same offense, equal protection issues 
exist.37 
In one state, the automatic lifetime registration requirement as applied to 
adjudicated juveniles was held to violate due process and the prohibition against cruel 
and unusual punishment.38 When a juvenile court judge refuses to order a juvenile to 
register, as required by statute, a writ of mandamus may be successfully pursued by the 
State.39 In 2010 the U.S. Supreme Court granted certiorari in the case of U.S. v. Juvenile 
Male, a case where the Ninth Circuit had held that the juvenile registration provisions of 
SORNA were unconstitutional when applied retroactively.40 In its decision, however, the 
Supreme Court did not in any way address the question of the constitutionality of the 
retroactive application of SORNA's requirement that certain adjudicated juveniles 
register as sex offenders.41
IV. 
Retroactive Application & Ex Post Facto Considerations 
One of the first issues to be litigated as sex offender registration systems were 
established across the country was whether or not an offender who had been convicted 
prior to the passage of the laws requiring registration could be required to register.42
Numerous challenges to the retroactive application of registration laws were heard 
throughout the 1990s and 2000s. 
In 2003, the United States Supreme Court seemingly settled the issue in the case of 
Smith v. Doe, a challenge from a sex offender in the State of Alaska who argued that the 
imposition of registration requirements on him violated the ex post facto clause of the 
Page 6 of 16 
EFTA01137146
--- PAGE 8 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
Constitution.43 The Court held that registration and notification—under the specific facts 
of that case—were not punitive, and could, therefore, be retroactively imposed as 
regulatory actions.44
While the issue was settled for a time, litigation has since ensued based on the 
increased stringency of sex offender registration and notification requirements in some 
jurisdictions since the Doe decision.'" 
There have been four State Supreme Courts in recent years that have held that the 
retroactive application of their sex offender registration and notification laws violate their 
respective State Constitutions.46 On the other hand, many state courts have stood by the 
reasoning of the Doe case in continuing to affirm the retroactive application of their own 
registration laws.47
For example, in one case, a federal court enjoined the enactment of a state's SORNA-
implementing legislation based on ex post facto concerns brought forward by the 
ACLU,48 although that injunction has since been lifted.49 On the other hand, some 
offenders have been able to be removed from the registry when the statute is changed in a 
way which inures to their benefit,S° and another court has held that increasing the 
penalties for a failure to register does not violate the ex post facto clause.51 In addition, 
one state requires a due process hearing before any offender is ordered to comply with its 
full registration requirements, including those convicted prior to the registration statute's 
effective date.52
V. 
Other Constitutional Issues 
As previously mentioned, nearly all persons required to register as sex offenders must 
do so because they have been convicted of a criminal offense. Accordingly, by the time a 
person is actually required to register, a number of constitutional protections have already 
been afforded—namely, those which inure to a defendant throughout the course of a 
criminal trial and sentencing. 
Even after those initial protections, however, offenders often raise constitutional 
concerns that lead to litigation. In prosecutions for state-level failure to register cases or 
civil challenges to registration requirements, offenders have launched unsuccessful 
challenges based on the following arguments: double jeopardy,53 procedural due 
process,54 substantive due process,55 equal protection,5
ineffective assistance of 
counse1,57 the Sixth Amendment right to a trial by jury,58 cruel and unusual 
punishment,59 full faith & credit,6° the supremacy clause,6 and separation of powers.62
Recently, however, in Bond v. U.S.,63 the Supreme Court has granted standing to sex 
offenders to challenge SORNA on 10th Amendment grounds, where previously they had 
no standing to do so.64
Although the vast majority of constitutional challenges to sex offender registration 
and notification requirements have been unsuccessful, there have been some notable 
Page 7 of 16 
EFTA01137147
--- PAGE 9 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
decisions based on constitutional grounds. Examples include opinions issued by state or 
federal courts which have held that SORNA preempts state law to the extent that any 
state constitutional concerns are not implicated;65 the collection of intemet identifiers 
violates the First Amendment;66 being ordered to register as a sex offender triggers the 
protections of procedural due process;67 publishing information about an offender's 
"primary and secondary targets" violates due process;68 being ordered to register as a 
parole condition violates due process when the underlying convictions are not sexual in 
nature;69 requiring registration for a conviction for solicitation, and not1rostitution, when 
each offense had the same elements, violates due process;' 
an affirmative 
misrepresentation that an offender would not have to register as a sex offender is 
ineffective assistance of counsel; 71 incorrect advice to an offender regarding whether he 
would be required to register as a sex offender is ineffective assistance of counsel;72 a 
"three-strikes" sentence based on a failure to register offense is cruel and unusual 
punishment;73 mandatory life imprisonment for a second conviction of failure to register 
is cruel and unusual punishment; 14 and requiring an offender to continue to register when 
he had been convicted of having consensual sex with his 14-year old girlfriend (he was 
at the time) and had his case successfully dismissed under a deferred disposition is 
cruel and unusual punishment.75
There are a number of cases recently decided by the U.S. Supreme Court which will 
have a bearing on future litigation in the field of sex offender registration and 
notification. For example, the case of Apprendi v. New Jersey has spawned a number of 
challenges to registration requirements; namely, contending that a jury should be required 
to determine whether an offender should be subject to the additional "punishment" of sex 
offender registration.76 This test as to whether sex offender registration constitutes 
"punishment" is the same as that used to determine whether something is "punitive" for 
purposes of an ex post facto analysis as discussed above. To date, most challenges under 
Apprendi have been unsuccessful.77
Mother Supreme Court case which will impact sex offender registration litigation is 
Padilla v. Kentucky,78 which held that counsel's failure to correctly advise a client that a 
conviction would count as a deportable offense under the Immigration and Naturalization 
Act was deficient assistance under the Sixth Amendment? 
Since the decision in 
Padilla, a number of cases have addressed the issue of whether counsel's failure to advise 
their client that a conviction would result in sex offender registration also runs afoul of 
the Sixth Amendment.80
VI. 
Community Notification 
Every State, Tribe and Territory that registers sex offenders also makes publicly 
available certain information about at least some of their sex offenders. While this 
community notification was originally handled via public meetings, fliers, and newspaper 
announcements, notification has now expanded to include publicly available and 
searchable websites, which are linked together via NSOPW. At least one Canadian 
province also makes information publicly available via a website,81 and other countries 
also have community notification procedures.82
Page 8 of 16 
EFTA01137148
--- PAGE 10 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
VII. 
Failure to Register 
For an offender to have any motivation for compliance with the sex offender 
registration process, there must be an enforcement component. Nearly all jurisdictions 
which require sex offender registration also have a criminal penalty for failure to register. 
Many jurisdictions hold that a failure to register is a "continuing offense," much like 
larceny or escape, such that a person cannot be prosecuted for multiple failures to register 
within a given time frame.83 Many jurisdictions require a mens rea of some sort to be 
proven prior to permitting a person to be convicted of failure to register,84 while others 
hold that it is a strict liability offense.85
All jurisdictions require that some kind of notice be given to a sex offender prior to 
being held criminally liable for a failure to register. That notice can be "imperfect" and 
still be sufficient.86 In other cases, the notice can be constructive, and still valid.87
Generally speaking, the proper venue for a failure to register case is the jurisdiction in 
which the person has failed to comply with his registration requirements. In addition, 
tribal court convictions for a sex offense can form the basis of a failure to register 
conviction.88 However, one state has held that there is no need to prove where an 
offender was during the time that he failed to register.89 The federal failure to register 
statute, 18 U.S.C. §2250, can also be utilized in cases where there has been interstate 
travel. 
VIII. Residency Restrictions 
One of the most debated collateral consequences of a conviction for a sex offense 
occurs when a jurisdiction chooses to impose residency restrictions on registered sex 
offenders, that is, restrictions that prohibit registered sex offenders from residing within a 
certain perimeter of schools, day care centers, parks, and other locations frequented by 
children. These residency restrictions are generally passed and enforced on a local or 
municipal level, although, in some circumstances, a state, tribe, or territory might pass 
such provisions.9° SORNA's minimum standards do not address or require residency 
restrictions in any way. 
In some cases, municipal residency restrictions have been invalidated because they 
were deemed to have been preempted by state law.91 In another case, the residency 
restriction was deemed to be punitive and therefore not retroactively applicable.92 More 
frequently, however, these provisions have been upheld.93
IX. 
Miscellaneous 
One collateral consequence of a lifetime sex offender registration requirement is that 
a person is no longer permitted, pursuant to federal law, to be admitted to any "federally 
assisted housing." 
However, once a person has been admitted to a program such as 
Page 9 of 16 
EFTA01137149
--- PAGE 11 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
Section 8,95 they cannot be thereafter terminated because of a new, or newly-discovered, 
lifetime sex offender registration requirement.96 A person may be prosecuted for perjury 
if they have lied on an application for Section 8 housing about the status of a lifetime 
registered sex offender living in the residence." 
Homeless or transient sex offenders have generated a great deal of litigation as states 
have tried to enforce registration requirements. Many states are rewriting their laws in 
such a way that these offenders are clearly required to register.98 In most cases, an 
offender's homelessness has not prevented a successful prosecution for failure to register, 
although sometimes statutory or evidentiary problems have prevented successful 
prosecution.99 In one case, the Court found that when an offender repeatedly uses a 
"mail drop" address as his legal address, he "resides" at that location for the purposes of a 
prosecution for failure to register as a sex offender.10°
Convictions for a failure to register have spawned deportation proceedings in some 
cases. However, a conviction for a state failure to register offense has been found not to 
be a crime involving "moral turpitude" under the immigration code and, therefore, a 
person is not removable because of that conviction.101
X. 
Conclusion 
The statutes, regulations and laws addressing sex offender registration and 
notification in the United States are varied and complex. While this handbook seeks to 
provide updated and accurate information, practitioners are advised to conduct their own 
research to confirm that they are utilizing the most current information available. 
For any questions about SORNA itself or for more information about any of the 
SMART Office projects described in this resource, please feel free to contact us at 
getsmart@usdoj.gov or visit our website at www.smart.gov.
The Department of Justice makes no claims, promises, or guarantees about the accuracy, 
completeness, or adequacy of the contents of this update, and expressly disclaims liability for errors and 
omissions in the contents of this update. The information appearing in this update is for general 
informational purposes only and is not intended to provide legal advice to any individual or entity. We urge 
you to consult with your own legal advisor before taking any action based on information appearing in this 
update. 
Except for military offenders, addressed in section 1(6). 
Federally-recognized Indian Tribes located in "PL-280" states will typically have their registration 
functions handled by the state within which their lands are located. 42 U.S.C. §16927(a)(2)(A), citing 
Public L. No. 83-280, c. 505, 67 Stat. 588 (1953), codified at 18 U.S.C. §1162 (2006). 
The Jacob Wetterling Crimes Against Children and Sexually Violent Offender Registration Act, 
Public L. No. 103.322, *170101, 108 Stat. 2038 (1994). This was an incentive-based system, where States 
would be penalized (via loss of Federal grant funds) for a failure to implement its terms. The five principal 
U.S. territories (American Samoa, Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, Puerto Rico, 
and the U.S. Virgin Islands) were included under Wetterling's requirements by way of Final Guidelines 
issued in April of 1996. Final Guidelines for the Jacob Wetterling Crimes Against Children and Sexually 
Violent Offender Registration Act, 61 Fed. Reg. 15110 (April 4, 1996). 
Page 10 of 16 
EFTA01137150
--- PAGE 12 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
In the same way that the Wetterling Act's provisions were incentive-based (see supra text 
accompanying note 4), so were the provisions of Megan's Law. 
U.S.C. § 16901 (2006). et seq. All United States Code references are current as of May 2012. 
Two sets of guidelines have been issued to assist in the implementation of SORNA. The National 
Guidelines for Sex Offender Registration and Notification 73 Fed. Reg. 38030 (July 2, 2008) [hereinafter 
Final Guidelines], Supplemental Guidelines for Sex Offender Registration and Notification 76 Fed. Reg. 
1630 (Jan. 11, 2011) [hereinafter Supplemental Guidelines]. 
For any State or Territory, the penalty is contained in 42 U.S.C. § 16925: 
For any fiscal year after the end of the period for implementation, a jurisdiction that fails, 
as determined by the Attorney General, to substantially implement this title shall not 
receive 10 percent of the funds that would otherwise be allocated for that fiscal year to 
the jurisdiction under subpart 1 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe 
Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C.  § 3750 et seq.). 
If the 10 percent penalty is assessed, the jurisdiction can apply for reallocation of those funds to 
use for purposes of implementing SORNA. 
For Tribes that elected to function as registration jurisdictions, the penalty contained in 42 U.S.C. 
§ 16925 may apply, if the tribe qualifies for that funding, which is determined by formula. However, there 
is a separate and significant penalty for noncompliance by tribes contained in 42 U.S.C. § 16927: For 
federally-recognized Indian Tribes that the Attorney General determines have "not substantially 
implemented the requirements of this subtitle and is not likely to become capable of doing so within a 
reasonable amount of time," the statute creates automatic delegation of SORNA functions: 
. .. to another jurisdiction or jurisdictions within which the territory of the tribe is located 
[and requires the tribe] to provide access to its territory and such other cooperation and 
assistance as may be needed to enable such other jurisdiction or jurisdictions to carry out 
and enforce the requirements of [SORNA]. 
The meaning of "provide access" and other issues regarding delegation of registration and 
notification responsibilities under SORNA for federally-recognized Indian Tribes is discussed in 
documents #12 and #13 of the SMART Office's "Topics in SORNA Implementation" series. 
Current as of July 5, 2012. For the current list of implemented jurisdictions, please visit 
httplAvww.smart.govinewsroom jurisdictions sorna.htm. 
The precursor of NSOPW was NSOPR, the National Sex Offender Public Registry, which was the 
official name of the website from the time of its administrative creation in 2005 until the passage of 
SORNA in 2006. Press Release, Dep't of Justice, Office of Justice Programs, Department of Justice 
Activates National Sex 
Offender Public Registry 
Website (July 20, 2005), available at 
httplAvww.amberalert.govinewsroom/pressreleases/ojp 05 0720.htm. 
By July of 2006, all fifty states 
were linked to the Website. Press Release, Dep't of Justice, Office of Justice Programs, All 50 States 
Linked to Department of Justice National Sex Offender Public Registry Web Site (July 3, 2006), available 
at http://wvrw.justice.govIoparpr/2006/July/06 ag 414.html. 
The SMART Office does administer TTSORS (the Tribe and Territory Sex Offender Registry 
System), which is a system developed particularly for federally-recognized Indian Tribes and U.S. 
Territories which had not previously operated a sex offender registration system or website. All of the 
information in TTSORS is supplied and administered by the jurisdictions. The SMART Office, through its 
contractor, administers the network capacity and connectivity of TTSORS to NSOPW. 
For example, a local police department might submit an offender's fingerprints to the FBI at the 
time of arrest. 
See The Pam Lychner Sexual Offender Tracking and Identification Act of 1996, Public L. No. 
104.236, 110 Stat. 3093. 
Conversation with Kimberly Lough, FBI CJIS Division, NCIC Operations and Policy Unit, 2010. 
Page 11 of 16 
EFTA01137151
--- PAGE 13 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
In many cases, an offender will have had their fingerprints, palm prints or DNA submitted prior to 
the registration process, as part of their arrest, sentencing, incarceration, or at some other point in the 
processing of their case. Registration agencies are not required to submit duplicate entries to federal 
databases where a fingerprint, palm print, or DNA record already exists. Final Guidelines, supra note 6, at 
38057. 
U.S.C. 64042(c). The Bureau of Prisons is a Department of Justice subdivision and part of the 
Executive Branch. Federal Probation Officers are governed by the Administrative Office of the United 
States Courts, a Judicial Branch Office. 
BIA is part of the Department of the Interior, in the Executive Branch. See generally Bureau of 
Indian Affairs' Detention Facilities Office of the Inspector General Report N WR-EV-BIA-0005-2010 
("BIA reported that as of September 2009, the detention program consisted of 94 detention facilities: 23 
bureau-operated facilities, 52 tribally-operated facilities under Public Law (P.L.) 93.638 contracts, and 19 
tribally.operated facilities under self-governance compact agreements"). 
See Army Regulation 190-45, §2-7 (2007). 
IR 
"Federal Enclave" is a legal term of art which refers to property that is either in whole or in part 
under the law enforcement jurisdiction of the United States Government. See generally the "Enclave 
Clause," U.S. CONST. Art. I, §8, cl. 17 ("[The Congress shall have Power...] To exercise exclusive 
Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession 
of particular States, and the Acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United 
States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the 
State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other 
needful Buildings"); see also 40 U.S.C. §3112 (2006) (concerning federal jurisdiction). A similar issue 
arises regarding offenders located within National Parks or other federally-held land that holds the status of 
"federal enclave." 
In some jurisdictions, registration is required when a person has been civilly committed, received a 
withheld adjudication, found Not Guilty by Reason of Insanity or incompetent to stand trial, or when 
ordered to register by a probation officer. See Mayo v. People, 181 P.3d 1207 (Colo. Ct. App. 2008) (civil 
commitment triggered requirement to register); Price v. State, 43 So.3d 854 (Fla. Dist. Ct. App. 5th Dist. 
2010) (withheld adjudication); State v. Olsson, 958 N.E.2d 356 (111. App. 201 1) (defendant found 
incompetent to stand trial was required to register); In re Kasckarow, 2011 N.Y. Misc. LEXIS 5074 (Oct. 
25, 2011) (nolo contendere plea and withheld adjudication in Florida registerable in New York); but see 
United States v. Moore, 449 Fed. Appx. 667 (9th Cir. 2011) (probation condition under SORNA requiring 
registration for a tier I offender more than 15 years after the conviction was invalid). In addition, some 
jurisdictions require registration even if an offender has been pardoned of the underlying offense, In re 
Edwards, 720 S.E.2d 462 (S.C. 2011), citing S.C. Code § 23.3-430(F), and in some jurisdictions an 
offender can remain on the public registry website even if that offender no longer has any meaningful ties 
to the jurisdiction, Doe v. O'Donnell, 924 N.Y.S.2d 684 (N.Y. App. Div. 3d Dep't 2011). 
See Rainer v. State, 690 S.E.2d 827 (Ga. 2010) (non-parental false imprisonment is registerable); 
Moffitt v. Commonwealth, 360 S.W.3d 247 (Ky. Ct. App. 2012) (citing the legislative history of the 
Wetterling Act to support registration for kidnapping); People v. Knox, 903 N.E.2d 1149 (N.Y. 2009) (non-
parental kidnapping and unlawful imprisonment is registerable); State v. Smith, 780 N.W.2d 90 (Wisc. 
2010) (non-parental false imprisonment is registerable). 
For example, Montana's Violent Offender registry (http://svcalt.mt.gov/svor/search.asp) is displayed 
together with its sex offender registry information. Cf Mont. Code §46-23-502(13) (definition of "violent 
offense"). 
See Doe v. Board, 925 N.E.2d 533 (Mass. 2010) (Maine conviction for unlawful sexual contact 
registerable in Massachusetts); Skaggs v. Neb. State Patrol, 804 N.W.2d 611 (Neb. 2011) (California 
conviction registerable in Nebraska); Lozada v. South Carolina Law Enforcement Division, 719 S.E.2d 258 
(S.C. 2011) (Pennsylvania conviction for unlawful restraint registerable as kidnapping in South Carolina); 
In re Shaquille O'Neal B., 684 S.E.2d 549 (S.C. 2009) (North Carolina juvenile adjudication for `indecent 
liberties between children' registerable in South Carolina); but see People v. Brooks, 2012 Colo. App. 
LEXIS 456 (March 29, 2012) (Texas conviction not registerable in Colorado); Sharma v. State, 670 S.E.2d 
494 (Ga. App. 2008) (Texas conviction not registerable in Georgia); State v. Frederick, 251 P.3d 48 (Kan. 
2011) (Minnesota adjudication for criminal sexual conduct not registerable in Kansas because it is not a 
"conviction" under Kansas law); State v. Hall, 252 P.3d 770, cert. granted, 2011 N.M. LEXIS 363 (N.M. 
Page 12 of 16 
EFTA01137152
--- PAGE 14 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
2011) (California conviction for "annoying or molesting children" not registerable in New Mexico); Ex 
parte Harbin, 297 S.W.3d 283 (Tex. Crim. App. 2009) (California conviction for "annoying or molesting a 
child" not registerable in Texas); State v. Howe, 212 P.3d 565 (Wash. 2009) (California conviction for 
"lewd acts upon a child" not registerable in Washington); State v. Werneth, 197 P.3d 1195 (Wash. App. 
2008) (Georgia conviction for Child Molestation not registerable in Washington State). 
See Doe v. Pa. Bd. of Prob. & Parole, 513 F.3d 95 (3d Cir. 2008) (Pennsylvania's disparate 
treatment of in-state and out-of-state offenders violated the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th
Amendment). 
See United States v. Dodge, 597 F.3d 1347 (11th Cir. 2010) (I8 USC §1470 registerable under 
SORNA, even though it is not listed); United States v. Byun, 539 F.3d 982 (9th Cir. 2008) (conviction for 
alien smuggling which had underlying facts of sex trafficking properly triggered registration); United States 
v. Hahn, 551 F. 3d 977 (10th Cir. 2008) (probation conditions properly required registration in a fraud case 
when there was a prior state conviction for a sex offense); United States v. Jensen, 278 Fed. Appx. 548 (6th 
Cir. 2008) (Conspiracy to Commit Sexual Abuse is a registerable offense); but see United States v. 
Jimenez, 275 Fed. Appx. 433 (5th Cir. 2008) (where only evidence of sexual misconduct was three 
unsubstantiated police reports, registration requirement was inappropriate); State v. Coman, 273 P.3d 301 
(Kan. 2012) (bestiality is not a registerable offense); State v. Haynes, 760 N.W.2d 283 (Mich. App. 2008) 
(bestiality not registerable). 
s 
See, e.g., Doe v. Sex Offender Registry Bd., 925 N.E.2d 533 (Mass. 2010) (may not consider facts 
underlying the conviction). 
See, e.g., State v. Duran, 967 A.2d 184 (Md. 2009) (highlighting the narrow approach, the Court 
determined that Indecent Exposure was not registerable because the lewdness element of the crime 
incorporated conduct that was not sexual in addition to that which could be sexual). 
State v. Atcitty, 215 P.3d 90 (N.M. 2009). 
United States v. Begay, 622 F.3d 1187 (9th Cir. 2010). 
U.S.C. *16911(1). The bulk of these cases have been appeals of convictions under 18 U.S.C. 
§2250 and interpret the "initial registration" requirement contained in 42 U.S.C. §16913. See Carr v. 
United States, 130 S. Ct. 2229 (2010). 
"Sex Offense" is defined in 42 U.S.C. § 16911(5RA). For guidance on which persons convicted of 
UCMJ offenses are required to register, see United States v. Jones, 383 Fed. Appx. 885 (11th Cir. 2010), 
citing 
Department 
of 
Defense 
Instruction 
1325.7 
(available 
at 
httplAvww.militarylawyers.com/uploads/DoD Updated Sexual Offense Reporting_Requirements.pdf). 
U.S.C. §16911(5XB). 
In other words, there will be situations where SORNA imposes a registration requirement directly 
on an offender, but the jurisdiction where that offender lives, works or attends school refuses to register 
him, because the jurisdiction's laws do not require registration for the offense of conviction. 
SORNA's minimum standards require that jurisdictions register juveniles who were at least 14 
years old at the time of the offense and who have been adjudicated delinquent for committing (or 
attempting or conspiring to commit) a sexual act with another by force, by the threat of serious violence, or 
by rendering unconscious or drugging the victim. "Sexual Act" is defined in 18 U.S.C. §2246. The 
Supplemental Guidelines for Sex Offender Registration and Notification give jurisdictions full discretion 
over whether they will post information about juveniles adjudicated delinquent of sex offenses on their 
public registry website. Supplemental Guidelines, supra note 6 at 1636.37. 
See, e.g., Clark v. State, 957 A.2d 1 (Del. 2008) (lifetime registration requirement for juvenile was 
not contravened by requirement to consider the "best interests of the child" in fashioning a disposition). 
Some states go beyond SORNA's requirements. See, e.g., In re J.L., 800 N.W.2d 720 (S.D. 2011) (14 
year-old boy adjudicated delinquent for consensual sex with his 12 year-old girlfriend was ordered to 
register for life). 
See, e.g., N.V. v. State, 2008 Ark. App. LEXIS 207 (March 5, 2008) (due process hearing required 
F6rior to juvenile being required to register). 
See, e.g., In re Crockett, 159 Cal. App. 4th 751 (Cal. App. 1st Dist. 2008) (juvenile adjudicated 
delinquent of sex offense in Texas was not required to register when he moved to California). 
See In re Z.B., 757 N.W.2d 595 (S.D. 2008) (treating juvenile sex offenders convicted of the same 
crimes as adult sex offenders differently and more harshly than the adult sex offenders served no rational 
purpose and violated the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment); cf. In re C.P.T., 2008 Minn. 
Page 13 of 16 
EFTA01137153
--- PAGE 15 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
App. Unpub. LEXIS 929 (Aug. 5, 2008) (lifetime registration requirement for juveniles does not violate 
due process). 
In re C.P., I31 Ohio St. 3d 513, 2012-Ohio-1446, 967 N.E.2d 729. 
People v. Birkett, 909 N.E.2d 783 (III. 2009). 
eo 
581 F.3d 977 (2009), vacated and remanded, 131 S. Ct. 2860 (2011), appeal dismissed as moot, 
653 F.3d 1081 (9th Cir. 2011). 
In a case decided after the Supreme Court matter, it was held that SORNA's registration 
requirement did not contravene the confidentiality provisions of the Federal Juvenile Delinquency Act, 
which is found at 18 U.S.C. §503. United States v. Juvenile Male, 670 F.3d 999 (9th Cir. 2012). 
J2
SORNA requires that jurisdictions register offenders whose "predicate convictions predate the 
enactment of SORNA or the implementation of SORNA in the jurisdiction" when an offender is: 
(I) incarcerated or under supervision, either for the predicate sex offense or for some other crime; 
(2) already registered or subject to a pre-existing sex offender registration requirement under the 
jurisdiction's law; or 
(3) reenter the jurisdiction's justice system because of a subsequent felony conviction. 
Final Guidelines at 38046; Supplemental Guidelines at 1639. 
Smith v. Doe, 538 U.S. 1009 (2003). 
Id. 
See, e.g., Jensen v. State, 905 N.E.2d 384 (Ind. 2009) (person convicted after the initial passage of 
the law could be required to comply with amended requirements). 
Doe v. State, 189 P.3d 999 (Alaska 2008); Wallace v. State, 905 N.E.2d 371 (Ind. 2009); Maine v. 
Letalien, 985 A.2d 4 (Me. 2009); State v. Williams, 952 N.E.2d 1108 (Ohio 2011). One additional case, 
Doe v. Phillips, 194 S.W.3d 833 (Mo. 2006), has subsequently been rendered moot. See Doe v. Keathley, 
2009 Mo. App. LEXIS 4 (Jan. 6, 2009). 
d7 
See, e.g., State v. Henry, 228 P.3d 900 (Ariz. Ct. App. 2010); Buffington v. State, 2008 Ark 
LEXIS 71 (Jan. 3 I , 2008); Finnicum v. State, 673 S.E.2d 604 (Ga. 2009); State v. Yeoman, 236 P.3d 1265 
(Idaho 2010); People v. Bit-Iced, 909 N.E.2d 783 (III. 2009). 
ACLU v. Masto, 2:08-cv-00822-JCM-PAL (D. Nev., Oct. 7, 2008). 
ACLU v. Masto, 670 F.3d 1046 (9th Cir. 2012). 
so 
State v. Jedlicka, 747 N.W.2d 580 (Minn. App. 2008); see also Flanders v. State, 955 N.E.2d 732 
(Ind. App. 2011). 
sl 
Buck v. Commonwealth, 308 S.W.3d 661 (Ky. 2010). 
See the procedure followed in Massachusetts, where the Sex Offender Registry Board must find 
that the offender poses a danger to the community before requiring registration: 803 CMR 106(B), 
available at http://www.mass.gov/eopssidoes/sorb/sor-regulations.pdf. 
State v. Larson, 2008 Minn. App. Unpub. LEXIS 1525 (Dec. 30, 2008); State v. Sparks, 657 S.E. 
2d 655 (N.C. 2008); State v. Green, 230 P.3d 654 (Wash. App. 2010). 
Men v. Livingston, 607 F.3d 392 (5th Cir. 2010) (defendant had a liberty interest in being free 
from registration requirements where he had not been convicted of a sex offense); State v. Arthur H., 953 
A.2d 630 (Conn. 2008) (no due process hearing required); Doe v. Dep't of Public Safety, 971 A.2d 975 
(Md. App. 2009) (presumption of dangerousness flowing from a rape conviction was permissible). 
Woe v. Spitzer, 571 F.Supp.2d 382 (E.D. N.Y. 2008) (when amended statute extended the 
registration period by ten years three days before petitioner's registration requirement expired, there was no 
Erotected liberty interest). 
Doe v. Jindal, 2011 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 100408 (E.D. La., Sept. 7, 2011). California has a long line 
of cases litigating equal protection issues in sex offender registration cases, based on People v. Hofsheier, 
129 P.3d 29 (Cal. 2006). 
Nearly all of these cases have focused on sex offender registration as a "collateral consequence" of 
conviction, and cases involving whether a guilty plea is knowing, voluntary and intelligent also discuss the 
issue. See United States v. Cottle, 355 Fed. Appx. 18 (6th Cir. 2009); Mireles v. Bell, 2008 U.S. Dist. 
LEXIS 2451 (D. Mich. Jan. II, 2008); State v. Flowers, 249 P.3d 367 (Idaho 2011); Magyar v. State, 18 
So.3d 807 (Miss. 2009) (citing thorough collection of controlling caselaw across the country); People v. 
Gravino, 928 N.E.2d 1048 (N.Y. 2010) (Guilty Plea); State v. Nash, 48 A.D.3d 837 (N.Y. App. Div. 3d 
Dep't 2008); see also United States v. Molina, 68 M.J. 532 (U.S.C.G. CCA 2009) (mutual 
misunderstanding of registration requirement was grounds for withdrawing a guilty plea entered pursuant to 
Page 14 of 16 
EFTA01137154
--- PAGE 16 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
a plea agreement); State v. Bowles, 89 A.D.3d 171 (N.Y. App. Div. 2d Dep't 2011) (offender has the right 
to the effective assistance of counsel in a risk level assessment (SORA) hearing). 
so 
See Thomas v. United States, 942 A.2d 1180 (D.C. 2008) (underlying misdemeanor charges which 
required registration upon conviction were "petty" for purposes of the Sixth Amendment, and a jury trial 
was not required); In re Richard A., 946 A.2d 204 (R.I. 2008); but see Fushek v. State, 183 P.3d 536 (Ariz. 
2008) (because of the seriousness of the consequences of being designated a sex offender, jury trial must be 
afforded when there is a special allegation of sexual motivation in a misdemeanor case). 
People v. Nichols, 176 Cal. App. 4th 428 (3d Dist. 2009) (28 years to life sentence for failure to 
register under California's three-strikes law did not violate the 8th Amendment); People v. T.D., 292 Mich. 
App. 678 (2011) (requiring a juvenile to register was not cruel and unusual punishment). 
Rosin v. Monken, 599 F.3d 574 (7th Cir. 2010) (offender convicted in New York was promised in 
his plea agreement that he would never have to register as a sex offender, but when he moved to Illinois 
and was required to register under its laws, it was not a violation of the Full Faith and Credit Clause). 
United States v. King, 431 Fed. Appx. 630 (10th Cir. 2011). 
State v. Caton, 260 P.3d 946 (Wash. Ct. App. 2011). 
131 S.Ct. 2355 (2011). 
See United States v. Reynolds, 132 S.Ct. 975 (2012); United States v. Smith, 655 F.3d 839 (8th 
Cir. 2011). 
Doe v. Keathley, 2009 Mo. App. LEXIS 4 (Jan. 6, 2009). 
Doe v. Shurtleff, 2008 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 73787 (D. Utah Sept. 25, 2008), vacated after legislative 
changes, 2009 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 73955 (D. Utah Aug. 20, 2009). 
Brown v. Montoya, 662 F.3d 1152 (10th Cir. 2011). 
State v. Briggs, 199 P.3d 935 (Utah 2008). 
Ex pane Evans, 338 S.W.3d 545 (Tex. Crim. App. 2011) 
7° 
Doe v. linclal, 2012 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 43818 (E.D. La., March 29, 2012). 
United States v. Rose, 2010 CCA LEXIS 251 (A.F.C.C.A. June 11, 2010) 
People v. Fonville, 804 N.W.2d 878 (Mich. Ct. App. 2011) 
Gonzalez v. Duncan, 551 F.3d 875 (9th Cir. 2008). 
Bradshaw v. State, 671 S.E.2d 485 (Ga. 2008). 
State v. Dipiazza, 778 N.W.2d 264 (Mich. Ct. App. 2009). 
530 U.S. 466 (2000). 
See Colorado v. Rowland, 207 P.3d 890 (Colo. Ct. App. 2009); State v. Meredith, 2008 Minn. 
App. Unpub. LEXIS 324 (April 8, 2008). 
130 S. Ct. 1473 (2010). 
Id. Certiorari has been granted in a case for the October 2012 term which will take up the issue of 
whether the decision in Padilla should apply retroactively. Chaidez v. United States, 132 S. Ct 2101 
(2012). 
Rodriguez-Moreno v. Oregon, 2011 U.S. Dist LEXIS 151123 (D. Or. Nov. 15, 2011) (failure to 
advise of registration requirements is not ineffective assistance of counsel); Taylor v. State, 698 S.E.2d 384 
(Ga. Ct. App. 2010) (counsel was deficient for not advising of sex offender registration requirements); 
People v. Fonville, 804 N.W.2d 878 (Mich. Ct. App. 2011) (counsel was ineffective for not advising of sex 
offender registration requirements). 
The Canadian Province of Alberta maintains a website listing high-risk sex offenders: 
httplAvww.solgps.alberta.ca/safe communities/community awareness/serious violent offenders/Pages/hi 
gb risk offenders listing.asnx. 
There is a disclosure scheme in place in the United Kingdom authorizing law enforcement to 
provide details of certain sex offenders 
http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/crime/child-sex-offender-
disclosure', and a bill has recently passed which will enable website and other public notifications in the 
province of Western Australia, Community Protection (Offender Reporting) Amendment Bill (No. 2) 2011, 
Bill No. 236 (Assented to March 15, 2012). 
See United States v. George, 625 F.3d 1124 (9th Cir. 2010); State v. Cook, 187 P.3d 1283 (Kan. 
2008); Longoria v. State, 749 N.W.2d 104 (Minn. App. 2008). 
In re C.P.W., 213 P.3d 413 (Kan. 2009); People v. Haddock, 48 A.D. 3d 969 (N.Y. App. Div. 
2008); State v. Vick, 2010 Wash. App. LEXIS 2462 (Nov. 2, 2010). 
Page 15 of 16 
EFTA01137155
--- PAGE 17 ---
Sex Offender Registration and Notification in the United States 
2008). 
Christie v. State, 2008 Ark. App. LEXIS 10 (Jan. 9, 2008); State v. T.R.D., 942 A.2d 1000 (Conn. 
Petway v. State, 661 S.E.2d 667 (Ga. App. 2008) (pre-release notice of registration requirements 
is not a prerequisite to the obligation to register); Commonwealth v. McBride, 281 S.W.3d 799 (Ky. 2009) 
(lack of notice did not relieve offender of absolute duty to register). 
See United States v. Leach, 2009 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 104703 (D. Ind. Nov. 6, 2009); United States 
v. Benevento, 633 F. Supp. 2d 1170 (D. Nev. 2009); State v. Bryant, 614 S.E.2d 479, 488 (N.C. 2005) ("the 
pervasiveness of sex offender registration programs [combined with additional factors in this case] 
certainly constitute circumstances which would lead the reasonable individual to inquire of a duty to 
register in any state upon relocation"). 
so 
See United States v. Shavanaux, 647 F.3d 993 (11th Cir. 2011) (domestic violence prosecution). 
State v. Peterson, 186 P.3d 1179 (Wash. App. 2008). 
See, e.g., Cal. Penal Code §3003.5 (2012); Idaho Code § 18-8329 (2012); 57 Okla. Stat. §590 
4(2012). 
People v. Oberlander, 880 N.Y.S.2d 875 (N.Y. Sup. Ct. 2009) (Rockland County residency 
restriction preempted by New York State law); People v. Blair, 873 N.Y.S.2d 890 (Albany City Ct. 2009) 
(Albany County residency restriction preempted by New York State law); G.H. v. Twp. of Galloway, 951 
A.2d 221 (N.J. 2008) (New Jersey law preempted municipal residency restrictions); contra United States v. 
King, 2009 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 94582 (W.D. Okla. Oct. 9, 2009) (Oklahoma's residency restrictions did not 
resent an obstacle to complying with federal sex offender registration requirements). 
See Commonwealth v. Baker, 295 S.W.3d 437 (Ky. 2009) (Kentucky's residency restrictions 
exceeded the nonpunitive purpose of public safety and thus violated the ex post facto clause); but see 
McAteer v. Riley, 2008 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 26209 (M.D. Ala. March 31, 2008) ("The court expresses no 
opinion today on whether McAteer could present evidence and arguments to establish by the clearest proof 
that the residency and employment restrictions violate the ex post facto clause and leaves that question for 
another day"); R.L. v. State Dep't of Corr., 245 S.W.3d 236 (Mo. 2008) (by attaching new obligations to 
Bast conduct, residency restrictions violate the bar on retrospective laws). 
State v. Stark, 802 N.W.2d 165 (S.D. 2011) (discussing state-level loitering and safety zone 
provisions). 
U.S.C. §13663. 
`Section 8' is the common shorthand reference to the housing assistance provisions contained in 
the United States Housing Act of 1937, ch. 896, Title I, § 8 (Sept. I, 1937), as amended. 
to 
Miller v. McCormick, 605 F.Supp.2d 296 (D. Me. 2009). 
Johnson v. California, 2011 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 101623 (C.D. Cal. July 25, 2011). 
Santos v. State, 668 S.E.2d 676 (Ga. 2008) (registration requirements unconstitutionally 
vague);see also State v. Crofton, 2008 Wash. App. LEXIS 1283 (June 2, 2008) (weekly registration 
requirement for homeless offenders permissible). 
See Branch v. State, 917 N.E.2d 1283 (Ind. Ct. App. 2009) (homeless defendant was successfully 
prosecuted for failure to register when he failed to inform authorities that he had left a shelter); Milliner v. 
State, 890 N.E.2d 789 (Ind. Ct. App. 2008) (offender kicked out of house by wife and staying with friends 
had to update his registration every time he moved); Tobar v. State, 284 S.W.3d 133 (Ky. 2009) (when 
offender did not notify authorities of leaving homeless shelter, conviction for failure to register was proper) 
; State v. Samples, 198 P.3d 803 (Mont. 2008) (when offender failed to notify authorities of leaving shelter, 
conviction was proper); Breeden v. State, 2008 Tex. App. LEXIS 2150 (March 26, 2008) (offender who 
moved out of hotel into car in parking lot of hotel properly convicted and sentenced to 55 years); but see 
Commonwealth v. Bolling„ 893 N.E.2d 371 (Mass. App. 2008) (offender did not need to update his address 
when he found a friend willing to take him in for a few days); Commonwealth v. Wilgus, 975 A.2d 1183 
(Pa. Super. 2009) (where there was no "residence" to register, a homeless person could not be convicted of 
failure to register); State v. Dinkins, 339 Wis.2d 78 (2012) (offender was charged with failure to register, 
prior to release from incarceration, for failure to provide a residence address, and this was not permissible). 
United States v. Pendleton, 2009 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 85347 (D. Del. Sept. 18, 2009). 
101 
Efange v. Holder, 642 F.3d 918 (10th Cir. 2011); Plascencia-Ayala v. Mukasey, 516 F.3d 738 (9th 
Cir. 2008), overruled on other grounds by Marmolejo-Campos v. Holder, 558 F.3d 903 (9th Cir. 2009). 
Page 16 of 16 
EFTA01137156

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137157.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: cash 
Date: Sat, 09 Mar 2013 01:52:59 +0000 
Attachments: img-308204417-0001.pdf 
thought an update might be helpful 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM [mailto: 
Sent: Friday, March 08, 2013 8:44 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 1 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01137157

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137158.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137158.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account 
Bank 
12/31/12 Balance 
3/08/13 Balance 
Personal accts: 
Leon & Debra Black 
$1,031,093 
$ 
152,686 
Leon & Debra Black 
$2,888,974 
$ 3,065,665 
Black Family Partners 
$17,816,631 
$130,605,429 
Trusts: 
2006 Trust/LBF Hldgs 
$30,021,145 
$ 42,078,002 
Black Family 1997 Trust 
$ 318,265 
$ 
477,033 
Black Family 1997 GST 
$ 
6,832 
$ 
6,832 
LDB 2011 LLC 
$5 250 321 reflects rollup of 1992 and 1988 Trusts 
$ 1,022,509 
Mallory Trust 
$4,120,000 
$ 4,120,202 
Gandalf Trust 
$5,120,000 
$ 5,120,134 
Rollo Tomasi Trust 
$5,120,000 
$ 5,120,134 
Total 
$ 57,333,261 
$191,768,260 
Loans Outstanding 
LDB owes BFP $81 mil 
1997 Trust owes Black Family Partners $52mi1 
2009 Trust owes 2006 Trust $21mil 
2011 Trusts owe 2006 Trust $10.2mil 
Projected cf 
+25mi1 TRA April 
-55mil ? taxesApril 
-50mi1 June-Raphael 
next div late May 
$36 of 130mil in BFP=inc for LDB 
EFTA01137158

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137159.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com)" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fyi-space at 1370 6th Avenue 
Date: Sat, 09 Mar 2013 02:42:33 +0000 
Attachments: img-308213358-0001.pdf 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM [mailto: 
Sent: Friday, March 08, 2013 9:34 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 1 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com/ 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01137159

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137160.pdf
----------------------------------------
West 56th Street 
CPlOH A 
Sag 
ACTS STARCH 
TOTAL 
CSIERN. SPACES 
CEPFSENCE ROCS* IETzCA 
PANTRY 
I 
R CLOSET 
I 
&MCC 
I 
SCete 
33Liu (ski- Pr 
30' CBRE 
CB RICHARD ELLIS 
Partial 25th Floor: As-Built Layout Availability At 
1370 Avenue of the Americas 
Patrtca kingtme {212.964.7112 I pa:nouneepopectieson 
Katy Povron 212144.6549 I karypowszectre.an 
...LOW al %trso niottiona 
esw at army& ono wood ..idase *Oen •1410. 
EFTA01137160

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137161.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 09 Mar 2013 15:36:34 +0000 
Attachments: Leon_D.J3lack_-_Years_2006_-_2011_Surnmary_of federal_and_state_taxes_paid.pdf 
Inline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm29.png; primeglobal_color_blktext_tagline4823.jpg; 
2012_ipa100(2)18be.jpg 
Jeffrey, 
As per our call... 
1. I called Elliot Becker (internal tax manager of Apollo (Purchase)) - he will get me information on the deferred COD 
income to be 
recognized — I expect to hear from him on Monday. 
2. 
Charitable Remainder Trust — foreign source income retains its character as foreign source to the income 
beneficiary. 
Creditable foreign taxes also pass through to income beneficiary. If the CRT maintains a foreign bank or other 
financial account, the CRT (and trustee) would need to file FBAR's . The beneficiary may have FBAR requirement 
as well, if the beneficiary has a 50% or more interest in the 
trust...as well as FATCA (form 8938). 
3. 
Estate tax (federal and NYS) — The top NYS estate tax rate is 16%; the top federal estate tax rate is 40%. The NYS 
estate tax is 
a deduction on the federal estate tax return. ..the "all in" net rate on a $1 billion estate is approximately 45.2%. 
The larger the estate, the higher 
the overall net all in rate would be since more of the estate would be taxed at the maximum rates...could be close 
to 50%. 
4. 
Attached is a summary of total income taxes (as per tax returns — fed and NYS/C) for years 2006-11. 
I will get back to you this coming week on updated projected April 15th tax payments. It will not be final...there is much 
information (K-1 projections etc) to be received over the 4-5 weeks. 
If you have any questions, please contact me. 
Best, 
Tom 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
1375 Broadway 
New York, New York 10018 
ext 404) 
(Direct line) 
(Fax) 
EFTA01137161
--- PAGE 2 ---
(Cell) 
Email: 
Website: 
RAICH 
ENDE 
MALTER CO LLP 
comfit° NM ACCOUNTANTS 6 ADVISORS 
w
iNSTIDEbublicnoti 
OP 
I 0 0 
•FIRMS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures, may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print. copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception and/or use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. we inform you that any tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise. was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing. or recommending to another party any 
transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our 
express written consent. 
EFTA01137162

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137163.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L." <
1=1=> 
To: "Lande, Mark" 
"Mukamal, Tom" 
"Dowling, David" 
, "Florida Science Foundation" 
leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: AYH Discussion 
Date: Sat, 09 Mar 2013 17:07:05 +0000 
Attachments: unnamed 
When: Wednesda , March 13, 2013 2:00 PM-3:00 PM. 
C-05:00 Eastern Time 
S & Canada) 
Where: 
(international or 
passcode 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any 
information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall 
be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital 
Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island 
Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA01137163

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137164.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137164

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137165.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137165.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137165

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137166.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137166

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137167.pdf
----------------------------------------
•, 
• 
EFTA01137167

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137168.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137168.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 
EFTA01137168

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137169.pdf
----------------------------------------
'• • 
••• 
EFTA01137169

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137170.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137170

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137171.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137171

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137172.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137172

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137173.pdf
----------------------------------------
No Images Produced
EFTA01137173

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137174.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137174

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137175.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137175

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137176.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137176

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137177.pdf
----------------------------------------
s
EFTA01137177

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137178.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137178.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137178

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137179.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137179

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137180.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137180

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137181.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137181

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137182.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137182

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137183.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
EFTA01137183

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137184.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137184

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137185.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137185

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137186.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137186

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137187.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137187.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137187

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137188.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137188

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137189.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137189.pdf
----------------------------------------
••• 
4, 
• 
i 
1: i 
ths: 
lilt 
Al 
111;4111En* 
Itniillt 
tit 
i-trr:;= if 1.1111111111 Iii 
ill 1 1 i i i
t 
11111WiRii 
■ ft  Siklialltin 
ling 
lk 
414 
r artal
eN,A -. ••_ 
111-1 !HI 
i 1 2.1111 
• 
• 
_ 
____
ii - I ii ---- 
- 
• 
_ 
IIIII _ 
__k — - • 
iiii 
a 
a 
illir
 ; 
l at 
II 
II 
is 
I I 
EFTA01137189

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137190.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137190

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137191.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137191.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To 
Date: Sun, 10 Mar 2013 16:53:45 +0000 
Inline-Images: Attachment-1 
Jeff Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
■ 
turns 5 today 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01137191

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137192.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137192.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Google (via Google Checkout)" <noreply@cbg.bounces.google.com> 
To: jeffrey-bqasuticarhq@checkout.google.com, jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Your Google Storage plan will automatically renew in 30 days 
Date: Sun, 10 Mar 2013 17:02:26 +0000 
This is a reminder that your one-year Google Storage plan for jeevacation@gmail.com is set to automatically 
renew in 30 days. 
Since you purchased this plan before April 24, 2012 - the date we updated our Google Storage plans - and have 
set your plan to automatically renew, you can keep your current plan. Decide whether you want to keep your 
current plan, purchase a new plan, or downgrade to free storage. 
Keep your current plan 
To keep your current plan and avoid an interruption in service, please check that your payment information is 
current before your plan expires. Read how to update your payment information in Google Wallet. 
We'll continue to automatically renew your current Google Storage plan each year, providing you with the same 
storage limits for your Gmail, Drive, and Picasa, as long as your account's status is as follows: 
- Current plan hasn't been changed at gogle.com/settings/storage
- Account is active 
- Annual plan is set to automatically renew each year 
- Google Wallet payment information is up-to-date 
Purchase a new plan 
Visit www.google.com/settings/storage to purchase a new plan before your current plan expires. After you 
purchase a new plan, you won't be able to go back to your current plan. 
Downgrade to free storage 
Visit www.google.com/settings/storage to downgrade to free storage. After you downgrade your plan, you won't 
be able to go back to your current plan. 
More resources 
See what's changed with storage plans: how Google Storage plans work 
Resolve Google Storage issues: Google Storage troubleshooter 
Thanks, 
The Google Drive Team 
;tar ,00gle Checkout 
This email was forwarded to you through Google Checkout. Stop receiving emails from Google 
EFTA01137192

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137193.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137193.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel cli
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 10 Mar 2013 17:20:02 +0000 
Attachments: 20130310 182346jpg 
EFTA01137193

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137194.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137194

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137195.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel cli
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 10 Mar 2013 17:22:29 +0000 
Attachments: 20130310 160418jpg 
EFTA01137195

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137196.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137196

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137197.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137197.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: US GIO 
To: Undisclosed recipients:; 
Subject: DFJ Growth 2013 - Prospective Investor Call & Webinar - TODAY, March 11, 2013, 
11:00am NY / 3:00pm London 
Date: Mon, 11 Mar 2013 14:29:46 +0000 
Attachments: DR1_2013_Prospectiveinvestor_Call_Invite_2013.03.11illam_NY_-_3pm_London)-
pdEzip 
Please Note: London call will be at 3pm London time, not 4pm. 
J.P. Morgan invites you to participate in a prospective investor conference call for 
DFJ Growth 2013, L.P. 
Founded in 1985, Draper Fisher Jurvetson ("DFJ") is a venture capital firm with over 25 years of experience 
investing in emerging technology companies. DFJ's global network team of 100 professionals manages 
approximately $7 billion of committed capital and investments in over 400 portfolio companiesl. 
DFJ has built a growth stage investment franchise, "DFJ Growth" (or, the "Firm"), focused on backing emerging 
category leaders across a range of technology sectors. DFJ Growth believes there is a significant market 
opportunity to deploy capital in high growth companies, with less risk relative to earlier stage investments. 
DFJ Growth is seeking to raise $350 million in capital commitments for DFJ Growth 2013, L.P. (the "Fund"), the 
natural progression of the Firm's predecessor fund, DFJ Growth Fund 2006, L.P. The Fund will target mid-to-late 
stage private technology companies, which have validated products and are generating revenue across three 
investment themes: information technology, disruptors2 and clean technology. The Fund will seek to invest in 
approximately 20-25 companies, primarily based in the U.S., with investments typically ranging from $5-25 
million per deal. 
Hosted by 
Randy Glein, Managing Director & Barry Schuler, Managing Director 
DFJ Growth 
Date: Monday March 11, 2013 
Time: 11:00am NY/ 3:OOpm London 
Call-in Numbers: 
Within the U.S.: 
Outside the U.S.: 
Hong Kong: 
Singapore: 
Passcode: GROWTH 
EFTA01137197
--- PAGE 2 ---
To view the slides associated with this presentation, copy and paste the following URL into your internet 
browser: 
Event password: growth 
The Conference Call will be replayed through April 8, 2013 
Within the U.S.: 
Outside the U.S.: 
Hong Kong: 
Singapore: 
Passcode: 16823257 
Please contact your J.P. Morgan representative if you have any questions. 
This invitation is confidential and intended solely for the use of J.P. Morgan professionals and the 
clients/prospects to whom it has been delivered. It is not to be reproduced or distributed to any other person 
except to the client's professional advisors. 
Private investments are subject to special risks and individuals must meet specific suitability standards before 
investing. This information does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the interests of 
DF1 Growth 2013, L.P. No offering of interests of the Fund may be made by any literature, advertising or 
document in whatever form other than the confidential private placement memorandum. As a reminder, hedge 
funds (or funds of hedge funds), private equity funds, real estate funds and the like: Often engage in leveraging 
and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; Can be highly illiquid; 
Are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; May involve complex tax 
structures and delays in distributing important tax information; Are not subject to the same regulatory 
requirements as mutual funds; and often charge high fees. Further, any number of conflicts of interest may exist 
in the context of the management and/or operation of any such fund. For complete information, please refer to 
the applicable offering memorandum. Securities are made available through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 
Member FINRA, NYSE and SIPC, and its broker-dealer affiliates. 
1Source: Draper Fisher Jurvetson, as of February 2013. 
2DFJ Growth considers "disruptors" to be companies that leverage a unique product, technology or business 
model to gain advantage, which positions them for continued growth and/or shifts in market share. 
Investment Products: -Not FDIC Insured -No Bank Guarantee -May Lose Value 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, 
and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA01137198

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137199.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 06 Mar 2013 13:12:28 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg; photo(1).jpg 
EFTA01137199

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137200.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137200

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137201.pdf
----------------------------------------
} 
EFTA01137201

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137202.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Darren Compensation History 
Date: Fri, 01 Mar 2013 15:25:31 +0000 
Attachments: SICMBT_C25313030110590.pdf 
Darren mentioned you asked for a history of his compensation 
Please see attached schedule 
2013 ytd thru 2/21/2013: 66,461.52 (based on annual salary of 432,000) 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From:  
Date: March 1, 2013 9:59:44 AM EST 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01137202

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137203.pdf
----------------------------------------
OKI PLLC COMPENSATION & BENEFITS
.••
• 
i 
i 
. 
i 
: 
i 
'. 
• . 
I 
! 
-,--___ 
2004 
2005 
 2008 
2007 
2008 
2009 
: 
2010 - 4 
2011 
2012 
---
...;   
garren w 
i Hite dale: 4715/1.998  i 
-7,Y1 ,  
 - '''' --66,ffoo 
• 
•' 
f - T" • 236.S1"1:441,03I61 ir 6 
. 
, 
2465360-1" 107:5011-- 
45;&18- f""-  ''''''''''''' '' -"' 1,02,666.
'' ''. " 
:Salary -14 
70KI 
....-  
:Salary - Olt 
'' 7 '''''''' - 
I-- ''''' - 
Tax Free Distributions - DKI PLLC 
 ! 
legal Pees 
 _.i ( 
3--- -1 
.. 
F'P 
401k-7% 
iLiiiiith"ftliiiiiii7Lite 
i 
- 166666-
15,500 
- '''''''' 16;426—
125,000 ! 
150,000 ! 
- 
- : 
- 
- 
' --I- 
t 
18,000 
- 
: 
- 
, 
- 
'''''' 16',4M1"1 '''''' t16:166't ''''' --26;616 . 
2-016 
_26:869.
- 
- 
Payroll Taxes 
 : 
!  
I
--! 
.3-
Gifts 
7Pandng 
i 
f. 
T 1 
:Loan - NYSO La 
i 
i 
448 
-  
. 
.... 
GOO 
"T60.666 1-* 
_ 27.091 i 
27,329 ; 
27,522  : 
27,5221_ 
''''' '' 
. ''' ,.....iiia.:4. 
i 
887`--- ''''' '''' - 
..i 
'MO 1 
6:466"r 
&;1661 
-I: 
- 
, 
- 
- 
- : 
- 
'''' .39a..
5,460 
- 
_Total 
i 
, 
- 
2,142,872 
1,892,081 ; 1,847,418 i 
1,530,331 ; 1,489,058 
1,694,421 
EFTA01137203

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137204.pdf
----------------------------------------
Judge Tells Attys To Cool Off In Fla. Tribe's Malpractice Suit - Law360 
3/1/13 11:39 AM 
LAWS) 
Portfolio Media. Inc. I 860 Broadway, 6th Floor I New York, NY 10003 I www.law360.com 
Phone: +1 646 783 7100 I Fax: +1 646 783 7161 I customerservice@law360.com 
Judge Tells Attys To Cool Off In Fla. Tribe's Malpractice 
Suit 
By Nathan Hale 
Law360, Miami (February 26, 2013, 11:13 PM ET) -- Lawyers for the Miccosukee Tribe of Indians 
of Florida and Lewis Tein PL were told by a judge to tone down their arguments at a hearing 
Tuesday in Florida state court over privilege logs the firm says are essential to defending itself 
from a malpractice suit brought by the tribe, which alleges millions of dollars in improper legal 
charges. 
Judge John W. Thornton in Miami referred the motion for the logs brought by Lewis Tein to 
Magistrate Judge Ellen Leesfield, but not before he admonished the parties for the nastiness and 
bickering that has pervaded the case. 
The Miccosukee Tribe laid claims of malpractice, breach of fiduciary duty and fraud against Lewis 
Tein and its principals, former interim U.S. Attorney Guy Lewis and former federal prosecutor 
Michael Tein, and included detailed personal information about them in its original complaint. The 
defendants have suggested that the case is an attempt to divert attention from an Internal 
Revenue Service investigation into the tribe's gambling profits and have accused the tribe's lawyer 
of trying to coerce witnesses. 
A clearly frustrated Judge Thornton said that he was wiping the slate clean Tuesday, but he also 
reminded the parties that he had previously warned them the next time anyone spoke over 
another in court he would issue fines starting at $1,000. And he said he didn't want to see any 
nasty, ad hominem personal attacks in their pleadings either 
"Please govern yourselves accordingly," Judge Thornton said, adding, "Everyone is now on 
notice." 
But after a lengthy meeting before Judge Leesfield, where some privilege logs had been made 
available for review, it did not sound as though the case had turned a corner. 
"Some of them haven't even prepared them. Others are incomplete," Lewis Tein counsel Paul Calli 
of Carlton Fields told Law360, saying he was not sure how the case would proceed next. "This is 
just, this issue — by design by them — is complicated." 
Representatives for the Miccosukee Tribe did not respond to requests for comment Tuesday. 
In its original complaint, the Miccosukee Tribe claimed that Lewis Tein represented clients with 
adverse interests to the tribe, disclosed the tribe's confidential and legally protected client 
information and financial records to third parties, and improperly procured affidavits of former 
http://www.law360.comfarticles/415995/print?sectioncommercialcontracts 
Page 1 of 2 
EFTA01137204
--- PAGE 2 ---
Judge Tells Attys To Cool Off In Fla. Tribe's Malpractice Suit - Law360 
3/1/13 11:39 AM 
tribe employees. 
Former Miccosukee Tribe in-house counsel Jeanine Bennett also appeared before Judge Thornton 
on Tuesday, expressing her concern over the Tribe's request to depose her, which she said is 
unnecessary. 
Lewis Tein PL is represented Paul Calli of Carlton Fields. 
The Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida are represented by in-house counsel Bernardo Roman. 
The case is Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida v. Lewis et al., case number 12-12816CA27, in 
the Eleventh Circuit Court of Florida. 
--Editing by Jeremy Barker. 
All Content Q 2003-2013, Portfolio Media, Inc. 
http://www.law360.comfarticles/41599Sfprint?section=commercralcontracts 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA01137205

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137206.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137206.pdf
----------------------------------------
e• 
• 
I"IN.1
• 
•1S 
M 
■ 
a tee 
 
k SIN 
* 
■ 
■ 
NS 
 
iel 
N INON 
NO
N NI 
•
II 
O IR 
s pill 
INN 
I
NNS. 
MINS 
I
NNS. 
N I 
I
ON 
N NSO 
INNS 
K
NOX 
I
N NS 
INN 
I
* 
I
I 
I N 
pi 
I
t 
EFTA01137206

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137207.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Mon, 18 May 2015 18:13:53 +0000 
Inline-Images: image005.jpg; image008.jpg; image006.jpg; image007.jpg; image009.jpg; image004.jpg 
lo minutes 
On Mon, May 18, 2015 at 2:08 PM, Eric Roth < 
wrote: 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
)-  international jet 
I
T
E
F1
A 
S 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Monday, May 18, 2015 2:08 PM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: 
phone for me to cal 
On Mon, May 18, 2015 at 2:06 PM, Eric Roth 1=IMM> 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Phone number? 
EFTA01137207
--- PAGE 2 ---
Winning Lotto Number? 
Wire transfer Number? 
What do you mean when you refer to "Number?' 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDEN 
Q
..
. 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
IC~l
0 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long bland MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Monday, May 18, 2015 1:55 PM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: 
number? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137208
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137209

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137210.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137210.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 18 May 2015 18:21:36 +0000 
Attachments: _13127_Final_INvoice_Oct_14.pdf 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137210

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137211.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137211.pdf
----------------------------------------
••• 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
i
O
R
S 
2221 SMITHTOWN AVENUE. LONG ISLAND MACARTHUR AIRPORT. RONKONKOMA. NEW YORK 11779 
631.737.5900 P 
631.737.1249 F 
www.intliel.com 
Mr. Larry Visoski 
JEGE, LLC 
3800 Southern Blvd. Suite 204 
West Palm Beach, FL 33406 
FINAL INVOICE 
October 17, 2013 
Subject: Gulfstream IV 
Serial No. 1085 
Registration No. N212JE 
$ 359,307 
Proposal 
$ 
57,970 
Option1 — Metal Plating 
$ 
13,280 
Option 2 — Conference Table 
$ 
23,500 
Option 3 — Countertops and Doors 
$ 
22,750 
Option 4 — Aft Lavatory Closet 
$ 
12,920 
Option 5 — Fwd R/H Bulkhead HD Monitor 
$ 
35,930 
Option 6 — Cabin Inner Window Shade Assemblies 
$ 
34,680 
Option 7 — New Berthing Divan and Arm Rest Cabinets 
$ 
8,670 
Option 8 - Seat Hydrolocks 
$ 
8,960 
Option 9 — Conference Table Fixed Single Pedestal Base 
$ 
7,550 
Option10 — Fwd Cabin Bulkheads 
$ 
2,800 
Option15 — Cabin Area 110 Vac Outlets 
$ 
11,670 
Option16 — Cabin Management Switches 
$ 
49.940 
Option17 — Entertainment System 
$ 649,927 
Total of contract 
($19,9271 
Less discount 
$ 630,000 
Final Contract Amount 
($ 250,000) 
Less initial deposit paid 6/21/13 
($ 
65,000) 
Less additional deposit paid 7/3/13 
($ 157.500) 
Less midpoint payment 8/12/13 
$ 157,500 
Payment due on base contract 
Additional items: 
$ 
12,870 
Metal plate CMS switch panels 
$ 
3,470 
Two (2) cabin power supplies and six (6) ALC light bulbs 
$ 
820 
Procure 9 Parasol (Tables) and 6 Standard (cabinetry) hinges 
$ 
3,180 
Procure one high resolution cockpit camera 
($ 250,000) 
Less initial deposit paid 6/21/13 
($ 157,500) 
Less payment made 10/17/13 
$ 
20,340 
Balance Due 
EFTA01137211

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137212.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137212.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevaeation(ii2gmail.com 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 02 Mar 2013 17:48:57 +0000 
Attachments: Lawrenee_Delson_brief bio_updated_summer_2012.doex 
Jeffrey 
I am upstate today and do not have access to all of my files. However, I am attaching a brief bio that was used for an HSBC 
event that I spoke at this past October. It obviously focuses on my international experience. 
Frankly, having my own business and working with my father, I have not assembled a "resume" for quite a bit of time. I will 
look what I do have in the office tomorrow/Monday. 
Best 
Larry 
The material contained herein is confidential, may be privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is prohibited and may be unlawful. If 
you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately, and destroy same and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
US Treasury Department Circular 230 requires that we inform you that any federal tax advice contained in this 
communication (including attachments) is not intended or written to be used and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) 
avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any 
transactions or matter addressed herein. 
----Original Message 
From: Jeffrey E stein <'eevacation@gmail.com> 
To: gvdassoc 
Sent: Sat, Mar 2, 2013 10:02 am 
larry can you email me your resume , 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(Wgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137212

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137213.pdf
----------------------------------------
Lawrence Delson 
Mr. Delson has more than twenty-five years of international trade experience in China and 
Taiwan. He is the founder of his own import/export and consulting business. The consulting 
aspect of his company assists U.S. small business entering into and overcoming the hurdles of 
the China market. Mr. Delson also consults for Chinese trade associations and quasi government 
agencies. Mr. Delson is a member of the New York District Export Council. He speaks, reads 
and writes fluent Mandarin and has lived both in China and Taiwan. 
Mr. Delson is adjunct associate professor at New York University's School of professional and 
Continuing Studies and is a lecturer at the State University of New York's Fashion Institute of 
Technology. At NYU, he authored the course "Doing Business in China". 
He is a frequent speaker to various business, academic and civic institutions including The China 
Institute, Columbia University, the Fashion Institute of Technology's Talking Trade events, New 
York University and the Confucian Institute of Business (SUNY) on topics in international trade 
and the business environment in China. 
He is an expert contributor to research organizations and publications including such recent 
studies as the Big Think Knowledge Network's study of China's economic outlook and On the 
Front Line's Doing Business in China. 
Mr. Delson holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Clark University and a Master of Arts degree 
from Columbia University. 
EFTA01137213

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137214.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137214.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn <a 
To: "jeffrey F-" cjeevacation%gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Bentley 
Date: Mon, 18 May 2015 18:47:45 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_0308.1PG 
Bentley was supposed to leave NY for FL tomorrow 
Jojo informed me this am that garage damaged front grill (sec attached) 
Garage will repair damage at their expense however i think best to wait to ship Bentley until damages arc repaired in NY 
Is there any other work you may want done while car is in shop? 
Denali light bar and scat we can have done when you leave NY 
I spoke with Stefano (owner) of shop where Michael Angelo works and he would not quote work over the phone and asked that we bring car to his shop when it arrives 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: May 18, 2015 at 12:15:03 PM EDT 
Subject: Bentley 
To: Rich Khan-Office •za• 
Front pill dented or broken made the report from garage 
EFTA01137214
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ar_
._selasossour
_ 
at
Seat from my iPhono 
EFTA01137215

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137216.pdf
----------------------------------------
.
,
.
EFTA01137216

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137217.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137217

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137218.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137218.pdf
----------------------------------------
NISSAN COMMERCIAL VEHICLES 
COMPACT CARGO VAN 
NV200 Compact Cargo 
FULL-SIZE VAN 
NV200 AVAILABLE FEATURES 
Cargo lo 
%.4 
t 
rt 
titt0
.1  
MI glentenfieg 
MN NO 
Inenderd noel model 
µV Cargo 
1500/2500 HD/3500 HD 
Standard Root model 
IS Cargo 
NiM IIIMIMPO 440 
Iwo Meat mod. 
owls watt demo t, 
Orr 
roc hnoicskow. 
atc,ott,k5ff,
EFTA01137218

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137219.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 03 Mar 2013 03:34:13 +0000 
Inline-Images: image00 Ljpg 
I'll bring it. Do you have photos of girls 
On Saturday, March 2, 2013, 
wrote: 
I found some women who are happy to meet you the week of 25 march, hopefully they do not cancel last 
moment. So don't know your name, so no google search. French blond law student and german model 
If you 
happen to go to book store, may you get this book for me ? 55 successful essays for 
HLS Education Book Summary: 55 Successful Harvard Law School Application Essays: What Worked for 
Them... 
I pay you back in euros when I see you. I like getting "intelligent" stuff from you than just ordering it online 
since you are smart... thanks in advance if you wanna do that 
RESPECTUEUSEMENT, 
KIND REGARDS, 
MASTER IN INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS LAW. SORBONNE LAW SCHOOL 
EFTA01137219
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to j
@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137220

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137221.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137221

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137222.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137222

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137223.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137223.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137223

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137224.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137224

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137225.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137225

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137226.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Thank you 
Date: Mon, 18 May 2015 19:49:51 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg; image003.jpg 
Jeffrey. 
Thank you for your understanding and appreciation of our work. 
Warm regards. 
Eric 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
OR
S 
D-IC
-I
-I
0 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
EFTA01137226

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137227.pdf
----------------------------------------
. OOOOO .• • • •••• 
..... .. . 
• 
•arit• 
......rr 4111.111144talla..t Matt 
• ..... 
000 
•• T'
„,,A 
"nor, 
EFTA01137227

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137228.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 03 Mar 2013 16:28:30 +0000 
Attachments: LSJ_ZDC_PUNCH_PROJECTS_030313.xlsx 
Good Afternoon, 
Attached updated Project/Punch List for LSJ & Zorro. 
If there are any questions or concerns please let me know 
Warmest regards 
On Sun, Mar 3, 2013 at 8:49 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
please send me this morning updated punchlits for both zoroo and Isj„ thanks 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
LSJ,LLC 
Island Manager 
6100 Red Hook Quarters Suite B3 
St Thomas 
USVI 00802 
Tel: 340 775 8100 
Fax: 340 775 8108 
EFTA01137228

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137229.pdf
----------------------------------------
:47:44 
- 
EFTA01137229

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137230.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137230.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137230

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137231.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137231

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137232.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137232

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137233.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137233.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: karyna 
Date: Mon, 18 May 2015 21:13:26 +0000 
Attachments: SHBRK_Scann15051817040.pdf 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel  
fax  
cell
Begin forwarded message: 
To: 
Subject: Message from KMBT C253 
From: 
Reply-To: 
Date: May 18, 2015 at 5:04:10 PM EDT 
EFTA01137233

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137234.pdf
----------------------------------------
i Karyna Shuliak 
2015 
2014 
2013 
2012 
TOTALS 
1/1 thru 5/15 
8alary - JSC (began 3/2/2015) 50k plus 8% payroll taxes 
54,000 
54,000: 
168 000: 
Estimated rent and utilities @It 3,500 per month FMV 
42,000 
42,000 
42,000 
42,000 
ApartmentWations 
23.575 
4,620 
13,500 
41,695( 
Apartment Furnishings (2015 Artefact° 2014 Erin) 
85,000 
79,985 
164,985 
Columbia Tuition 
72,103 
104,490 
40,330 
216,923: 
Butterfly Wre 
50,000 
000: 
Brokerage Account 
10,000 
1000! 
JEE Wires to Karyna 
10,000 
60,000 
70,000 
JEE Wires to Parents 
50,000 
50,000' 
419,149: 
Credit card spending per QB 
thru 5/14/2015-> 
80,802 
191,929 
91,427 
54,991 
i 
TOTALS 
335,377 
440,637 
257,917 
210,821 
1,244,752i 
_.I 
_____) 
EFTA01137234

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137235.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137235.pdf
----------------------------------------
AIPAC SPEECH 2013 - MINISTER OF 
DEFENSE - EHUD BARAK 
• Thank you for such a warm welcome. 
• What an indescribable feeling to be 
surrounded by so many true friends in the 
capital of the world's greatest democracy. 
• Members of the Administration, Members of 
Congress, distinguished ambassadors, 
especially our ambassador Michael Oren.... 
Michael, Rosey, Bob, David, Howard and 
Richard, AIPAC members... older and young... 
• Good evening to you all. 
• It is your toil and your graft — your unwavering 
support — that keep us safe. 
• I have six humble words for all of you: Thank 
you, thank you, thank you. 
• I would like to express my personal 
appreciation to President Obama and Secretary 
Panetta for their resolute backing of Israel. 
EFTA01137235
--- PAGE 2 ---
• History will surely record your immeasurable 
contribution to the strength of Israel, and the 
maintenance of the truly special relationship 
between our peoples. 
• On behalf of the people of Israel, I wish 
Secretary Hagel all the best in his new role. 
• As Secretary of Defense he will, no doubt, serve 
his country with the same pride and honor 
with which he served, both on the battlefield 
and in Congress. 
• It is great to see so many young activists here. 
Thank you for your energetic commitment to 
Israel! 
• A commitment which is so lucidly dictated by 
the head... yet so deeply underpinned by the 
heart... 
• Keep it up — you are the future! 
************************************ 
EFTA01137236
--- PAGE 3 ---
• It is thanks to the rock solid US-Israel 
relationship, alongside the devotion of the 
young men and women of the IDF, that our 
capacity to defend ourselves, has been 
guaranteed for years to come! 
• With US support, combined with the ingenuity 
of our scientists; Israel finds itself at the cutting 
edge of missile defense technology. 
• The 'Iron Dome' recently intercepted over 400 
incoming terrorist rockets. Practically — this is 
like hitting a bullet... with a bullet! 
• Just last week, we — the US and Israel —
conducted a successful exo-atmospheric test of 
the Arrow 3 interceptor. 
• The State of Israel simply would not be the 
strong island of stability it is, without one 
crucial constant. 
• You! The United States of America. Its people. 
Its leadership. Its Congress. Its Jewish 
community. 
EFTA01137237
--- PAGE 4 ---
*********************************** 
• It is no secret, and I'll repeat it again, that we 
live in a tough neighborhood, where there is no 
mercy for the weak. And no second chance for 
those who cannot defend themselves. 
• Israel is the strongest country in the region and 
the only genuinely open democracy. 
• An unprecedented geopolitical earthquake in 
the last three years has shattered the 
generations' old regional order. 
• There are two clear lessons and one insight 
which I have drawn from this period: 
• # 1: Be modest with predictions 
 especially 
about the future! Take Egypt as an example; 
Mubarak was unable to predict it... who did? 
Who thinks he could? 
• #2: When friends tell me: Don't worry... If 
worse comes to worst ... the world will step 
forward and act! 
EFTA01137238
--- PAGE 5 ---
• My answer is: Do not take this for granted. 
• Look at Syria — you don't need classified 
intelligence; it's on your screens. Assad's jet 
fighters, tanks and artillery are slaughtering his 
own citizens. Over 70,000 Syrians killed. 
• Yet still... there is no sense of direction and no 
political will to act. 
• There is an extremely relevant lesson here... 
especially for all of us in Israel. 
• And an insight... 
• Many believe that the root cause for all the 
problems in the Middle East... is our inability to 
solve the conflict with the Palestinians. 
• Well, I say... That's not true! 
• Recent developments in the Middle East have 
been far beyond our control... and 
independent of our deeds. 
• Even if a peace agreement with the Palestinians 
had been signed and sealed a long time ago: 
EFTA01137239
--- PAGE 6 ---
o The Muslim Brotherhood would still have 
come to power in Egypt 
o Syria would still be mired in a bloody civil 
war 
o And Iran would still be pursuing nuclear 
capabilities and a hegemonic role in the 
Gulf 
• And ladies and gentlemen, 
• It is Iran's pursuit of nuclear capabilities which 
is the greatest challenge facing Israel, the 
region and the world today... 
• A nuclear Iran spells the end of any conceivable 
non-proliferation regime. 
• Saudi Arabia, Turkey and later Egypt will 
follow suit. In the future, even terrorist groups 
may try. 
• Diplomatic efforts continue. Sanctions are 
unprecedented and hurting, but frankly — while 
exhausting all diplomatic means is 
understandable — I do not believe it will lead to 
EFTA01137240
--- PAGE 7 ---
a "moment of truth", where the Ayatollahs will 
give up their nuclear aspirations. 
• Therefore, all options must remain on the 
table. 
• We have stated this time and again. 
• And we expect all those who say it... to mean 
it... 
• Ladies and gentlemen... We mean it. 
• And let me repeat it: we... mean it. 
************************************** 
EFTA01137241
--- PAGE 8 ---
• A nuclear Iran is the most imminent and acute 
danger to the stability of the entire region. But 
it is not the only one: 
• Radical Islamist terror is spreading rapidly. 
• And the accumulation of missiles and rockets 
will necessitate regional missile defense. 
• So what is to be done? 
• It is an interregnum right now in Israel, and the 
new Netanyahu government will have to shape 
its approach. 
• But allow me, just before I leave my post, to 
share with you my positions: 
• The Middle East is a Gestalt — everything 
depends on everything else. 
• Facing this array of threats, we have to: 
• Firstly, start building a 'Regional Security 
Framework'... 
EFTA01137242
--- PAGE 9 ---
• This should be built around the common 
challenges of radical Islamist terror, border 
security, missile defense... and of course, Iran. 
• And being led by the United States, it could 
provide a variety of synergies for all its regional 
participants. 
• Secondly, we need a daring peace initiative vis-
a-vis the Palestinians. 
• A two-state solution is the only viable long-
term solution. 
• It is a compelling imperative for us, in order to 
secure our identity and our future as a Jewish 
and democratic state; it's not a favor for the 
Palestinians... 
• Believe me, I tried hard as Prime Minister, 
together with President Clinton. So I know, 
from personal experience, that the Palestinians 
are not easy partners for peace. 
• Prime Minister Netanyahu has taken 
courageous steps, to renew the process 
including an unprecedented settlement freeze. 
EFTA01137243
--- PAGE 10 ---
• But still — from the Palestinian side... no proper 
response. 
• They clearly bear most of the responsibility for 
past failures. 
• And I know, a fully fledged agreement is 
probably not feasible today, But if this is the 
case — and only a sincere effort can determine 
this — we have to try and achieve a reasonable, 
fair, interim agreement. 
• I strongly believe this is possible, while 
guaranteeing all our security and vital interests. 
• But if even an interim agreement is 
unobtainable, then we should consider 
unilateral steps, in order to place a wedge on 
this extremely dangerous slippery slope 
towards a binational state. 
• It involves demarcating a line within the land of 
Israel... Within which we will have the 
settlement blocs and a solid Jewish majority 
for generations to come. 
EFTA01137244
--- PAGE 11 ---
• As well as setting security arrangements, and a 
solid Israeli, long-term military presence along 
the River Jordan. 
• Rest assured... our security should not — and 
will not — be compromised under any of these 
alternatives. 
• Tough decisions must be taken; but it is 
possible. 
• And as our sages teach us: "If not now... 
when?" 
• I strongly believe that this intertwined strategic 
triangle: 
• First, The Regional Security Framework 
• Second, a reinvigorated political process with 
the Palestinians... 
• And third: tackling Iran. 
• This triangle, is the most effective approach to 
deal with the challenges on our horizon. 
EFTA01137245
--- PAGE 12 ---
************************************* 
• Israel, has also been experiencing its own 
tremors of change. 
• In the summer of 2011, the people of Israel 
took to the streets... demanding a more equal 
allocation of the burden. 
• Just last month, 53 new, fresh members of the 
Knesset were sworn in, about half the serving 
members of Knesset ... (Present company 
included!)... were out. 
• That is what I call democracy in action. 
• A democracy I am proud of. 
• A democracy you can be proud of. 
• I am confident that Prime Minister Netanyahu 
will lead his new government with the same 
dedication and responsibility which he led the 
last. 
• Ladies and gentlemen, 
EFTA01137246
--- PAGE 13 ---
• I was born 71 years ago, at the height of World 
War II; the Nazi crematoria in Europe were 
working day and night. 
• And now... in 2013, I am ending my tenure as 
the Minister of Defense of a strong, 
independent Jewish state. 
• Look at what we — as a nation — have 
achieved... Who would have believed it then? 
o Today we have an agile and adaptive high-
tech and export oriented economy. 
o A start-up culture flourishes on an 
eruption of talent and an underlying 
entrepreneurial spirit. 
• I am optimistic, and my vision for Israel is clear: 
• A strong, self-confident, thriving Jewish, 
democratic state, living in peace and security 
with its neighbors. 
• An exemplary state and world leader in 
science, technology, education and culture. 
EFTA01137247
--- PAGE 14 ---
• A country in which our children will want to 
live, and your children will be proud of. 
• Ladies and gentlemen, 
• We are at a decisive juncture in our history... 
• As President Kennedy noted during the Cuban 
Missile Crisis: 
o "The path we have chosen for the present 
is full of hazards, as all paths are. But it is 
the one most consistent with our character 
and courage as a nation..." 
• I believe we possess the character and courage 
as a nation to make those tough decisions for 
the future, peace and security of the State of 
Israel. 
• Please allow me to end with the millennia old 
blessing: 
o DC-NJ]. Inv nxi -la. ov.)n dn.. Inv'? II11 Dvin 
• May the Lord bestow his people with courage; 
may the Lord bless his people with peace. 
EFTA01137248
--- PAGE 15 ---
• Thank you... 
EFTA01137249

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137250.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137250.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 04 Mar 2013 13:42:31 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT_C25313030409130.pdf 
> 
Attached is compensation history 
Please advise 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor. 
New York. New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: March 4, 2013 8:13:43 AM EST 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01137250

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137251.pdf
----------------------------------------
-
.
-
•
•
•
•
•
-
•
.
•
-
-
•
•
•
-
--2-6U-7 11168- I- 20716-
2007 
2008 
2009 7
i
• 
26O I 2111-
'1Off -
.Salary 
Bonus 
Simple IRA-3% 
Payroll Taxes 
Hire date: 11/16/2004 
35,800 t  36,000 I  40,600 
500 ;  3,000 I 
5,000 
- 
i 1,170 1..._ 1,350 
2,8407 3,120 i 
3,600 
42,000 
5,000 
1,410 
µ 3,760 
42,000 
- 
. 
- 
. 
3,360 
37,800 
- 
3,024 
9,372 
100 
I
37,800 !"---4206 ''''' T ''' 4Zgifid '' 
i 
- 
- 
3,024 
3,424'` 
3,424 
Health / Life 
- 12,180 
13,452 I 13,464 
8,952 
8,952 
5,784 I 
499 1 
7,029 . a. 
698 
6,732 
281—
dental 
Other 
'
: 
250 I 
-; 
; 
. 
- 
463
230 
160 
'Total 
50,520 
56,992 
63,877 
61,352 
54,472 
50,296 
47,107 
53,951 
53,237 
Effective 1/31/2011 - raise to 42,800 
i 
...1. 
1.. 
t 
i 
.•
,..._... 
. 
I 
a Oct 2012 
went on Medicare which will cost 3,776.40 on an annual basis 
EFTA01137251

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137252.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137252.pdf
----------------------------------------
4.0jeiri 
fIAMMABIf•' 
EFTA01137252

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137253.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: PMW Bulletin
To: jeevacation(a2gmail.com 
Subject: PA rejects Norwegian TV report about PA hate incitement and terror glorification 
Date: Mon, 04 Mar 2013 15:29:19 +0000 
;2,PMW 
Bulletin 
March 4, 2013 
PA rejects Norwegian TV report 
about PA hate incitement 
and terror glorification 
PA Ambassador: 
"They used rumors and exaggerations.They exaggerated all 
kinds of news items to foster a negative attitude among 
Norwegians against the Palestinian issue and the Palestinian 
leadership..." 
PA TV News: 
TV report is "part of an incitement campaign started by the 
Israeli Foreign Ministry on a global level to affect the 
positions of countries that support Palestine." 
Foreign Minister of Norway: 
"The response from [PA] President's Abbas office yesterday, 
in conversation with our envoy, was that they also denounce 
this, and that they wish to pursue this." 
httpApalwatch.org/main.aspx?fi=157&doc icI=8621 
by Itamar Marcus and Nan Jacques Zilberdik 
The Palestinian Authority has rejected the findings of NRK Norwegian state-
owned TV, which showed PA messages of hatred against Jews and Israel as 
documented by Palestinian Media Watch. PA TV described the TV report as part 
of a global "incitement campaign" by Israel. 
PA TV also interviewed the Palestinian Ambassador to Norway, Yasser Al-Najjar 
about the NRK report. He said that "the goal is to stop Norwegian aid to the 
Palestinian people and the PA." Norway is a major financial and political 
supporter of the PA. 
EFTA01137253
--- PAGE 2 ---
Click to view 
The Palestinian Ambassador also tried to 
minimize the damage the story caused to 
the PA, saying "these are weak voices in the 
Norwegian media." In fact, NRK is the main 
TV station and the TV report had a 
significant impact. It led to high level 
debates in the Norwegian parliament and 
prompted the Norwegian Foreign Minister to 
call the office of PA Chairman Abbas for 
clarification. 
The Palestinian Ambassador also challenged the accuracy of the Norwegian TV 
report, which was based on Palestinian Media Watch's documentation and its 
book Deception. The Ambassador claimed that "they used rumors and 
exaggerations. They exaggerated all kinds of news items to foster a negative 
attitude among Norwegians against the Palestinian issue and the Palestinian 
leadership, but all this failed." 
PMW documented in Deception that the PA has a policy of sending one message 
to the international community while disseminating a contradictory message to its 
own people. This policy is being repeated here.To the Palestinian public, the PA 
rejects PMW's findings as "rumors and exaggerations." However, when the 
Norwegian Foreign Ministry called the office of PA Chairman Abbas, the PA 
accepted the Norwegian complaint, "denounced" the hate incitement, and 
promised to "pursue" it. In the words of the Norwegian Foreign Minister 
answering questions in  parliament: 
"Now I really need to emphasize that the response from [PA] President's 
Abbas office yesterday, in conversation with our envoy, was that they also 
denounce this, and that they wish to pursue this. I take that as a positive 
sign. We are going to follow up [and see] that they actually do it." 
So does the PA actually "denounce" the hate incitement on PA TV or see it as 
"exaggerations" and part of an "Israeli incitement campaign?" 
It depends on who the PA is talking to. 
The following is an excerpt of the PA TV phone interview with the PA 
Ambassador to Norway: 
PAN host: "In a surprising step, the official Norwegian TV channel [NRK] 
broadcast a report in which it claims that PAN spreads hatred against 
Israel... These claims come as part of an incitement campaign started by the 
Israeli Foreign Ministry on a global level to affect the positions of countries 
that support Palestine... [Ambassador] Yasser, how do you explain the 
change in the Norwegian media against the Palestinian media, and 
especially [official] PA TV?" 
Ambassador Yasser Al-Najjar: "First of all, we cannot describe the 
Norwegian media as having [only] one source or as uniform... The [Israeli] 
campaign began after the Presidents (Mahmoud Abbas) and the Palestinian 
leadership's decision to turn to the UN... The [Israeli] goal is clear to all the 
EFTA01137254
--- PAGE 3 ---
Norwegian political parties and to the Norwegian Foreign Ministry. The goal 
is to stop Norwegian aid to the Palestinian people and the PA." 
PAN host: "Mr. Yasser, what is the role of the diplomatic delegation and 
the Palestinian embassy in dealing with this issue, and updating the 
[Palestinian] political leadership to get an explanation from Norway, which 
strongly supports the Palestinian issue?" 
Ambassador Yasser: "Don't worry. These are weak voices in the Norwegian 
media... Today we were in contact with the Norwegian Foreign Ministry and 
Norwegian [political] figures, and with friendly [political] parties, to tell them 
the truth and to protect [our] institutions, including PA TV... Two days ago, I 
was interviewed on the Norwegian channel with the Israeli ambassador. 
They used rumors and exaggerations. They exaggerated all kinds of news 
items to foster a negative attitude among Norwegians against the Palestinian 
issue and the Palestinian leadership, but all this failed... Don't worry. We are 
present and we have experience, praise Allah, in dealing with the counter 
information spread by Israel. Two days ago we discovered that the Israeli 
embassy hired a company to direct the information in Norway, and has paid 
them about half a million dollars to execute this attack. This is known among 
all the political circles in Norway." 
[PA TV (Fatah), Feb. 17, 2013] 
Click to view 
Join Our Mailing List 
This research was made  possible by the support of readers like you. 
Donate to PMW now. 
EFTA01137255
--- PAGE 4 ---
VISIT PMW VIDEO ARCHIVES 
Shahada (Death for Allah) promotion 
Success of Shahada  promotion 
Promoting violence & terror 
Conspiracy libels 
Jewish history rewritten 
Holocaust denial and distortion 
Glorifying terrorists and terror 
Demonization 
Israel's right to exist denied 
Objective: Israel's destruction 
p:+972 2 625 4140 
e: 
f: +972 2 624 2803 
w: www.palwatch.org 
Forward email 
This email was sent to jeevacabon©gmail.com by pmw@palwatdtorg
Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribeim Privacy Policy. 
PMW Palestinian Media Watch Jerusalem Israel 
EFTA01137256

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137257.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137257.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 29 Jan 2015 13:29:54 +0000 
Attachments: Chess.jpg 
I prefer this rappresentation: you know you've already lost but you still have hope and then... You are beaten by 
the queen ! 
On Thu, Jan 29, 2015 at 2:16 PM, 
I'm sorry that you've lost... ;) 
On Thu, Jan 29, 2015 at 2:14 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
http://thumbs.dreamstime.corn/z/chess-king-surrender-27793476.jpg
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA01137257

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137258.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137258.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Erika Kellerhals 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: <no subject> 
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2013 16:27:16 +0000 
In
 7B8B96A5-A17A-4855-9256-43BDEEA09109[531].png 
I'm not ignoring you. I just have been attached at the hip to some clients who are here on island. I have 2pm at Legislature and 
then we can talk. 
Erika A. Kellerhals 
• 
Partner 
Kellerhals Ferguson Fletcher Kroblin LLP 
9100 Port of Sale Mall 
Suite 15 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Office: 
Fax: 
Notice: This communication may contain privileged or other confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient. or believe that you have received this 
communication in error, please do not print. copy, re-transmit, disseminate, or otherwise use this information. Also. please indicate to the sender that you have 
received this e-mail in error, and delete the copy you received. Thank you. 
Circular 230: To ensure compliance with the requirements imposed by the IRS. we inform you that any tax advice contained in our communication (including any 
attachments) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used. for the purpose of (i) avoiding any tax penalty or (ii) promoting, marketing or 
recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
EFTA01137258

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137259.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137259.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Twitter <n-wrrinpngvba=tznvy.pbz-4fF5d®postmasteriwitter.com> 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: jeffrey epstein, here's what's happening on Twitter 
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2013 21:10:23 +0000 
Jeffrey epstein, 
Here's what's trending on Twitter this week. 
Rembert Browne @rernt)eri 
In case you were wondering, yes, a picture of Tyrese did 
make it into the awesome Jordan piece by 
@wrightthompson. espn.go.comiespnistory/jp 
OTL: Michael Jordan Has Not Left The Building 
As he reaches his 50th birthday. MJ is still looking for one 
more ass to kick 
;a 
Le a 
::ELATED TWEETS 
Danny Meyer @dhmeyer 
"@MikeBloomberg: 11 Reasons to Start a Company in 
NYC: bit.ly/15spw3x (via @MadeinNY @BuzzFeed)" 
Missing #12: Top resto city in US! 
Reasons To Start A Company In New York City 
If you think San Francisco is the only place where you can 
start a tech business, we're happy to tell you that you're 
mistaken. Here are a few reasons to set your entrepreneurial 
sights on ... 
Di 
wal 
RELATED TWEETS 
Feb 
Dave Itzkoff @ditzkoff 
It's official: Les Miserables is coming back to Broadway in 
March 2014. No Anne Hathaway. (For now.) 
nyti.ms/Y6QGHY 
'Les Miserables' Coming Back to Broadway Next 
Year 
A new stage version of the blockbuster musical will open on 
Broadway in March 2014, the producer Cameron Mackintosh 
said. 
;.: 
RELATED TWEETS 
Feb 
EFTA01137259
--- PAGE 2 ---
Azi Paybarah 
"fabric of politics has always been gossip, jokes, crazy 
personality (&) memes" "Dukakis in the tank, that's a meme" 
nyti.ms/12qD5B3 
Ben Smith, The Boy Wonder of Buzzfeed 
Ben Smith shocked many when he left Politico to take the top 
editorial job at the Web site BuzzFeed, where he has shown 
that politics and cat GIFs can happily coexist. 
RELATED TWEETS 
Heather Haddon @heatherhaddon 
"Gov. Cuomo was raised by a Sicilian mother and so was I," 
says @GovChristie . "A lot of our values are the same." 
Charlemagne Tha God
K Michelle on breakfastclubam power1051 this morning 
instagr.am/pN6ZEZPzNch/ 
17; 
RETWEETS 
BurgerKing (it:Bur:Jerky c 
Interesting day here at BURGER KING®, but we're back! 
Welcome to our new followers. Hope you all stick around! 
Ian Rapoport @RapSheet 
#Giants owner John Mara tells me his team will "probably 
not" administer the franchise tag to any player. 
GI; GI; 
Feb 
Feb 
Feb 
Feb 
Feb 
Don't miss out. Stay up to date on what's happening. 
Go to Twitter 
Forgot your Twitter password? Get instructions on how to reset it. 
You can also unsubscribe from these emails or change your notification settings. Need help? 
If you received this message in error and did not sign up for Twitter. click not my account. 
Twitter. Inc. 1355 Market St.. Suite 900 San Francisco. CA 94103 
EFTA01137260

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137261.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137261.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2013 21:32:43 +0000 
Attachments: 130213aStBarth_050phjpg 
EFTA01137261

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137262.pdf
----------------------------------------
_ vit .A•e_
• 
;#90--...ar 
et": 
A.. 
vi • , 
r 
,/ • * • 
.7\
• 
EFTA01137262

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137263.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137263.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com)" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Timber-my original writeup 
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2013 22:29:20 +0000 
Attachments: img-220164606-0001.pdf 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_9_XRX_COPYROOM_Cl [mailto: 
Sent: Wednesday, February 20, 2013 4:46 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 10 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 9 XII.X COPYROOM Cl 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com/ 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01137263

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137264.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
We have been presented with an opportunity to participate with the Molpus 
Woodlands Group in a purchase of 91,000 acres of timberland in Texas, Arkansas and 
Louisiana. The total purchase price is $175 mil. Molpus will place $130-140 mil of the 
assets in their Sustainable Woodlands Fund II. The fund, which is slated to close later this 
year, is targeted to be $300 mil in size. Molpus seeks to achieve greater diversification 
for their investors and therefore is looking to place the balance of these assets purchased 
in a separate account for another investor. The seller, Anthony Timberlands has been 
active in the timber business for seven generations and was, at one point, one of the 
largest timber owners in the US. After their last management transition in 2004, the 
company became acquisitive to insure an adequate wood supply for their growing mill 
system. The mill system specialized in value added products for residential housing 
markets such as glue trimmed arches and beams. With the downturn in the housing 
market, their mills slipped into a loss position. This, combined with the debt burden taken 
on to do the acquisitions, prompted Anthony to put both the timberland and mill system 
up for sale in 2008. They struck a deal but late in the year the deal fell through. As 
Anthony attempted to pursue another transaction it was evident that the mill system 
carried a negative value in any deal they might do and so Anthony decided to keep the 
mills rather than sell the mills into such a depressed environment. Proceeds from the sale 
of the timberland will insure that the mills will survive the current downturn. 
Why Timber? 
During 2002-2008 there was a significant transfer of timberland ownership from 
corporate and private ownership into institutional hands. Escalating prices as the transfer 
progressed reflected strong demand for 'real asset' investments by institutions. 
Timberland values held firmly and actually rose rA in 2008 despite weakened lumber 
markets and broader capital market distress. Timber consumption is estimated to have 
declined 40% since 2005 due to the downturn in residential housing and lumber prices 
are off 56% from their high. Supporters say timberland owners were 'looking through' 
the current period of weakness but it is also likely that this was because, unlike many 
other parts of our capital markets, timber owners typically do not employ leverage and so 
the financial crisis simply had less impact here. Additionally, the market was supported 
by the discipline of timber owners across the industry who curtailed harvesting trees 
from their lands rather than sell into a market where end demand was weak. Supply of 
byproducts including pulp and woodchips for the paper industry has declined with these 
lower harvest levels resulting in relatively stable prices for these products. This approach 
to dealing with the downcycle of harvesting just enough to cover expenses and meet 
current demand works well for timberland owners because the trees actually become 
more valuable as they continue to grow. Defensiveness through the financial crisis is 
typical of past performance by timber as can be seen in the attached chart. Timber, in the 
past 45 years, has only had 3 down years and has performed well in equity bear markets. 
The substantial flow of institutional funds into timberland drove cap rates for 
acquisitions from 6.25% to 44.25% in the 24 month period through mid 2008. It is 
common knowledge that some of the very buyers who drove cap rates lower are now 
liquidity constrained. Some experts project a decline in timberland prices of 3-5% this 
EFTA01137264
--- PAGE 2 ---
year but Molpus, currently in the midst of doing a 6/30/09 appraisal for the Harvard 
separate account they manage, says they are not seeing evidence supporting any real 
decline. Molpus believes the support level is in the 5-5.5% area currently. Even very 
recently, buying activity on the part of some of the larger TIMOs (Timber Investment 
Management Organizations) has supported cap rates below the 5% rate. The few 
distressed sellers recently have been owners tied to manufacturing facilities that are 
hurting or those with too much leverage (of which Anthony Industry would be one). I 
find it logical to expect that an interruption in the flow of funds into the asset class will 
drive cap rates back to a more attractive range. Whereas I concluded six months ago no 
interest in timber was warranted, the combination of sparse liquidity and some distressed 
sellers should now create attractive entry points for opportunistic buyers. 
Timber is attractive for several reasons. Historical returns are attractive at 13%/yr 
in the 40 years up to 2001 and 15% in 2002-2008. Continuous growth of the stock of 
trees (6-10%/year) lends itself to positive absolute returns. Typically 60% of returns will 
come from biological growth, 33% from product price increases and the balance from the 
sale of lands for higher and better use(HBU). Timber harvested usually generates annual 
cash flow in a 2-4% range depending on the unique characteristics of the stock of trees 
on the property. Several new opportunities with potential to enhance future returns have 
emerged which include use of wood pellets and cellulosic ethanol for biomass as a 
renewable energy source, and potential carbon sequestration and credits as US industry 
goes green. Substantial mineral rights have been discovered under many Southern 
plantations and some woodlands have been deployed into wind farms after the trees are 
cut. The industry's long term supply/demand outlook is positive . Cutting on public 
forestland has been curtailed for many years for environmental reasons. There is a pine 
beetle infestation in British Columbia which is estimated to result in the loss of as much 
of 10% of the wood supply in North America over the next six to eight years. From a 
global perspective, growth in China which is the largest importer of logs in the world 
continues to support demand and an export tax on logs in Russia encouraging internal 
consumption for manufacturing of wood products there will tighten supply. Timber 
historically has been a good inflation hedge and has low correlation with other asset 
classes (see attached exhibit). Importantly, the asset class has attractive tax characteristics 
for individual investors due to depletion credits and the fact that most timber distributions 
represent long term capital gains. 
Why Molpus? 
Molpus Woodlands Group is a firm that has been on the right side on their market 
in terms of transactions. For perspective, Molpus has been a net seller of timberland in 
the U.S. South for the past 18 months as cap rates declined. Molpus began raising money 
for their Fund II in May 2008 but given low cap rates in the market and much 
competition for properties, they only made the first call for capital several months ago 
which they did in anticipation of distressed sale opportunities. Molpus Group was 
founded in 1905 and is managed by a third generation family member. With $lbil AUM, 
while it is not one of the largest TIMOs, the group has an excellent performance record 
which outpaces some of the larger TIMOs like Hancock. There are approximately 20 
TIMOs of which 10 report their results publicly. Molpus' return of 13% per annum 
outpaces the NACREIF industry index return of 9% in the most recent 10 year period. 
EFTA01137265
--- PAGE 3 ---
The Group's Fund I generated a 12.5% return. The firm manages a commingled fund for 
230 investors and separate accounts for five institutional clients which include Harvard 
Management, Kentucky Teachers, and the Citigroup retirement plan. A good timber 
management company will add value through astute purchases of properties, harvestation 
of timber for sale, skillful forest management, active management of property to realize 
HBU sales and the various ECO opportunities mentioned above. At its size, Molpus has 
been able to be nimble and has been ahead of the curve in realizing value through active 
management of their portfolio. The firm is vertically integrated with all core business and 
forestry functions handled or supervised by internal experts. Every Molpus employee has 
35-70% of his comp tied to how actual properties perform. 
Why the Anthony Timberlands transaction? 
The appeal of the property includes the following: 
-94% of the stock on the land is pine plantation 
-75% of the stock is mature timber 
-harvest of mature timber will provide attractive cash flow estimated at 4% over 
the next 10 years which will be taxed at LT cap gains rate 
- a long term supply contract with the seller in which current spot rates have been 
locked in for two years for 70% of the sawtimber they will sell in order to protect 
from further downside in timber prices. After that, prices will reset and be based 
on the industry index. The balance of the wood they sell will be tied to the spot 
market. 
The Molpus Woodlands reps have said this property has greater optionality than any 
property they have looked at in the past ten years stemming from little aggressiveness on 
the part of the Anthony family in actually managing the stock on the land. Anthony's 
management spent much more effort on buying and selling properties for the portfolio. 
Molpus will apply more sophisticated forestry management techniques. Thinning of the 
existing stocks offers short term cash flow. Long term, reseeding and replanting will 
insure the asset is renewed and enhanced in value. Little has been built into the model for 
sale of land for higher and better uses (HBU) due to the current RE environment but 
Molpus created significant value in this way for their investors in the past. Also, typically 
HBU sales are to contiguous landowners. Most times a purchase of 91,000 acres would 
consist of large, concentrated tracts of forest. Because the Anthony team had acquired 
the property through piecemeal purchases over 50 years, this timberland portfolio is very 
fragmented and conducive to HBU sales when the environment improves. In addition 
there is an interstate in Louisiana being built between Little Rock and Shreveport which 
runs through the Anthony Timberlands and ultimately could yield huge opportunity for 
sales to commercial real estate developers. 
The Anthony Timberlands opportunity has been positioned as having a 8.6-12% 
return with extremely conservative assumptions. The `probable' model (see pg 3 of the 
attached) only assumes a return to trend line timber prices in year 6 and no value from 
RE sales or other ancillary opportunities at all. The `possible' model projecting a 12% 
return is more likely the probable. Talking through the opportunity with Molpus 
management, I estimate upside to a 20% level if timber price inflation accelerates and 
property values recover in the 10 year timeframe of this investment. While I have not 
bought timber before, my years following the paper and forest products industry have 
EFTA01137266
--- PAGE 4 ---
served me well in working on this project. It has been an interesting process because 
while Molpus is trying to sell us their services to manage a separate account, they are not 
trying to sell us this property. We would be buying along side of them. They are very 
excited about this opportunity which they secured by way of their long, deep industry 
relationships. 
The strong absolute return and inflation protection characteristics of timber, 
double digit returns which include a 4% annual cash yield over the life of the 
investment (lower in early years) uncorrelated to other asset classes, gives this 
opportunity appeal to me as an anchor type investment in your portfolio. Should we 
decide to do a separate account we would need to set up a special purpose LLC. Molpus 
will use a third party to divide the property proportionately. Fees include a management 
fee of 1.0% and a 15% incentive fee over a 7% return. Ongoing annual expenses related 
to replanting, property taxes, and general forestry practices run an additional 1.5%. While 
a separate account should allow for negotiation on the management fee, my contacts have 
indicated that this would be limited at the level of investment we'd be making for this 
purchase and would really only apply with a commitment to make additional investments 
over time. A typical minimum separate account size is $100 mil. A separate account 
would afford the potential to enhance returns through the use of leverage of up to one 
third of the purchase price. Cost of fixed rate leverage looks to be in the 6-6 'A% range 
but will require some recourse since early year cash flow may not be sufficient to cover 
debt service. We also have the option of investing in the commingled SWF II which in 
many ways is more efficient and will allow greater diversification. The risks involved in 
investing in timber include natural hazards of fire, wind, insects, and environmental 
regulation. For these reasons, geographic, species, and property diversification within a 
timber portfolio is important. While the Anthony Timberlands properties offer 
diversification across three states they are almost entirely pine in species. 
Eileen Alexanderson 
6/1/09 
EFTA01137267
--- PAGE 5 ---
Update- Investment with Molpus Woodlands Group 
In a final round of due diligence, I visited Molpus at their Jackson, Mississippi 
headquarters last week. I come back with positive feedback and confirmation of my 
recommendation to invest with them. Previous to my visit, I had extensive conference 
calls with management and meetings with representatives of Molpus Woodlands 
Advisors. During my visit, I met with all key members of the management team(the 
agenda from my visit is attached). The management group is smart, focused, hard 
working, motivated, and creative. It was evident to me that a key driver of superior 
returns compared to other TIMOs is the inhouse vertical integration of their structure 
which allows value to be added at each step of the management process. 
As I originally outlined, the Anthony Timberlands transaction is a large investment 
relative to the size of the commingled fund SWF II. Management sought a separate 
account investor for part of the purchase. We chose not to do a separate account. I have 
confirmed the other interested party was Harvard but they were not able to liquefy funds 
needed to do a deal. Since then, Molpus was approached by two public traded REITs who 
are interested in doing asset swaps. The Anthony property has a large amount of mature 
timber. This is attractive to these RElTs that need mature timber to cut to support their 
dividends. The most likely case now is that some sort of swap will be done coincident 
with the purchase closing whereby Anthony or SWF H will swap mature timber for 
younger tracts that will provide the desired geographic and species diversification for the 
fund. 
As we submit our subscription, we will need to transfer 15% of our commitment (this is 
the level called to date from early investors in the fund) plus a catchup interest charge . 
Much of the balance of our $20 mil commitment will likely be called sometime this Fall. 
The amount will be a function of timing of the Anthony purchase and the ultimate size of 
SWF II at the final close on October Vt. 
EDA 7/13/09 
EFTA01137268
--- PAGE 6 ---
Adjusting Near-term Harvests to Protect 
Timber Value 
• Reducing sawlog harvests in 
response to low prices 
• Increased pulpwood harvests 
to capture attractive prices 
• Lower near-term cash flow 
but superior NPV decision 
PlumCreek 
S50 
$40 
a) 
vc9)
E S30 
o
Softwood sawlog 
$20 
Softwood pulpwood 
a. 
$10 
$o 
8 8 8 8 8 8 8 
Source: Timber Mart.South 
EFTA01137269
--- PAGE 7 ---
Timber consistently outperformed the S&P in Bear Market conditions 
Bearish investors may benefit from an allocation to timberland 
55.2% 
20.7% 
47.1% 
2.5% 
10.6% 
-14.7% 
-50% 
1969 
1973 
1974 
1977 
1981 
1990 
1994 
2000 
2001 
2002 
2008 
-26.5% 
-7.2% 
-4.9% 
-3.2% 
Evo 
-11.9% 
1.9% 
9.2% 
-37.0% 
■ S&P 500 
N Timberland 
Source:1969-1987: HTRG Research Notes 2003, 1987-2008: NCREIF annual return data & S&P 500 annual returns. 
EFTA01137270
--- PAGE 8 ---
Why Invest in Timberland? 
Strong risk/return features 
Annualized Return (%/year) 
16% 
14% 
12% 
10% 
8% 
6% 
4% 
Return & Standard Deviation (1977-2008)' 
Source. NTRG Research 
Small Cap 
Equities 
U.S. Timberland 
• 
Commercial Real 
Fstate 
S&P 500 
Non-U.S. 
• 
• Equities 
• 
Long-Term Corporate Bond? 
Public Forest 
Product Companies 
• 
U.S. Treasury Bills 
• 
0% 
J
Hancock 
Timber 
Remarry(' 
Group' 
5% 
10% 
15% 
Standard Deviation (%/year) 
20% 
25% 
ta'a for interlaM rearms refer to Jahn Hancock Timberland Index for 1977.1986, NCREIF Timberland Index for 
1987-2008 Past returns are rot a guarantee of future results. ooterhal for prof: as well as la loss exists. 
ink We d...4.4.1.•••••••••• Korina.•.••• • 
EFTA01137271
--- PAGE 9 ---
Why Invest in Timberland? 
Negative correlation with traditional assets 
Historical $US Correlations with Timberland (1977-2008)* 
Commercial Real Estate 
-0.02
S&P 500 
10.03 
Small Cap Equities 
0.11 
Non-U.S. Equities 
I. 0.10 
Public Forest Product Companies 
-0.13 
Long-Term Corporate Bonds 
-0.34 
U.S. Treasury Bills 
-0.18 
Intiation 
0.27 
-0.5 
-0.25 
0.25 
0.5 
Source: HTRG Research 
 Hancock 
Timber 
Resource 
Group' 
'Data for trnberland rearm refer to John Hama* Trnberland Index for 1977-1986, NCREIF Timberland Index for 1987.2008. 
Past returns are note guarantee of titure results: potential for proFt as well as for loss exists. 
NWe 
EFTA01137272
--- PAGE 10 ---
Catalysts on the Horizon 
Housing Starts in 000s 
*Plum Creek 
1,800 
1,600 
BieFuels 
Entrants 
Carbon 
Market 
Underway 
Canadian n 
Supply 
1,400 
BioPower 
Entrants 
1,200 
Housing 
Recovery 
1,000 
800 
600 
400
i
t 
2007 2008 2009 2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Source: Blue Chip Economic Consensus 
EFTA01137273

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137274.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Steven Sinofsky  
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: vesting 
Date: Thu, 21 Feb 2013 00:38:31 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: Vesting.pdf 
Inline-Images: Image478.png; Image162.png 
here's the 15M as a vesting schedule -- your original guidance was "let's ask for their $5 
there is a good idea here in terms of just asking for this vest amount -- there's already a 
can accelerate all your vesting upon retirement. So in essence the exception they make 
compensation amount. The SEC form just reads "accelerate vesting of shares at market 
or better November 12). 
Date 
wl Shares
8/31/2013 
7,900 
8/31/2013 
56,681 
8/31/2013 
47,368 
8/31/2013 
49,643 
8/31/2013 
55,159 
8/31/2014 
47,369 
8/31/2014 
49,643 
8/31/2014 
55,159 
8/31/2015 
49,644 
8/31/2015 
55,159 
8/31/2016 
55,159 
5213,8844
at 28/share pre tax total is 
$14,808,752 
plus this 15". I think 
policy that at 55 you 
is to this policy, not any 
on date of agreement" 
I do lose a lot if they pick a strike date of 12/31 (which is my official last date as per SEC). The stock dropped 
more that $1 the day after I announced. It hit a real low on 12/31. There's a $1.51 spread from 11/12 to 
12/31. That's getting close to $1M. 
The stock price has not gotten back to what it was at the close before I left. :-) 
EFTA01137274
--- PAGE 2 ---
11/12/2012 
78.22 
11/13/2012 
27.09 
11/14/2012 
26.84 
11/15/2012 
26,66 
11/16/2012 
26.52 
11/19/2012 
26.73 
11/20/2012 
26.71 
11/21/2012 
26.95 
11/23/2012 
27.70 
11/26/2012 
27.39 
11/27/2012 
27.03 
11/Z3/2012 
27.36 
11/29/7012 
26.95 
11/3W2011 
26.62 
12/3/2012 
26.43 
12/- 2012 
26.37 
12/5/2012 
26.67 
12/6/2012 
26.73 
12/7/2012 
26.46 
12/10/2012 
26.94 
12/11/2012 
27.32 
12/12/2012 
27.24 
12/13/2012 
27.11 
12/1O2012 
26.81 
12/17/2012 
27.10 
12/18/2012 
27.56 
/2/1W20/2 
27.31 
12/20/2012 
27.68 
12/21/2012 
27.45 
12/24/2012 
27.06 
12/2W2012 
26.86 
12./27/2012 
26.96 
12/ 28.12012. 
26.55 
12/31/2012 
26.71, 
Sent from Surface RT 
EFTA01137275

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137276.pdf
----------------------------------------
Date 
Shares 
8/31/2013 
7,900 
8/31/2013 
56,681 
8/31/2013 
47,368 
8/31/2013 
49,643 
8/31/2013 
55,159 
8/31/2014 
47,369 
8/31/2014 
49,643 
8/31/2014 
55,159 
8/31/2015 
49,644 
8/31/2015 
55,159 
8/31/2016 
55,159 
528,884 
at 28/share pre tax total is 
$14,808,752 
EFTA01137276

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137277.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Ting, Jess" cfl 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Donation 
Date: Thu, 21 Feb 2013 09:40:27 +0000 
Attachments: MSSM_W-9_Form_3-14-12.pdfi ATT00001.htm 
See attached PDF for Payee and tax ID for mount sinai 
And again, thank you for your incredible generosity. 
Also please note that the medical school routinely "taxes" donations by about 15-20%. I have asked them to 
exempt your donation from this tax by saying that you did not wish to have your donation taxed (I hope you 
don't mind my taking the liberty to do that). I have successfully done this in the past. 
Jess Ting 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Kwan, Alice" <alice.kwan®mountsinai.orrmailto:alice.kwan@mountsinai.org>> 
Date: February 20, 2013, 12:34:42 PM EST 
To: "Ting, Jess" <=1
1<mailto:Mil
l>> 
Subject: RE: Donation 
Dr. Ting, 
I will find out about the exemption. Please see attached W-9 form for Mount Sinai (tax ID and payee) 
Also Dr. Germain is planning to terminate Emily Harris due to no new funds. But can this new donation continue 
to support Emily until she leaves for medical school? Please advise as I will need to submit paperwork for Emily 
asap. 
Thanks, 
Alice 
Original Message 
From: Ting, Jess 
Sent: Wednesday, February 20, 2013 7:27 AM 
To: Kwan, Alice 
Subject: Donation 
I have a donation coming in from a new source. But they will only make the contribution if the dean exempts 
them from the customary tax on donations. It is earmarked for my research with Doris Germain. 
Whom do I ask about the Dean's tax? And what are the details of the check? Tax ID and payee etc?? 
Thanks!! 
Jess Ting 
EFTA01137277

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137278.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 
(Rev. December 2011) 
Depertmere or de Thesury 
Internal Revenue Sernce 
Request for Taxpayer 
Identification Number and Certification 
Give Form to the 
requester, Do not 
send to the IRS. 
Print or type 
See Specific Instructions on page 2. 
Nam s shown on your InOOMI tag return) 
MOUNT SINAI SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
Exempt payee 
&eine= name/dIsregened witty name, if afferent from abase 
Chock appropriate 
Individual/sole 
cox for federal tax otessireatiox 
proprietor 
taCCorlacreson 
S Collsoraca 
Dnannotelie I i I rust/erste 
company. Enter !no tax classification (
C emaciation, S=S carp:ration e=pannarsn p) e 
v. 
• 
Limited Ilablity 
M
I
Other (see ire:auctions) 
Address (number. street, and act or are no.) 
Gustave L Levy Place 
Requesters name and edema (optional) 
City, state, ad ZIP code 
New York, NY 10029 
List account nurnber(s) here (optional) 
Part 1 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your 11N In the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on the "Name" he 
to avo d backup withholding. For Individuals, MIS is your social seetilty number (SSN). However, for • 
resident alien, sole propnetor. or &regarded entity, see the Pat I instructions on page 3. For other 
entitles, It Is your employer identification number (EN). II you do not have a number. see How to got a 
TIN on page 3. 
Note. If the rear Is In more than one name, see the chart on page 4 for guidelines on vinose 
number to enter. 
Part 
Certification 
I &eclat security number 
 1111111110 
Under penalties of putty, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form b my correct taxpayer Identification number (or I em wailing for a number to be lasted to me), and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholeing because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to wort all interest or dindends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I an 
no longer subject to backup withhoking, and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. Portion (defined below). 
Certification instructions. You must cross out Item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withnoldirg 
because you have failed to report al interest and dividends on your tax return. For real estate transactions, Item 2 does not apply. For mortgage 
interest paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured p 
cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retrement arrangement OM, and 
generaty, payments Mbar than Interest and 
you 
not required to sign the certification. but you must provide your correct TIN. See the 
instructions on page 4. 
Sign 
asoastic„r 
Here 
U.S. person e 
General Instructions 
Section references we ea the Internal Revenue Code Unless dthelwtso 
noted. 
Purpose of Form 
A person who la required to fee an information return with the IRS must 
obtain your correct taxpayer identification number (TIN) to report, for 
example, income paid to you. real estate transactions, mortgage interest 
you paid, acquisition or abandonment of seared property, cancellation 
of debt, or contribtalons you made to an IRA 
Use Form W-9 only if you em a U.S. person (Including a resident 
alien), to provide your correct TIN to the person requesting It (the 
requester) and. when applicable, to: 
1. Certify that the TIN you are giving b correct (or you aro waiting for a 
number to be issued). 
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding, at 
3. Claim exemption from backup wIthnolding if you are a U.S. exempt 
payee. If applicable, you are also cutting that as a U.S. person, your 
allocable share of any partnership ncome from a U.S. trade or business 
is not &nice! to tee viltnholdng tax on foreign partners share or 
effectively connected income. 
3/14/2012 
Date II. 
Note. II a requester gives you a form other than Form W-9 to request 
your TIN, you must use the requester's form if a Is substantially similar 
to figs Form W-9. 
Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax purposes. you are 
considered a U.S. person If you are: 
• M individual who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident elan, 
• A partnership, corporation. company. or association created or 
organized In the United States or under the laws of the United States, 
• Ni estate (other than a foreign estate), or 
• A domestic trust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701.7). 
Special rules for partnerships. Partnersits that conduct a trade or 
business in the United States are generally required to pay a withholong 
tax on any foreign partners' share of Income from such business. 
Further, in certain cases where a Form W-9 has not been received, a 
partnership Is required to presume that a partner is a foreign person. 
and pay the withholding tax. TherefOre, If you are a U.S. person that Is a 
partner in a partnership conducting a trade or business in the United 
States, provide Form W-9 to the partnership to establish your U.S. 
status and avoid criticizing on your share of partnership ncome. 
Cat. No. 102SIX 
Form W-9 (Rev. 12-2011) 
EFTA01137278

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137279.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 
(Rev. December 2011) 
Depertmere or de Thesury 
Internal Revenue Sernce 
Request for Taxpayer 
Identification Number and Certification 
Give Form to the 
requester, Do not 
send to the IRS. 
Print or type 
See Specific Instructions on page 2. 
Nam s shown on your InOOMI tag return) 
MOUNT SINAI SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
Exempt payee 
&eine= name/dIsregened witty name, if afferent from abase 
Chock appropriate 
Individual/sole 
cox for federal tax otessireatiox 
proprietor 
taCCorlacreson 
S Collsoraca 
Dnannotelie I i I rust/erste 
company. Enter !no tax classification (
C emaciation, S=S carp:ration e=pannarsn p) e 
v. 
• 
Limited Ilablity 
M
I
Other (see ire:auctions) 
Address (number. street, and act or are no.) 
Gustave L Levy Place 
Requesters name and edema (optional) 
City, state, ad ZIP code 
New York, NY 10029 
List account nurnber(s) here (optional) 
Part 1 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your 11N In the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on the "Name" he 
to avo d backup withholding. For Individuals, MIS is your social seetilty number (SSN). However, for • 
resident alien, sole propnetor. or &regarded entity, see the Pat I instructions on page 3. For other 
entitles, It Is your employer identification number (EN). II you do not have a number. see How to got a 
TIN on page 3. 
Note. If the rear Is In more than one name, see the chart on page 4 for guidelines on vinose 
number to enter. 
Part 
Certification 
I &eclat security number 
Under penalties of putty, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form b my correct taxpayer Identification number (or I em wailing for a number to be lasted to me), and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholeing because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to wort all interest or dindends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I an 
no longer subject to backup withhoking, and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. Portion (defined below). 
Certification instructions. You must cross out Item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withnoldirg 
because you have failed to report al interest and dividends on your tax return. For real estate transactions, Item 2 does not apply. For mortgage 
interest paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured p 
cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retrement arrangement OM, and 
generaty, payments Mbar than Interest and 
you 
not required to sign the certification. but you must provide your correct TIN. See the 
instructions on page 4. 
Sign 
asoastic„r 
Here 
U.S. person e 
General Instructions 
Section references we ea the Internal Revenue Code Unless dthelwtso 
noted. 
Purpose of Form 
A person who la required to fee an information return with the IRS must 
obtain your correct taxpayer identification number (TIN) to report, for 
example, income paid to you. real estate transactions, mortgage interest 
you paid, acquisition or abandonment of seared property, cancellation 
of debt, or contribtalons you made to an IRA 
Use Form W-9 only if you em a U.S. person (Including a resident 
alien), to provide your correct TIN to the person requesting It (the 
requester) and. when applicable, to: 
1. Certify that the TIN you are giving b correct (or you aro waiting for a 
number to be issued). 
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding, at 
3. Claim exemption from backup wIthnolding if you are a U.S. exempt 
payee. If applicable, you are also cutting that as a U.S. person, your 
allocable share of any partnership ncome from a U.S. trade or business 
is not &nice! to tee viltnholdng tax on foreign partners share or 
effectively connected income. 
3/14/2012 
Date II. 
Note. II a requester gives you a form other than Form W-9 to request 
your TIN, you must use the requester's form if a Is substantially similar 
to figs Form W-9. 
Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax purposes. you are 
considered a U.S. person If you are: 
• M individual who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident elan, 
• A partnership, corporation. company. or association created or 
organized In the United States or under the laws of the United States, 
• Ni estate (other than a foreign estate), or 
• A domestic trust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701.7). 
Special rules for partnerships. Partnersits that conduct a trade or 
business in the United States are generally required to pay a withholong 
tax on any foreign partners' share of Income from such business. 
Further, in certain cases where a Form W-9 has not been received, a 
partnership Is required to presume that a partner is a foreign person. 
and pay the withholding tax. TherefOre, If you are a U.S. person that Is a 
partner in a partnership conducting a trade or business in the United 
States, provide Form W-9 to the partnership to establish your U.S. 
status and avoid criticizing on your share of partnership ncome. 
Cat. No. 102SIX 
Form W-9 (Rev. 12-2011) 
EFTA01137279

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137280.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137280

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137281.pdf
----------------------------------------
ay 
le 
I 
EFTA01137281

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137282.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137282.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137282

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137283.pdf
----------------------------------------
irsity School of Medicine 
• 
SECOND FLOOR 
Academic Affairs 
O Geriatric Psychiatry 
.• 
O Medical Psychotherapy 
O Mood Disorders 
O Obsessive-Compulsive Disorders 
O Psychotherapy Clinic 
EFTA01137283

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137284.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137284.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L." <
1=1=> 
To: Florida Science Foundation <jeevacation@gmail.com>, "Dowling, David" 
alla> 
Subject: Breakfast JE/AF 
Date: Mon, 18 Feb 2013 12:39:38 +0000 
Attachments: unnamed 
When: Wednesday, February 20, 2013 8:30 AM-9:30 AM. (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada) 
Where: JE 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any 
information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall 
be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital 
Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island 
Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA01137284

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137285.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Brea kfast J E/AF 
Start Date: 2013-02-20 13:30:00 +0000 
End Date: 2013-02-20 14:30:00 +0000 
Organizer: Farkas, Andrew L. c
> 
Location: JE 
Status: CONFIRMED 
Attendee: Florida Science Foundation <jeevacation@gmail.com>; Dowling, David 
Class: PUBLIC 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-18 12:39:38 +0000 
Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
REMINDER 
When: Wednesday, February 20, 2013 8:30 AM-9:30 AM. (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada) 
Where: JE 
*_*_*_*_*_*_*-,*-,*._* 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of 
the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information 
that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure 
agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any 
information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its 
affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital 
Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA01137285

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137286.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Brea kfast J E/AF 
Start Date: 2013-02-20 13:30:00 +0000 
End Date: 2013-02-20 14:30:00 +0000 
Organizer: Farkas, Andrew L. c
> 
Location: JE 
Status: CONFIRMED 
Attendee: Florida Science Foundation <jeevacation@gmail.com>; Dowling, David 
Class: PUBLIC 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-18 12:39:38 +0000 
Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
REMINDER 
When: Wednesday, February 20, 2013 8:30 AM-9:30 AM. (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada) 
Where: JE 
*_*_*_*_*_*_*-,*-,*._* 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of 
the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information 
that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure 
agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any 
information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its 
affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital 
Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA01137286

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137287.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137287.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137287

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137288.pdf
----------------------------------------
3t: 
•• 
• 
• 
• 
r‘5% 
\ /4.4 fet.
4' d
- 
- 
% 
s _tr....a: 
„ 
„, • 
b 
. 
.1 4,, 
•••• 
fil
- • fir t
a d • 
*Ibie• • 
44.
••••• 
' 
)„„..g. 
yr 
• 
' • 
4-24\ 
. 
psi I
.41 • 
--•••
•-• 
, 4 
,:s•L
EFTA01137288

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137289.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137289

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137290.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
x.f 
t'•:--,-
• 
---"••••• 
EFTA01137290

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137291.pdf
----------------------------------------
\••••• 
• 
•••4 1 
. 
• 
ft3'.
.1;
C7.11;1, 
. 1 ,k! 
;:fir 
r 
EFTA01137291

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137292.pdf
----------------------------------------
te: • 
ti
ficit"-tiliteAt; 
!;fr. 
' 
44. -4.7
.*, 
ci
EFTA01137292

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137293.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137293

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137294.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137294

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137295.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137295

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137296.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137296

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137297.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137297

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137298.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
EFTA01137298

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137299.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137299

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137300.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137300.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137300

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137301.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137301.pdf
----------------------------------------
k+:!.2,1f). t. • 
EFTA01137301

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137302.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 546 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/13/2010 Page 1 of 3 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-8081), 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
 / 
NOTICE OF CLARIFICARTION 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, (hereinafter "EPSTEIN"), by and through 
his undersigned attorneys, hereby files his Notice of Clarification in Connection 
with Defendant's Consolidated Rule 4 Review and Appeal (DE 545). 
I. 
The following sentence on page 25 shall be clarified, and/or 
corrected to read as follows: "To the extent that the Court determines that 
the tax returns are relevant and that there is a compelling need for at least their 
disclosure of Epstein's wealth for punitive damage purposes, Epstein, through his 
attorneys, as per the discussion at the status conferen 
on May 7, 2010, agreed 
to enter a confidential stipulation that his net worth a within nine figures: 
EFTA01137302
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 546 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/13/2010 Page 2 of 3 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is 
being served this day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in 
the manner specified by CM/ECF on this it day of }flay, 2009 
Respectfully su 
By: 
ROGER 
Florida 
om 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
rpoike@bcIclaw,com 
BURMAN, CRM'ON, LUTTIER & 
COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
., ESQ. 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305.931.2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
ssm@sexabuseattornev.corn 
ahorowltvase.xabuseattomov.com 
Counsel for Plaintiffs 
In related Cases No& 08-80069, 08-80119, 
08-80232, 08-80384 08-80381, 08-80993, 
08-80994 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Fanner, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos 
& Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Avenue 
Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-524-2820 
Fax: 954-524-2822 
bradepathaziustice,com 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80893 
Paul O. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
EFTA01137303
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 546 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/13/2010 Page 3 of 3 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
jagesq®bellsouth.not 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Estein 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
cassellrelaw.utah.edq
Co-counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Law Finn, P.A. 
224 Datura Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561.832-7137 F 
isidrogarcia®bellsouthmet
Counsel for Plaintiff In Related Case No. 
08-80469 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
305 358-2800 
Fax: 305 358-2382 
dosersberall24toSi 
kezeillapaihurst.com 
Counsel for Plaintiffs In Related Case 
EFTA01137304

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137305.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: 
birtday 
Start Date: 
End Date-
Date Created: 2012-12-26 23:27:38 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-01-01 15:25:32 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: bill melinda st barts 
Start Date: 2013-02-17 
End Date: 2013-02-18 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:14:39 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:14:56 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: gates , ny 
Start Date: 2013-02-28 
End Date: 2013-03-01 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:14:58 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:15:17 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: bill 
Start Date: 2013-02-23 
End Date: 2013-02-24 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:15:18 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:18:20 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: hair, 
Start Date: 2013-02-14 
End Date: 2013-02-15 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:16:50 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:17:11 +0000 
EFTA01137305
--- PAGE 2 ---
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: ehud. larry, 
Start Date: 2013-02-15 
End Date: 2013-02-16 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:17:11 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:17:19 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: woody, palm beach 
Start Date: 2013-02-16 
End Date: 2013-02-17 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:17:20 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:17:38 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: todd, 
Start Date: 2013-02-20 
End Date: 2013-02-21 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:17:38 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:17:44 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: bottsstein 
Start Date: 2013-02-21 
End Date: 2013-02-22 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:17:49 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:18:07 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: ian 
Start Date: 2013-02-14 
End Date: 2013-02-15 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:18:31 +0000 
EFTA01137306
--- PAGE 3 ---
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:18:34 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: terje 
Start Date: 2013-02-18 
End Date: 2013-02-19 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:18:39 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:18:44 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: new york 
Start Date: 2013-03-01 
End Date: 2013-03-02 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:20:03 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:20:56 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: New Event 
Start Date: 2013-03-02 
End Date: 2013-03-03 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:20:17 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:20:17 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: sinofsky 
Start Date: 2013-02-19 
End Date: 2013-02-20 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:21:04 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:21:09 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: 
Start Date: 2013-02-20 
End Date: 2013-02-21 
EFTA01137307
--- PAGE 4 ---
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:22:46 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:22:50 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: benny 
Start Date: 2013-02-19 
End Date: 2013-02-20 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:22:56 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:23:00 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: reid brekfast 
Start Date: 2013-02-16 
End Date: 2013-02-17 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:23:04 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:23:10 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event:Ewa sh ington 
Start Date: 2013-02-15 
End Date: 2013-02-16 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:23:36 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:23:42 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: leon 
Start Date: 2013-02-19 
End Date: 2013-02-20 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:23:48 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:23:52 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: eileen 
Start Date: 2013-02-15 
EFTA01137308
--- PAGE 5 ---
End Date: 2013-02-16 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:23:55 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:23:59 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: 
dress, 
Start Date: 2013-02-19 
End Date: 2013-02-20 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:25:21 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:25:27 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: 
Start Date: 2013-02-15 
End Date: 2013-02-16 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:25:31 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:25:36 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: tancredi, 
Start Date: 2013-02-24 
End Date: 2013-02-25 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:25:42 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:27:47 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: axel 
Start Date: 2013-02-15 
End Date: 2013-02-16 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:27:47 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:27:52 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: ben , kosslyn 
EFTA01137309
--- PAGE 6 ---
Start Date: 2013-02-22 
End Date: 2013-02-23 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:28:44 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:29:01 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: 
Start Date: 2013-02-14 
End Date: 2013-02-15 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:40:05 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:40:10 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: kossyn bach 
Start Date: 2013-02-09 
End Date: 2013-02-10 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:40:27 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 10:51:09 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: barnaby 
Start Date: 2013-02-10 
End Date: 2013-02-11 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:40:32 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 22:54:32 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: woody paris 
Start Date: 2013-03-24 
End Date: 2013-03-25 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:48:37 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:48:44 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
EFTA01137310
--- PAGE 7 ---
Event: woody return. 
Start Date: 2013-04-01 
End Date: 2013-04-02 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:48:50 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:48:56 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: 
daneil jack„ hermes, 
Start Date: 2013-03-25 
End Date: 2013-03-26 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:48:57 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:49:16 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: New Event 
Start Date: 2013-03-25 
End Date: 2013-03-26 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:49:17 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:49:17 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: joscha bach, michel, 
Start Date: 2013-03-26 
End Date: 2013-03-27 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:49:23 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:49:35 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: New Event 
Start Date: 2013-03-27 
End Date: 2013-03-28 
Date Created: 2013-02-09 01:49:35 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-09 01:49:35 +0000 
EFTA01137311
--- PAGE 8 ---
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: Slayton in la 
Start Date: 2013-02-25 
End Date: 2013-02-26 
Location: La 
Date Created: 2013-02-11 00:24:05 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-11 00:24:10 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event: yfke 
Start Date: 2013-02-14 
End Date: 2013-02-15 
Date Created: 2013-02-11 00:24:19 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-11 00:24:22 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
Event:-
Start Date: 2013-02-14 
End Date: 2013-02-15 
Date Created: 2013-02-11 00:24:26 +0000 
DTSTAMP: 2013-02-11 00:24:30 +0000 
Alarm: Play an alarm 15h before start 
EFTA01137312

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137313.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4'h Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
email: 
CERTIFIED MAIL 
RETURN RECEIPT REQUFSTFD 
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
Tower Place 
Albany, NY 12203-3764 
February 11, 2013 
Re: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein - Offender ID 33216 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
In connection with the registration in New York of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, Offender ID 33216, as 
a sex offender, this is to advise you of the creation of a new website called 
www.jeffreyepsteininternational.com" 
and of the user name for that website 
"jeffreyepsteinfoundation". 
Please note that this new website is an addition made by a third party Internet reputation 
management service provider retained by Mr. Epstein. These third party service providers 
independently create Internet accounts, websites, blog sites, associated email addresses and 
other web-based accounts and content concerning Mr. Epstein, but which are neither 
created nor used by Mr. Epstein. Out of an abundance of caution, however, Mr. Epstein has 
been disclosing and will continue to disclose such internet-related information, and any 
changes and additions thereto, as and when the same is disclosed to him by such third party 
reputation management service providers. 
This is also to advise you of the sale of the following boat which will no longer be subject to 
use by Mr. Epstein: 
Boat 
Boat 
Registration 
Hull ID 
Property 
Boat Name 
Number 
Number 
Location 
1984 40' Logical Catamaran 
Lady G 
0259-TC 
D1056602 
LSJ 
EFTA01137313
--- PAGE 2 ---
Consistent with your prior instructions, Mr. Epstein has signed and dated this letter in the 
space provided below to confirm the addition of the new website and the sale of the "Lady 
G" as discussed above. 
If  require any further information, please feel free to call me at my office, 
or on my mobile telephone number, 
Respectfully, 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIRMED: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dated: 
EFTA01137314

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137315.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137315.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn < 
To: "jeffrey E." <jetvacation(erginail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: New Issue $25 Par: First Republic Bank (FRC) Non-Cumulative Perpetual Series F Preferred Stock -
5.75% Area 
Date: The, 19 May 2015 15:19:38 +0000 
Attachments: FRC_-_Bookmarked_PDF.PDF 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York. NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Atlas, Andrew S" 
To: "Richard Kahn 
Subject: New Issue $25 Par: First Republic Bank (FRC) Non-Cumulative Perpetual Series F Preferred Stock -
5.75% Area 
Date: May 19, 2015 at 10:52:47 AM EDT 
Good Morning Rich, 
Here is a new issue $25 Pfd coming today. 
Investment grade, price talk is 5.75% Fixed-for Life. 
Expects to be listed on NYSE...similar issues currently trading are FRC.A and FRC.B 
Let me know if you have any questions. 
Best, 
Andrew 
$25 Par New Issue Syndicate Offering: 
First Republic Bank (FRC) 
Issuer: 
First Republic Bank (FRC) 
Securities Offered: 
Depositary Shares each Representing a 1140th interest in a Share of % 
Noncumulative Perpetual Series F Preferred Stock 
Size: 
$100mm (4mm shares) 
Expected Ratings: 
Baa3 / BBB-
Format: 
SEC Registered 
Maturity: 
Perpetual 
Price Talk: 
5.75% Area; Fixed-for-Life 
Offer Price: 
$25.00 per depositary share 
EFTA01137315
--- PAGE 2 ---
Dividends: 
Payable quarterly in arrears when, as and if declared by our board of directors (or a 
duly authorized committee thereof), at a rate per annum equal to %. If declared, 
dividends will 
be paid on the 30th day of each March, June, September and December, or, if any 
such date is not a business day, the immediately preceding business day, 
commencing on June 30, 2015. 
We may redeem the Series F Preferred Stock at our option, for cash, (i) either in 
Callable: 
whole or in part, from time to time, on or after June 30,2020, upon not less than 30 
days' and not 
more than 60 days' notice ("Optional Redemption"), or (ii) in whole but not in part, at 
any time within 90 days following a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event (as defined 
herein) (Regulatory Event Redemption"). (See Red). 
Use of Proceeds: 
For general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, funding 
loans or purchasing investment securities for our portfolio. 
DRD/ODI Eligible: 
Yes 
Subject to US Tax Withholding for 
Yes 
NRA Clients: 
Listing: 
NYSE Expected; Symbol "FRC•PrF" 
Bookrunners: 
BofAML / MS / WFS 
Settle: 
T+5 
Timing: 
Today's Business 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial Advisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan Complex 
1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 
Tel/Direct: 
I Fax. 
Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any security or commodity. Unfortunately, we cannot execute 
such instructions provided in e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this e-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have received this communication in 
error. please destroy all electronic and paper copies and notify the sender immediately. Erroneous transmission is not intended to waive 
confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, to the extent permitted under applicable law. to monitor electronic 
communications. This message is subject to terms available at the following link: http:thwatmorganstanley.com/disciaimers/mssbemail.html.
If you cannot access this link. please notify us by reply message and we will send the contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley you 
consent to the foregoing. 
EFTA01137316

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137317.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject to Completion 
Preliminary Offering Circular, dated May 19, 2015 
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
FIRST REPUBLIC BANK 
It a privilege to serve you* 
Depositary Shares Each Representing a 1140th Interest in a Share of 
Noncumulative Perpetual Series F Preferred Stock 
First Republic Bank is offering to sell 
depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th ownership interest in a share of 
% 
Noncumulative Perpetual Series F Preferred Stock, with a liquidation preference of 51,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share) 
(the "Series F Prekrred Stock"). The depositary shares are represented by depositary receipts. As a holder of depositary shares, you will be 
entitled to all proportional rights and preferences of the Series F Preferred Stock (including dividend. voting, redemption and liquidation 
rights). You must exercise such rights through the depositary. 
Dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock will be payable quarterly in arrears when. as and if declared by our board of directors (or a duly 
authorized committee thereof). at a rate per annum equal to 
%. If declared, dividends will be paid on the 30th day of each March. June, 
September and December. or, if any such date is not a business day, the immediately preceding business day, commencing on June 30.2015. 
Dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock will not be cumulative. If dividends are not declared on the Series F Preferred Stock for 
payment on any dividend payment date, those dividends will not accrue or be payable, and if we have not declared a dividend before the 
dividend payment date for any dividend period. we will have no obligation to pay dividends for that dividend period, whether or not dividends 
on the Series F Preferred Stock arc declared for any future dividend period. 
We may redeem the Series F Preferred Stock at our option, for cash. (i) either in whole or in pan. from time to time, on or after June 30. 
2020. with not less than 30 days' and not more than 60 days' notice. or (ii) in whole but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a 
Regulatory Capital Treatment Event (as defined herein), in each case at a redemption price of 51.000 per share (equivalent to S25 per depositary 
share), plus the suni of any declared and unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods and accrued but unpaid and undeclared dividends for the 
then-current dividend period to the redemption date. Under current regulatory capital rules, we would need regulatory approval to redeem the 
Series F Preferred Stock. If we redeem any of the Series F Preferred Stock, the depositary will redeem a proportionate number of depositary 
shares. The Series F Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights, except as set forth under "Description of Series F Preferred Stock—Voting 
Rights" beginning on page 20 of this OtTering Circular. 
We have applied to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "FRC-Ptf." If the application is 
vproved, trading of the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange is expected to begin within 30 days after the date of initial 
delivery of the depositary shares. Shares of the Series F Preferred Stock will not be listed. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock 
Exchange under the symbol "FRC." 
Investing in our depositary shares involves risks. See the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 9 of this offering 
circular and beginning on page 28 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31 2014, and other documents 
incorporated by reference in this offering circular. 
THIS DOCUMENT CONSTITUTES PART OF AN OFFERING CIRCULAR COVERING SECURITIES THAT ARE EXEMPT 
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, PURSUANT TO SECTION 3(A)(2) 
THEREOF. NONE OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE 
CORPORATION, THE CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS OVERSIGHT'S DIVISION OF FINANCIAL 
INSTITUTIONS OR ANY OTHER FEDERAL OR STATE REGULATORY BODY HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF 
THESE SECURITIES OR PASSED UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
OUR DEPOSITARY SHARES ARE NOT SAVINGS ACCOUNTS, DEPOSITS OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS OF ANY BANK, 
ARE NOT INSURED BY THE FEDERAL. DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL 
AGENCY, AND ARE SUBJECT TO INVESTMENT RISKS, INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE LOSS OF THE ENTIRE AMOUNT 
YOU INVEST. 
Per 
Depositary Share 
Total 
Public offering price  
525.0000 
$ 
Underwriting discounts (1)  
$ 
$ 
Proceeds, before expenses, to us (I)  
$ 
$ 
(1) The underwriting discount of S 
per depositary share will be deducted from the public offering price, except that for sales to 
certain institutions, the underwriting discount deducted will be S 
per depositary share, and to the extent of those sales. the total 
underwriting discounts will be less than the total shown above, and the total proceeds (before expenses) to us will be more than the total 
shown above. 
The underwriters may also exercise their option to purchase up to an additional 
depositary shares at the public offering price 
less the underwriting discount, for 30 days after the date of this offering circular. 
The underwriters expect to deliver the depositary shares in book-entry form only. through the facilities of The Depository Trust 
Company ("DTC"), against payment on or about May , 2015. 
BofA Merrill Lynch 
Joint Book-Running Managers 
Morgan Stanley 
Wells Fargo Securities 
The date of this offering circular is May , 2015 
EFTA01137317
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01137318
--- PAGE 3 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
About This Offering Circular  
ii 
Available Information  
ii 
Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference  
iii 
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward•Looking Statements  
iii 
Offering Circular Summary  
Risk Factors  
Use of Proceeds  
Capitalization  
Description of Series F Preferred Stock  
Description of Depositary Shares  
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations  
Certain ERISA Considerations  
Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest)  
Validity of Securities  
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
EFTA01137319
--- PAGE 4 ---
ABOUT THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR 
You should rely only on the information contained in this offering circular and any supplement or 
addendum, including any documents incorporated by reference herein or therein, that may be provided to you. 
Neither we nor the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide you with additional or different information. 
The underwriters are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, our depositary shares only in jurisdictions where 
such offers and sales are permitted. The information in this offering circular and any supplement or addendum, 
including any documents incorporated by reference herein or therein, is accurate only as of the dates thereof, 
regardless of the time of delivery of this offering circular or any such supplement or addendum or the time of any 
sale of our depositary shares. Our financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, business and prospects may 
have changed since any such date. 
This offering circular is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (as defined below). In 
the United Kingdom, this offering circular is distributed to and only directed at persons (i) who have professional 
experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) (investment professionals) of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended) (the "Order"); (ii) who 
are high net worth companies, unincorporated associations and other persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) 
of the Order; or (iii) to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated in accordance with the Order (all such 
persons falling within (i)-(iii) together being referred to as "relevant persons"). The Shares (as defined below) are 
only available to, and an invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe or otherwise acquire the Shares will be 
engaged only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this 
offering circular or any of its content. 
As used throughout this offering circular, the terms "First Republic," the "Bank." "we." "our" and "us" 
mean, as the context requires: 
• 
First Republic Bank, a Nevada-chartered commercial bank (the predecessors of which had been in 
existence since 1985) before its acquisition in September 2007 by Merrill Lynch Bank & Trust 
Company, F.S.B. ("MLFSB"). a subsidiary of Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. ("Merrill Lynch"), together 
with all subsidiaries then-owned by First Republic Bank; 
• 
The First Republic division within MLFSB following the September 2007 acquisition and the First 
Republic division within Bank of America. N.A. ("BANA"), a subsidiary of Bank of America 
Corporation ("Bank of America"), following MLFSB's merger into BANA, effective as of November 
2009, in each case including all subsidiaries acquired by MLFSB as part of the September 2007 
acquisition; and 
• 
First Republic Bank, a California•chartered commercial bank, which acquired the First Republic 
division of BANA effective upon the close of business on June 30, 2010, including all subsidiaries 
acquired by First Republic Bank in connection with this acquisition. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
We are subject to the information reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (the "Exchange Act"), as administered and enforced by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the 
"FDIC"), and we are subject to FDIC rules promulgated thereunder. Consequently, we file annual, quarterly and 
current reports, proxy statements and other information with the FDIC, copies of which are made available to the 
public over the Internet at httpdAnsw2.fdic.goviefri You may also inspect and copy any document we file with 
the FDIC at the public reference facilities maintained by the FDIC at the Accounting and Securities Disclosure 
Section, Division of Risk Management Supervision, 550 17th Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20429. 
EFTA01137320
--- PAGE 5 ---
Copies of the FDIC filings referenced below in "Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference" are also 
available at a website maintained by us at hirpdAvivitirc-offering.com. You may request a copy of these filings at 
no cost by writing or by telephoning us at the following address or telephone number: 
First Republic Bank 
I11 Pine Street, 2nd Floor 
San Francisco, CA 94111 
Attention: Investor Relations 
(415) 392-1400 
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE 
Certain information previously filed with the FDIC has been "incorporated by reference" into this offering 
circular. This means that we disclose important information to you by referring you to other documents filed with 
the FDIC under the Exchange Act. The information incorporated by reference is deemed a part of this offering 
circular. We incorporate by reference into this offering circular the following documents filed with the FDIC 
(other than, in each case, those documents or portions of those documents that are furnished and not filed): 
• 
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31. 2014; 
• 
Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015; 
• 
Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on January 16, 2015, February 13, 2015 (solely with respect to 
Item 5.05 on such date), March 16, 2015 (solely with respect to Items 3.02 and 8.01) and May 13, 
2015; and 
• 
Our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, as supplemented. for the Bank's Annual Meeting of 
Shareholders held on May 12, 2015. 
You may obtain a copy of these filings as described under "Available Information." 
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This offering circular, including the documents that are incorporated by reference, contains forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements in this 
offering circular that are not historical facts are hereby identified as "forward-looking statements" for the purpose 
of the safe harbor provided by Section 21E of the Exchange Act Any statements about our expectations, beliefs. 
plans, predictions, forecasts, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and 
may be fonvard-looking. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases 
such as "anticipates," "believes," "can," "could," "may," "predicts," "potential," "should." "will," "estimates," 
"plans," "projects," "continuing," "ongoing," "expects," "intends" and similar words or phrases. Accordingly, 
these statements are only predictions and involve estimates, known and unknown risks, assumptions and 
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Our actual results 
could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of risks and 
uncertainties more fully described under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 9 of this offering circular, in our 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31. 2014 and in our Quarterly Report on Form I0-Q 
for the quarter ended March 31, 2015. Forward-looking statements involving such risks and uncertainties include, 
but are not limited to, statements regarding: 
• 
Significant competition to attract and retain banking and wealth management customers; 
• 
Projections of loans, assets, deposits, liabilities, revenues, expenses, tax liabilities, net income, capital 
expenditures, liquidity, dividends, capital structure or other financial items; 
• 
Expectations regarding the banking and wealth management industries; 
EFTA01137321
--- PAGE 6 ---
• 
The possibility of earthquakes and other natural disasters affecting the markets in which we operate; 
• 
Interest rate risk and credit risk; 
• 
Descriptions of plans or objectives of management for future operations, products or services; 
• 
Our ability to maintain and follow high underwriting standards; 
• 
Forecasts of future economic conditions generally and in our market areas in particular, which may 
affect the ability of borrowers to repay their loans and the value of real property or other property held 
as collateral for such loans; 
• 
Geographic concentration of our operations; 
• 
Our opportunities for growth and our plans for expansion (including opening new offices); 
• 
Expectations about the performance of any new offices; 
• 
Demand for our products and services; 
• 
Projections about loan premiums or discounts and about the amount of intangible assets, as well as 
related tax entries and amortization of recorded amounts; 
• 
Future provisions for loan losses, changes in nonperforming assets, impairment of investments and our 
allowance for loan losses; 
• 
Projections about future levels of loan originations or loan repayments; 
• 
The regulatory environment in which we operate, our regulatory compliance and future regulatory 
requirements, including potential restrictions as a de novo institution and the requirements that become 
applicable to us when the four-quarter average of our total consolidated assets reaches S50 billion; 
• 
Projections regarding increased compliance costs, including the impact on our core efficiency ratio, in 
response to enhanced regulatory requirements, including those requirements that become applicable to 
us when the four-quarter average of our total consolidated assets reaches S50 billion; 
• 
The phase-in of the final capital rules regarding the Basel Committee's "Basel III" December 2010 
framework, changes to the definitions and components of regulatory capital and a new approach for 
risk-weighted assets; 
• 
Legislative and regulatory actions affecting us and the financial services industry, such as the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), including increased 
compliance costs, limitations on activities and requirements to hold additional capital; 
• 
Our ability to identify and achieve cost savings and improve efficiencies to reduce our operating 
expenses that are unrelated to regulatory compliance; 
• 
The impact of new accounting standards; 
• 
Future FDIC special assessments or changes to regular assessments; and 
• 
Descriptions of assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing. 
All forward-looking statements are necessarily only estimates of future results, and there can be no 
assurance that actual results will not differ materially from expectations, and, therefore, you are cautioned not to 
place undue reliance on such statements. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by 
reference to the factors discussed throughout our public filings. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks 
only as of the date on which it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement 
to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of 
unanticipated events. 
EFTA01137322
--- PAGE 7 ---
OFFERING CIRCULAR SUMMARY 
This summary highlights certain material information contained elsewhere or incorporated by reference in 
this offering circular. Because this is a summary, it may not contain all of the information that is important to 
you when deciding whether to invest in the depositary shares. Therefore, you should carefully read this entire 
offering circular, as well as the information incorporated by reference herein, before investing. You should pay 
special attention to the information under "Risk Factors" as well as our financial statements and related notes in 
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and our Quarterly Report on 
Form 10.Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015. 
First Republic Bank 
Our Business 
Commencing business in 1985 and following ow re-establishment as an independent institution in Jul) 
2010, we are a California-chartered, FDIC-insured commercial bank and bust company headquartered in San 
Francisco. We specialize in providing personalized. relationship-based services, including private banking. 
private business banking, real estate lending and wealth management services, including trust and custody 
services, to clients in the following metropolitan areas: San Francisco, Palo Alto, Los Angeles, Santa Barbara. 
Newport Beach, San Diego, Portland (Oregon), Boston. Palm Beach (Florida), Greenwich and New York City. 
We provide our services through 73 offices, of which 68 are preferred banking offices and 5 offices offer 
exclusively lending, wealth management or trust services. 
We provide our clients with a diverse suite of financial products that foster long-term relationships, while at 
the same time maintaining a disciplined underwriting policy. We offer a broad range of lending products to meet 
the needs of ow clients, including residential mortgage loans and lines of credit, multifamily loans, commercial 
real estate loans, residential construction loans, loans to commercial businesses and small business loans. We 
have a history of building long-term client relationships and attracting new clients through what we believe is our 
superior customer service and ow ability to deliver a diverse product offering. 
As of March 31, 2015. we had total assets of $51.1 billion, total deposits of $39.9 billion, total equity of 
S5.1 billion and wealth management assets of $56.4 billion. 
Our Strategy 
Our core business principles, strong credit standards and service-based culture have successfully guided our 
efforts over the past 29 years. We believe focusing on these principles will continue to enable us to expand our 
capabilities for providing value-added services to a targeted high net worth client base and generate steady, long-
term growth. 
On the loan side, we focus on originating high-quality loans, which develop into comprehensive 
relationships as a result of the delivery of superior client service. Our retail deposit offices and wealth 
management activities also attract significant new clients. Our successful, high-quality service and sales 
professionals are critical to driving our business and they allow us to cross-sell additional products and services 
that benefit our clients. We are focused on growing our wealth management business by hiring additional 
professionals and building upon our cross-selling experience to increase assets under management. In addition. 
we focus on creating and growing a stable, high-quality, lower-cost core deposit base. 
Offices 
Our principal executive offices are located at III Pine Street. 2nd Floor, San Francisco, California 94111. 
The main telephone number at these offices is (415) 392-1400 and our website address is www.firstrepublic.com. 
Information contained on our website is not part of or incorporated by reference into this offering circular. 
EFTA01137323
--- PAGE 8 ---
The Offering 
Issuer  
 First 
Republic 
Bank, 
a 
California-chartered, 
FDIC-insured 
commercial bank. 
Securities Offered  
depositary shares (liquidation preference equivalent to 
$25 per depositary share), each representing a 1/40th ownership interest 
in a share of 
% Noncumulative Perpetual Series F Preferred Stock 
(liquidation preference $1.000 per share). In addition, we have granted 
the underwriters an option to purchase up to an additional 
depositary shares, at the public offering price less the underwriting 
discount, for 30 days after the date of this offering circular. Each holder 
of a depositary share will be entitled, through the depositary. in 
proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of Series F Preferred 
Stock represented by such depositary share, to all the rights and 
preferences of the Series F Preferred Stock represented thereby 
(including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). 
Dr. 
 Dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock will be payable quarterly in 
arrears when, as and if declared by our board of directors (or a duly 
authorized committee thereof), at a rate per annum equal to 
(equivalent to $ 
per annum per depositary share). If declared. 
dividends will be paid on the 30th day of each March, June. 
September and December, or if any such date is not a business day. 
the immediately preceding business day, commencing on June 30. 
2015. 
Dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock will not be cumulative. If 
dividends are not declared on the Series F Preferred Stock for 
payment on any dividend payment date, those dividends will not 
accumulate or be payable and we will have no obligation to pay 
dividends for that dividend period, whether or not dividends on the 
Series F Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period. 
Liquidation Preference  
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding 
up of First Republic Bank, holders of shares of Series F Preferred 
Stock are entitled to receive out of the assets of First Republic Bank 
available for distribution to shareholders, before any distribution of 
assets is made to holders of our common stock or of any other shares 
of our capital stock ranking junior as to such a distribution to the 
Series F Preferred Stock, a liquidating distribution in the amount of 
the liquidation preference of $1,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per 
depositary share), plus the sum of any declared and unpaid dividends 
for dividend periods prior to the dividend period in which the 
liquidation distribution is made and declared and unpaid dividends for 
the then current dividend period in which the liquidation distribution 
is made to the date of such liquidation distribution. Distributions will 
be made only to the extent of First Republic Bank's assets that arc 
available after satisfaction of all liabilities to depositors and creditors 
and subject to the rights of holders of any securities ranking senior to 
EFTA01137324
--- PAGE 9 ---
the Series F Preferred Stock and then pro raw as to the Series F 
Preferred Stock and any other shares of our stock ranking equally as 
to such distribution. 
Maturity  
 The Series F Preferred Stock has no maturity date, and we are not 
required to redeem the Series F Preferred Stock. Accordingly, the 
Series F Preferred Stock and the depositary shares will remain 
outstanding indefinitely, unless we opt to redeem them and we obtain 
any required regulatory approvals. 
Redemption At First Republic's 
Option  
 We may redeem the Series F Preferred Stock at our option, for cash. 
(i) either in whole or in part, from time to time, on or after June 30. 
2020. upon not less than 30 days' and not more than 60 days' notice 
("Optional Redemption"), or (ii) in whole but not in part, at any time 
within 90 days following a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event (as 
defined herein) ("Regulatory Event Redemption"). The redemption 
price in each case will be equal to $1,000 per share of Series F 
Preferred Stock (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus the sum 
of any declared and unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods and 
accrued but unpaid and undeclared dividends for the then-current 
dividend period to the date of redemption. 
The Series F Preferred Stock will not be subject to any mandatory 
redemption, sinking fund or similar obligation of us to redeem. 
repurchase or retire the shares of the Series F Preferred Stock. If we 
redeem the Series F Preferred Stock, the depositary will redeem a 
proportionate number of depositary shares. Neither the holders of the 
Series F Preferred Stock nor holders of depositary shares will have 
the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series F 
Preferred Stock. 
Any redemption of the Series F Preferred Stock is subject to our 
receipt of any required prior approval by the FDIC and the California 
Department of Business Oversight's Division of Financial Institutions 
(the "DBO") and to the satisfaction of any conditions set forth in the 
capital guidelines or regulations of the FDIC applicable to redemption 
of the Series F Preferred Stock. 
Ranking  
 The Series F Preferred Stock will rank senior to our common stock. 
and equally with all existing and future series of preferred stock. 
including the 6.70% Noncumulative Perpetual Series A Preferred 
Stock (the "Series A Preferred Stock"), the 6.20% Noncumulative 
Perpetual Series B Preferred Stock (the "Series B Preferred Stock"). 
the 5.625% Noncumulative Perpetual Series C Preferred Stock (the 
"Series C Preferred Stock"), the 5.50% Noncumulative Perpetual 
Series D Preferred Stock (the "Series D Preferred Stock") and the 
7.00% Noncumulative Perpetual Series E Preferred Stock (the 
"Series E Preferred Stock"), that by their terms do not rank junior to 
the Series F Preferred Stock, with respect to the payment of dividends 
and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. The 
EFTA01137325
--- PAGE 10 ---
total liquidation preference of preferred stock outstanding on the date 
hereof (which excludes the Series F Preferred Stock) is 
$889.5 million. 
Voting Rights  
 The Series F Preferred Stock, and thus the depositary shares, will 
generally have no voting rights. However, if dividends on any 
outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock, and thus any 
depositary shares, are not paid (whether or not declared) for any six 
dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), holders of the 
depositary shares, voting as a single class together with the holders of 
all other series of stock upon which like voting rights have been 
conferred and are exercisable (including the Series A Preferred Stock. 
Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred 
Stock and Series E Preferred Stock), will be entitled to elect two 
directors to serve on our board until all dividends on the Series F 
Preferred Stock are paid in full for at least four consecutive dividend 
periods. In addition, we may not make changes to the provisions of 
our articles of incorporation or bylaws that adversely affect the voting 
powers, preferences or special rights of the Series F Preferred Stock 
without the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of the 
outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock. 
 We have applied to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock 
Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "FRC•PrF." If the application 
is approved, trading of the depositary shares on the NYSE is expected 
to begin within 30 days after the date of initial delivery of the 
depositary shares. The Series F Preferred Stock will not be listed. 
Settlement Date  
 Delivery of the depositary shares will be made against payment 
therefor on or about May , 2015. 
Form  
 The depositary shares representing the Series F Preferred Stock will 
be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of, a 
nominee of DTC. 
Withdrawal of Series F Preferred 
Stock  
 Upon surrender of depositary shares at the principal office of the 
depositary, upon payment of any unpaid amount due the depositary. 
and subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, the owner of the 
depositary shares evidenced thereby is entitled to delivery of the 
number of shares of Series F Preferred Stock and all money and other 
property, if any, represented by such depositary shares. Holders of 
shares of Series F Preferred Stock thus withdrawn will not thereafter 
be entitled to deposit such shares under the deposit agreement or to 
receive depositary shares therefor. 
No Conversion 
 Except as provided in the immediately preceding paragraph, neither 
the Series F Preferred Stock nor the depositary shares are convertible 
into or exchangeable for any of our property or other securities. 
EFTA01137326
--- PAGE 11 ---
Tax Considerations  
 For a discussion of the material tax considerations related to the 
Series F Preferred Stock and the depositary shares, see "Material U.S. 
Federal Income Tax Considerations" in this offering circular. 
Use of Proceeds 
 We intend to use the proceeds to us generated by this offering. 
approximately $ 
million (or approximately S 
million if the 
underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional 
depositary shares from us) after deducting the underwriting discount 
and estimated offering expenses payable by us, for general corporate 
purposes, which may include, among other things, funding loans or 
purchasing investment securities for our portfolio. 
Risk Factors  
 Investing in the depositary shares involves significant risks. See the 
section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 9 of this offering 
circular and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 
December 31, 2014, and ow Quarterly Report on Form I0-Q for the 
quarter ended March 31, 2015, each as filed with the FDIC. 
Conflicts of Interest  
 First Republic Securities Company, LLC, which may receive a 
brokerage commission in relation to certain depositary shares, is our 
wholly-owned subsidiary. See "Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest)—
Conflicts of Interest." 
EFTA01137327
--- PAGE 12 ---
Selected Financial Information 
The following table presents selected financial and other data for us as of the dates and for the periods 
indicated. The balance sheet and results of operations data as of and for the years ended December 31. 
2014, December 31, 2013, December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, and as of and for the six months ended 
December 31, 2010 and June 30, 2010, have been derived from our audited financial statements. 
The financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2014, December 31. 
2013, December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, and as of and for the six months ended December 31, 2010. 
have been audited by KPMG LLP, which is an independent registered public accounting firm. The financial 
statements as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2010 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
which is also an independent registered public accounting firm. The information presented under the captions 
"Selected Ratios," "Selected Asset Quality Ratios," "Capital Ratios" and "Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
and Preferred Stock Dividends" is unaudited. 
The data presented as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 is derived from our 
unaudited condensed financial statements, which, in the opinion of our management, reflect all adjustments 
necessary for a fair statement of the results for these interim periods. These adjustments consist of normal 
recurring adjustments. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2015 are not necessarily 
indicative of the results of operations that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2015. 
The selected financial and other data is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with. 
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and our financial 
statements, including the notes thereto, which are included in the Bank's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
year ended December 31, 2014 and the Bank's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31. 
2015, each of which is incorporated by reference into this offering circular. 
The financial statements as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2010 were prepared on a historical 
carve-out basis, the purpose of which is to present fairly the financial position, results of operations and cash 
flows of the First Republic division of BANA separately from the financial position, results of operations and 
cash flows of BANA as a legal entity. The selected financial data from these historical carve-out financial 
statements may not necessarily reflect the results of operations or financial position that we would have achieved 
had we actually operated as a stand-alone entity during this period. 
EFTA01137328
--- PAGE 13 ---
IS in million.. e‘cept per tire amounts) 
Asa et for the 
Three Months Ended 
As of or for the Year Ended 
As of or for the Sia 
Months Ended 
%larch 31. %larch 31. December31. December31. December31. December31. 
2015 
2014 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
December31. 
2010 
June 30. 
2010 
Selected Financial Data:" 
Interest income 
$ 
385 S 
357 
$ 1.483 
$ 1.356 
$ 1.287 
$ 1.183 
$ 
547 
$ 
509 
Interest expense  
153 
132 
114 
118 
Net interest income  
348 
321 
1,330 
1.224 
1.173 
1.065 
493 
413 
Provision for loan losses  
Net interest income after provision for 
loan losses  
336 
314 
1,274 
1.187 
1.110 
1.013 
474 
396 
Noninterest income  
318 
244 
169 
118 
Noninterest expense 
256 
217 
923 
768 
677 
567 
277 
217 
Net income  
116 
115 
487 
462 
401 
354 
143 
129 
Dividends on preferred stock and 
other  
— 
— 
—
Net income available to common 
shareholders  
$ 
102 S 
101 
$ 
431 
$ 
421 
$ 
369 
$ 
354 
$ 
143 
$ 
129 
Selected Ratios: 
Basic earnings per common share 
("EPS")  
$ 0.73 S 0.76 
$ 3.16 
$ 3.21 
$ 2.84 
S 2.75 
$ 1.15 
rtta 
Diluted EPS  
$ 0.71 S 0.73 
$ 3.07 
$ 3.10 
$ 2.75 
S 2.67 
$ 1.13 
ilia 
Diluted EPS (non-GAAP)th  
$ 0.68 S 0.67 
$ 2.83 
$ 2.65 
$ 2.14 
$ 1.70 
$ 0.71 
n/a 
Net income to average assetsol  
0.94% 
1.07% 
1.06% 
1.20% 
1.28% 
1.40% 
1.29% 
1.33% 
Net income available to common 
shareholders to average common 
equity"  
10.32% 
12.11% 
11.72% 
13.50% 
13.48% 
15.13% 
14.46% 
21.03% 
Average total equity to average total 
assets  
9.82% 
9.83% 
9.93% 
9.87% 
9.79% 
9.57% 
9.34% 
6.81% 
Dividends per common share  
$ 0.14 S 0.12 
$ 0.54 
$ 0.36 
$ 0.30 
S 
— 
$ 
— 
n/a 
Dividend payout ratio  
19.6% 
16.3% 
17.6% 
11.6% 
10.9% 
—% 
—% 
n/a 
Book value per common share  
$ 29.45 S 26.21 
$ 28.13 
$ 24.63 
$ 22.10 
S 19.48 
$ 16.60 
Na 
Tangible book value per common 
share 
$ 27.97 S 24.51 
$ 26.56 
$ 22.83 
$ 20.07 
S 18.25 
$ 15.19 
n/a 
Nct interest margin°,  
3.21% 
3.37% 
3.32% 
3.62% 
4.22% 
4.63% 
4.72% 
4.47% 
Net interest margin (non-GAAP)asm  
3.09% 
3.17% 
3.14% 
3.26% 
3.53% 
3.53% 
3.41% 
3.90% 
Efficiency ration, 
60.5% 
57.0% 
56.0% 
52.3% 
50.5% 
47.9% 
51.3% 
46.9% 
Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) la al  
61.5% 
58.9% 
57.6% 
55.8% 
56.8% 
58.1% 
58.6% 
52.1% 
Selected Balance Sheet Data: 
Total assets 
$51.066 544.346 
$48.350 
$42.113 
$34.389 
$27.795 
$22.378 
$19.512 
Cash and cash equivalents  
1.645 
1.762 
817 
808 
602 
631 
1.528 
436 
Investment securities  
7.494 
5.006 
6.638 
4.824 
3.537 
2.824 
1,093 
[mans 
Unpaid principal balance  
39.114 
34.774 
37,931 
34.199 
28.299 
22.819 
19,228 
18.027 
Net unaccrcted discount  
(141) 
(202) 
(153) 
(220) 
(332) 
(494) 
(678) 
(674, 
Net deferred fees and costs  
I 
Allowance for loan losses  
(219) 
(160) 
(207) 
(153) 
(130) 
(68) 
(19) 
(14 i 
Loans. net  
38.787 
34.436 
37,602 
33.848 
27.857 
22.267 
18.532 
17.34() 
Goodwill and other intangible assets  
211 
233 
217 
239 
265 
159 
182 
—
Deposits  
39.939 
33.568 
37,131 
32.083 
27.088 
22.459 
19,236 
17.779 
FHLB advances  
4.925 
5.650 
5,275 
5.150 
3.r_s 
2.200 
600 
130 
Senior notes  
397 
— 
396 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
Subordinated notes 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Noncontrolling interests 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
100 
Total equity  
$ 5.075 $ 4.494 
$ 4.778 
$ 4.160 
$ 3.400 
S 2.598 
$ 2.225 
$ 1.366 
Other Financial Information: 
Wealth management assets 
$56.369 $45.142 
$53.377 
$41.578 
$31.290 
520.155 
$16.580 
$14427 
Loans serviced for others  
$ 9.840 S 6.198 
$ 9.590 
$ 6.000 
$ 4.581 
S 3.381 
$ 3.781 
$ 3.737 
Selected Asset Quality Ratios: 
Nonperforming assets to total assets  
0.10% 
0.12% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.11% 
0.08% 
0.09% 
Nonperforming assets to loans and 
REO  
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.12% 
0.17% 
0.18% 
0.13% 
0.10% 
0.11% 
Allowance for loan losses to total 
loans  
0.56% 
0.46% 
0.55% 
0.45% 
0.46% 
0.30% 
0.10% 
0.08% 
EFTA01137329
--- PAGE 14 ---
ilt or for the 
Three Months Ended 
As of or for the Year Ended 
As of or for the Six 
Months Ended 
%larch 31. %larch 31. December31. December31. December31. December31, 
December 31. hilt 
30. 
IS in million.. eNcepl per share amounts) 
2015 
2014 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
2010 
2010 
Allowance for loan losses to 
nonperforming loans  
440% 
306% 
451% 
28l% 
264% 
258% 
103% 
79% 
Net charge-offs to average total 
loans" 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
O.®% 
0.11% 
Capital Ratios: 
Tier I leverage ratioth  
9.90% 
9.85% 
9.43% 
9.19% 
9.33% 
8.82% 
9.25% 
7.03% 
Common Equity Tier I ratio0x 101  
11.25% 
n/a 
n/a 
nia 
n/a 
n/a 
n./a 
n/a 
Tier I common equity ratioth.,61  
n/a 
11.12% 
10.90% 
10.30% 
11.14% 
12.85% 
13.77% 
9.65% 
Tier I risk-based capital ratio'„  
13.73% 
14.07% 
13.55% 
13.34% 
13.28% 
13.27% 
14.38% 
10.41% 
Total risk-based capital ration',  
14.37% 
14.64% 
14.20% 
13.89% 
13.87% 
13.66% 
14.62% 
10.71% 
Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
and Preferred Stock Dividends:" 
Excluding interest on deposits  
3.52x 
3.65x 
3.77x 
4.72x 
5.51x 
I I.20x 
13.85x 
15.43x 
Including interest on deposits  
2.99x 
3.03x 
3.14x 
3.69x 
4.08x 
5.04x 
4.76x 
3.12x 
I 
Our results of operations am affected significantly by purchase accounting loan discount accretion, liability premium amortization and 
amortization of intangible assets and. in 2012. the redemption of the First Republic Preferred Capital Corporation Series D preferred 
stock, due to the 513.2 million difference between the liquidation preference and the carrying value established in purchase accounting. 
Our results of operations for the six months ended December 31. 2010 were impacted by divestiture costs associated with our re-
establishment as an independent institution on July 1. 2010 and initial public offering-related costs. See "Managements Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Bank's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31. 
2014. and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31. 2015. each incorporated by reference into this offering 
circular. 
(2) Fora reconciliation of each ratio to its equivalent GAAP ratio. see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results 
of Operations—Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the Bank's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31. 2015 
and the Bank's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31. 2014. each incorporated by reference into this offering circular. 
(3) For periods less than a year. ratios am annualized. 
(4) Ellkiency ratio is the ratio of noninterest expense to the sum of net interest income and noninterest income. 
(5) Ratios as of March 31. 2015 reflect the adoption of the Basel Ill Capital Rules in effect beginning January 1. 2015 and will be phased in 
through the end of 2018. Ratios for prior periods represent the previous capital rules under Basel I. 
(6) As of March 31. 2015. Common Equity Tier I ratio is a new ratio requirement under the Basel III Capital Rules and represents common equity. 
less goodwill and intangible assets net of any associated deferred tax liabilities, divided by risk-weighted assets (subject to phase-in adjustments 
through the end of 2018). In prior periods, the Tier I common equity ratio represents common equity. less goodwill and intangible assets. 
divided by risk-weighted assets. 
7) Represents earnings to fixed charges and preferred stock dividend requirements. 
EFTA01137330
--- PAGE 15 ---
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the depositary shares involves a high degree of risk There are risks, many beyond our 
control, that could cause our financial condition or results of operations to differ materially from management's 
expectations. This offering circular does not describe all of those risks. The following is a list of certain risks 
specific to the depositary shares and the Series F Preferred Stock. Before purchasing the depositary shares, you 
should carefully consider these risks and the more detailed explanation of risks described in our Annual Report 
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and our Quarterly Report on Fonn 10-Q for the quarter 
ended March 31, 2015, under the caption "Item 1A. Risk Factors," and other information included in or 
incorporated by reference into this offering circular. Any of these risks, by itself or together with one or more 
other factors, may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition or the market price 
or liquidity of the depositary shares and the Series F Preferred Stock, perhaps materially. Additional risks that 
we do not presently know or that we currently deem immaterial may also have an adverse effect on our business, 
results of operations or financial condition or the market price or liquidity of the depositary shares and the 
Series F Preferred Stock. Further, to the extent that any of the information contained herein constitutes forward-
looking statements, the risk factors below and in the documents incorporated by reference also are cautionary 
statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed 
in any such forward-looking statements. See "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" on 
page iii of this offering circular. 
The depositary shares and the Series F Preferred Stock are not insured deposits. 
The depositary shares and the Series F Preferred Stock are not bank deposits and are not insured or 
guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. An investment in the depositary shares has risks, and 
you may lose your entire investment. 
You are making an investment decision about both the depositary shares and the Series F Preferred Stock 
As described in this offering circular, we are issuing depositary shares representing fractional interests in 
shares of the Series F Preferred Stock. Accordingly, the depositary will rely solely on the payments it receives 
from us on the Series F Preferred Stock to fund all payments on the depositary shares. You should carefully 
review the information in this offering circular regarding both of these securities, as the terms of the Series F 
Preferred Stock govern your rights to payments on the depositary shares. 
You are not entitled to receive dividends unless declared by us, and dividends are not cumulative. 
Dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock, and thus our depositary shares, are not cumulative. If our board 
of directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) does not declare a dividend on the Series F Preferred Stock 
for any dividend period, including if prevented from doing so by bank regulators, you will not be entitled to 
receive any such dividend, and any such undeclared and unpaid dividend will not accumulate or be payable. We 
will have no obligation to pay dividends for a dividend period after the dividend payment date for that period if 
our board of directors has not declared such dividend before the related dividend payment date, whether or not 
dividends are declared for any subsequent dividend period with respect to the Series F Preferred Stock or any 
other preferred stock we may issue and whether or not funds are or subsequently become available. 
As a California-chartered commercial bank supervised and regulated by the DBO and the FDIC, our ability 
to declare and pay dividends and redeem the Series F Preferred Stock depends on certain federal and state 
regulatory considerations. In particular, California law prohibits us from making a distribution to shareholders 
that exceeds the lesser of (i) our retained earnings or (ii) our net income for the last three fiscal years, less the 
amount of any distributions made during that period. With the approval of the California Commissioner of 
Business Oversight (the "Commissioner"), however, we may make a distribution that does not exceed the greater 
of (i) our retained earnings, (ii) our net income for our last fiscal year or (iii) our net income for our current fiscal 
EFTA01137331
--- PAGE 16 ---
year. The Commissioner may otherwise limit our distributions to shareholders if the Commissioner finds that our 
shareholders' equity is not adequate or that making such distributions would be unsafe or unsound for us. In 
addition, a number of the Dodd-Frank Act's provisions, such as the new comprehensive capital framework for 
U.S. banking organizations, as implemented by the FDIC, impose on banks the need to maintain more and higher 
quality regulatory capital than has historically been the case. These capital requirements, which are to be phased 
in until the end of 2018, could adversely affect our ability to pay dividends or may result in additional limitations 
on our ability to pay dividends or redeem the Series F Preferred Stock. See "Business—Supervision and 
Regulation—New Capital Rules" and "—Restrictions on Dividends and Other Distributions" in our Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Key Factors Affecting Our Business and Financial Statements—
Regulatory and Supervisory Matters—New Capital Rules" in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter 
ended March 31, 2015. 
Our board of directors could also determine that it would be in our best interest to pay less than the full 
amount of stated dividends or no dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock (and thus the depositary shares) for 
any dividend period, even at a time when sufficient funds were available to make the payment. In making this 
determination, ow board of directors would consider all the factors it considered relevant, which we expect 
would include our financial condition and capital needs, the impact of current or pending legislation and 
regulations and general economic conditions and that we are not permitted to pay a dividend on our common 
stock in any period in which we do not pay full dividends to holders of our depositary shares. 
The depositary shares and the Series F Preferred Stock are new issues of securities and do not have 
established trading markets, which may negatively affect their market value and your ability to transfer or sell 
your shares. 
The depositary shares and the Series F Preferred Stock are each a new issue of securities with no established 
trading market. Since the Series F Preferred Stock, and thus the depositary shares, have no stated maturity date, 
investors seeking liquidity will be limited to selling their depositary shares in the secondary market. We have 
applied to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "FRC-PrF." If 
the application is approved, trading of the depositary shares on the NYSE is expected to begin within 30 days 
after the date of initial delivery of the depositary shares. However, an active trading market on the NYSE for the 
depositary shares may not develop or, even if it develops, may not last, in which case the trading price of the 
depositary shares could be adversely affected, the difference between bid and asked prices could be substantial 
and your ability to transfer depositary shares will be limited. 
Although we have applied to list the depositary shares, we do not intend to list the Series F Preferred Stock, 
and the Series F Preferred Stock will therefore only be transferable in the over-the-counter market. Therefore, an 
active trading market in the Series F Preferred Stock is unlikely to develop, the trading price of the Series F 
Preferred Stock is likely to be adversely affected and the ability to transfer Series F Preferred Stock will be 
limited. 
Investors should not expect us to redeem the Series F Preferred Stock on the date it becomes redeemable or on 
any particular date afterwards, and any redemption is subject to FDIC approval. 
The Series F Preferred Stock is a perpetual equity security, and as such, it has no maturity or mandatory 
redemption date and is not redeemable at the option of investors, including the holders of depositary shares 
offered by this offering circular. By its terms, we may redeem the Series F Preferred Stock at our option (i) either 
in whole or in part, from time to time, on or after June 30, 2020 or (ii) in whole but not in part, at any time within 
days following a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event (as defined in "Description of Series F Preferred 
Stock—Redemption—Redemption Following a Regulatory Capital Event"). Any decision we may make at any 
time to propose a redemption of the Series F Preferred Stock will depend upon, among other things, our 
evaluation of our capital position, including for bank regulatory capital ratio purposes, the composition of ow 
shareholders' equity and general market conditions at that time. Our right to redeem the Series F Preferred Stock 
-10-
EFTA01137332
--- PAGE 17 ---
is subject to an important limitation. Under the FDIC's current risk•based capital guidelines applicable to us, any 
redemption of the Series F Preferred Stock is subject to prior approval of the FDIC. There can be no assurance 
that the FDIC will approve any redemption of the Series F Preferred Stock that we may propose. 
As a result of our obligations to creditors and holders of securities ranking equal to the Series F Preferred 
Stock, we may not be able to make dividend or liquidation payments to you. 
The Series F Preferred Stock ranks: 
• 
junior to our deposits, borrowings and any other obligations to our creditors upon our liquidation; 
• 
equal to our shares of preferred stock, including our Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock 
Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, and Series E Preferred Stock, issued on a parity 
basis with regard to payment of dividends and amounts due upon liquidation: and 
• 
senior to our common stock with regard to payment of dividends and amounts due upon liquidation. 
Payment of amounts due on the Series F Preferred Stock, and thus the depositary shares, will be 
subordinated to all of our existing and future debt. If we incur significant indebtedness, we may not have 
sufficient funds to make dividend or liquidation payments on the Series F Preferred Stock, and thus the 
depositary shares. Upon our liquidation, our obligations to our depositors and creditors would rank senior to the 
Series F Preferred Stock, and thus our depositary shares. We may also in the future issue shares of preferred 
stock that rank senior to the Series F Preferred Stock, and thus the depositary shares, as to dividend and 
liquidation payments, subject to the requisite consent of the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock and other 
preferred stock tanking on a parity with our Series F Preferred Stock, as described under "Description of Series F 
Preferred Stock—Voting Rights." 
We may issue additional Series F Preferred Stock and/or shares of another class or series of preferred stock 
ranking on a parity with the Series F Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the 
distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Upon declaration of a dividend, or upon our 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, we are required to pay the holders of any preferred stock issued on a parity 
basis with the Series F Preferred Stock at the same time and in the same proportions as we are required to pay the 
holders of the Series F Preferred Stock, and thus with you, as holders of the depositary shares. Consequently, if 
we do not have sufficient funds to pay scheduled dividends to the holders of the preferred stock issued on a parity 
basis and the Series F Preferred Stock, and thus depositary shares, we may not declare or pay a portion of the 
scheduled dividends. Similarly, upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, if we do not have sufficient 
funds to pay the full liquidation preference to the holders of the preferred stock issued on a parity basis and the 
Series F Preferred Stock, you may receive less than the liquidation preference of your depositary shares. 
At March 31, 2015, we had $199.5 million of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, 
$150.0 million of Series B Preferred Stock issued outstanding, $150.0 million of Series C Preferred Stock issued 
and outstanding, $190.0 million of Series D Preferred Stock issued and outstanding and $200.0 million of 
Series E Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 
Our performance, general market conditions and unpredictable factors could adversely affect the market price 
for the depositary shares and the Series F Preferred Stock. 
There can be no assurance about the market price for the depositary shares. Several factors, many of which 
are beyond our control, will influence the market price of the depositary shares. Factors that might influence the 
market price of the depositary, shares include: 
• 
whether we declare or fail to declare dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock from time to time; 
• 
our operating performance, financial condition and prospects, or the operating performance. financial 
condition and prospects of our competitors; 
-11-
EFTA01137333
--- PAGE 18 ---
• 
our creditworthiness; 
• 
the ratings given to our securities by ratings agencies, including the ratings given to the depositary 
shares; 
prevailing interest rates; 
developments in the credit, mortgage and housing markets, the markets for securities relating to 
mortgages or housing and developments with respect to financial institutions generally; 
• 
the market for similar securities; and 
• 
economic, financial, geopolitical, regulatory or judicial events that affect us or the financial markets 
generally. 
Accordingly. the depositary shares that an investor purchases, whether in this offering or in the secondary 
market. may trade at a discount to their cost. 
Holders of the depositary shares and the Series F Preferred Stock have extremely limited voting rights. 
The terms of the Series F Preferred Stock generally provide that, except as otherwise required by law, the 
holders of the Series F Preferred Stock, and thus the depositary shares, are only entitled to vote in the following 
limited circumstances: (i) to approve the creation of any class or series of shares that ranks, as to dividends or 
distribution of assets, senior to the Series F Preferred Stock; or (ii) to alter or change the provisions of our 
Articles, the Certificate of Determination governing the Series F Preferred Stock or our Bylaws so as to adversely 
affect the voting powers, preferences or special rights of the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock. If we fail to 
pay (whether or not declared) the full amount of the stated cash dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock, and 
thus the depositary shares, with respect to any six dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), holders of the 
Series F Preferred Stock, and thus the depositary shares, voting as a single class together with holders of any 
other shares upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (including the Series A 
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock and Series E 
Preferred Stock), will be entitled to elect two directors to serve on the Board (unless the number of directors has 
already been increased by two as a result of our failure to declare, pay or set aside dividends on other series of 
preferred stock with like voting rights) until we have paid or declared and set aside for payment full dividends on 
the Series F Preferred Stock, and thus the depositary shares, for at least four consecutive dividend periods. 
We may issue additional depositary shares, shares of Series F Preferred Stock, securities convertible or 
exchangeable for Series F Preferred Stock or a new series of preferred stock that ranks equally with the 
Series F Preferred Stock, and thereby materially and adversely affect the price of the depositary shares and 
the Series F Preferred Stock. 
We are not restricted from authorizing or issuing additional depositary shares, shares of Series F Preferred 
Stock, securities convertible or exchangeable for Series F Preferred Stock, or a new series of preferred stock that 
ranks equally with the Series F Preferred Stock. We have no obligation to consider the interest of the holders of 
the Series F Preferred Stock or the depositary shares representing the Series F Preferred Stock in engaging in any 
such offering or transaction. If we issue such additional securities, it may materially and adversely affect the 
price of the depositary shares or the Series F Preferred Stock. 
We are subject to extensive regulation, and ownership of the depositary shares or the Series F Preferred Stock 
may have regulatory implications for holders thereof 
Although we do not believe that the Series F Preferred Stock, and therefore the depositary shares, are 
currently considered "voting securities" for purposes of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended 
(the "BHCA"), if they were to become "voting securities," whether because we have missed six dividend 
payments and, as a result, holders of the Series F Preferred Stock have the right to elect directors, or for other 
reasons, a holder of 25% or more of the Series F Preferred Stock, or a holder of a lesser percentage of the 
-12-
EFTA01137334
--- PAGE 19 ---
Series F Preferred Stock that is deemed to exercise a "controlling influence" over us, may become subject to 
regulation under the BHCA. In addition, if the Series F Preferred Stock becomes "voting securities," then (a) any 
bank holding company or foreign bank that is subject to the BHCA may need approval to acquire or retain more 
than 5% of the then-outstanding Series F Preferred Stock, (b) any holder (or group of holders acting in concert) 
may need regulatory approval to retain 10% or more of the Series F Preferred Stock, and (c) any person may be 
required to obtain the prior approval of the Commissioner before acquiring "control" of us, as defined in 
California statutes and regulations. A holder or group of holders may also be deemed to control us if they own 
25% or more, or in some cases, one-third or more of our total equity, both voting and non-voting, aggregating all 
shares held by the investor across all classes of stock. Holders of the depositary shares should consult their own 
counsel with regard to regulatory implications. 
-13-
EFTA01137335
--- PAGE 20 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
We intend to use the proceeds to us generated by this offering, approximately $ 
million (or 
approximately $ 
million if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional depositary 
shares from us) after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated offering expenses payable by us, for 
general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, funding loans or purchasing investment 
securities for our portfolio. 
EFTA01137336
--- PAGE 21 ---
CAPITALIZATION 
The following table sets forth our capitalization and capital ratios as of March 31, 2015 on an actual basis 
and as adjusted to give effect to the sale of 
depositary shares, representing 
shares of Series F 
Preferred Stock, by us in this offering, assuming the undenvriters do not exercise in full their option to purchase 
additional depositary shares from us. after underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses payable by us. 
You should read this table in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto 
included in the documents incorporated by reference into this offering circular. 
As of March 31, 2015 
As Adjusted 
for this 
Actual 
Offering 
(In thousands, except share 
amounts) 
Capitalization 
Equity 
Preferred Stock, 6.70% Noncumulative Perpetual Series A, $0.01 par value. $1,000 
liquidation preference per share: 199,525 shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
199,525 
Preferred Stock, 6.20% Noncumulative Perpetual Series B, $0.01 par value. $1,000 
liquidation preference per share: 150,000 shares authorized, issued and outstanding . . . 
150,000 
Preferred Stock, 5.625%, Noncumulative Perpetual Series C, $0.01 par value, $1,000 
liquidation preference per share; 172,500 shares authorized, 150,000 shares issued 
and outstanding 
150,000 
Preferred Stock, 5.50%, Noncumulative Perpetual Series D, $0.01 par value, $1,000 
liquidation preference per share: 200.000 shares authorized, 190,000 issued and 
outstanding  
190,000 
Preferred Stock, 7.00% Noncumulative Perpetual Series E. $0.01 par value, $1,000 
liquidation preference per share: 200.000 shares authorized, issued and outstanding  
200,000 
Preferred Stock 
% Noncumulative Perpetual Series F. $0.01 par value, $1,000 
liquidation preference per share; 
shares authorized, issued and 
outstanding  
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share. 400.000.000 shares authorized, 
142,104,619 shares outstanding ( II  
1,421 
Additional paid-in capital  
2,522,159 
Retained earnings  
1,653,338 
Accumulated other comprehensive income  
8,554 
Total Equity  
$5,074,997 
Capital Ratios 
Tier I leverage ratio  
9.90% 
Common Equity Tier I Ratio (2)  
11.25% 
Tier I risk-based capital ratio  
13.73% 
Total risk-based capital ratio  
14.37% 
(1) As of March 31, 2015, shares outstanding do not include (a) 7,168,504 shares that remain issuable upon the 
exercise of additional outstanding stock options granted, (b) 1,336,577 restricted stock units and 
performance share units that have been awarded (c) 859,725 shares reserved for future awards under our 
2010 Omnibus Award Plan, as amended, or (d) 1,717,125 shares reserved for future purchase under our 
Employee Stock Purchase Plan. On May 12, 2015, the Bank's shareholders approved an increase of 
2,500,000 shares for future awards under our 2010 Omnibus Award Plan. 
(2) As of March 31, 2015, Common Equity Tier I ratio is a new ratio requirement under the Basel III Capital 
Rules and represents common equity, less goodwill and intangible assets net of any associated deferred tax 
liabilities, divided by risk-weighted assets (subject to phase-in adjustments through the end of 2018). 
-15-
EFTA01137337
--- PAGE 22 ---
DESCRIPTION OF SERIES F PREFERRED STOCK 
The depositary will initially be the sole holder of the 
% Noncumulative Perpetual Series F Preferred 
Stock, with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share) (the "Series F 
Preferred Stock"), as described under "Description of Depositary Shares," and all references in this offering 
circular to the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock mean the depositary. However, the holders of the depositary 
shares representing shares of Series F Preferred Stock will be entitled, through the depositary, to exercise the rights 
and preferences of holders of the Series F Preferred Stock, as described under "Description of Depositary Shares." 
The following description summarizes the material terms of our Series F Preferred Stock Because it is only 
a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. For a complete description, you 
should refer to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the "Articles"), Amended and Restated 
Bylaws (the "Bylaws"), certificates of determination and any applicable provisions of relevant law. 
General 
The Articles authorize us to issue 25,000.000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and authorize 
our Board to fix the number of shares and determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of any 
such series of preferred stock. There are currently 199,525 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 
per share, outstanding and designated as the "6.70% Noncumulative Perpetual Series A Preferred Stock" with an 
aggregate liquidation preference of $199.5 million. There are currently 150,000 shares of Series B Preferred 
Stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding and designated as the "6.20% Noncumulative Perpetual Series B 
Preferred Stock" with an aggregate liquidation preference of $150.0 million. There are currently 150,000 shares 
of Series C Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share. outstanding and designated as the "5.625% 
Noncumulative Perpetual Series C Preferred Stock" with an aggregate liquidation preference of $150.0 million. 
There are currently 190,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding and 
designated as the "5.50% Noncumulative Perpetual Series D Preferred Stock" with an aggregate liquidation 
preference of $190.0 million. There are currently 200.000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per 
share, outstanding and designated as the "7.00% Noncumulative Perpetual Series E Preferred Stock" with an 
aggregate liquidation preference of $200.0 million. 
Before the completion of the offering, we will have authorized a series of preferred stock consisting of 
shares, designated 
% Noncumulative Perpetual Series F Preferred Stock. We will only issue 
additional shares of Series F Preferred Stock if the additional shares and the originally issued shares are fungible 
for U.S. tax purposes. The following summary of the terms and provisions of the Series F Preferred Stock is not 
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the pertinent sections of the certificate of determination 
designating the Series F Preferred Stock, which will be filed with the FDIC on Form 8-K and posted on our 
website. At this time, we are offering depositary shares representing 
shares of Series F Preferred Stock 
(or 
shares of Series F Preferred Stock if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase an 
additional 
depositary shares from us). The Series F Preferred Stock, upon issuance against full 
payment of the purchase price for the depositary shares, will be fully paid and nonassessable. The depositary will 
initially be the sole holder of the Series F Preferred Stock. The holders of depositary shares will be required to 
exercise their proportional rights in the shares of Series F Preferred Stock through the depositary, as described in 
"Description of Depositary Shares." 
The transfer agent, registrar and dividends disbursing agent for the Series F Preferred Stock will be 
Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., collectively. 
Ranking 
The Series F Preferred Stock will rank senior to our common stock and any other class or series of preferred 
stock that by its terms ranks junior to the Series F Preferred Stock, and at least equally with our Series A 
-16-
EFTA01137338
--- PAGE 23 ---
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock. Series D Preferred Stock and Series E 
Preferred Stock and with all future series of preferred stock that we may issue (except for any senior stock that 
may be issued with the requisite consent of the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock and all other Parity Stock 
(as defined below)), with respect to payment of dividends or amounts upon our liquidation, dissolution or 
winding up. 
Dividends 
Holders of Series F Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when and as declared by our board of 
directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof), out of funds legally available for the payment of distributions, 
cash dividends that will be noncumulative and payable quarterly, at the rate of 
% of the liquidation 
preference per annum (equivalent to S 
per annum per share of Series F Preferred Stock). Dividends on the 
Series F Preferred Stock, if declared, will be payable quarterly on the 30th day of each March, June, September 
and December or, if any such date is not a business day, the immediately preceding business day. A dividend 
period means each period commencing on (and including) a dividend payment date and continuing to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding dividend payment date, except that the first dividend period for the initial 
issuance of shares of Series F Preferred Stock will commence upon (and include) the date of original issuance of 
those shares. If additional shares of Series F Preferred Stock are issued at a future date, the first dividend period 
for such shares will commence upon (and include) the later of the date of original issuance of Series F Preferred 
Stock and the first day of the quarterly period in which such later date of issue occurs. If declared, the first 
dividend on the Series F Preferred Stock, and thus the depositary shares, will be paid on June 30, 2015. and will 
be for less than a full quarter. That dividend and any dividend payable on the Series F Preferred Stock for any 
other partial dividend period will be computed on the basis of a 360•day year consisting of twelve 30•day 
months. We will pay dividends to holders of record of Series F Preferred Stock as they appear in our share 
records at the close of business on the applicable record date designated by our board of directors for the 
payment of dividends that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such dividend payment date; 
provided, however, that if the date fixed for redemption of any Series F Preferred Stock occurs after a dividend is 
authorized and declared but before it is paid, such dividend shall be paid as part of the redemption price to the 
person to whom the redemption price is paid. 
No dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock will be declared or be paid or set aside for payment at any time 
when the terms and provisions of any of our agreements, including any agreement relating to our indebtedness, 
prohibits such declaration, payment or setting apart for payment or provides that such declaration, payment or 
setting apart for payment would constitute a breach of or a default under such agreement. or if such authorization 
or payment is restricted or prohibited by law. 
Dividends will not be cumulative. If we fail to declare a dividend for any dividend payment date, then that 
dividend will not accumulate and be payable, the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock will have no right to 
receive a dividend related to that dividend period, and we will have no obligation to pay a dividend for the related 
dividend period or to pay any interest, whether or not dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock are declared for 
any future dividend period. If we fail to pay or set aside for payment scheduled dividends (whether or not 
declared) with respect to any six dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), holders of Series F Preferred 
Stock will be entitled to vote for the election of two directors, as described below under "—Voting Rights." 
Full dividends will not be declared or paid or set apart for payment on any preferred stock ranking on parity 
with the Series F Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends or amounts upon our liquidation, dissolution or 
winding up ("Parity Stock") or any other shares of capital stock that rank junior to the Series F Preferred Stock as 
to payment of dividends or amounts upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up ("Junior Stock•") during any 
dividend period unless dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock for that dividend period are declared and paid in 
full. When such cash dividends are not paid in full, or a sum sufficient for the full payment is not set apart, 
dividends upon shares of Series F Preferred Stock and dividends on other Parity Stock payable during the 
dividend period will be declared pro raw so that the amount of dividends payable per share on the Series F 
•17•
EFTA01137339
--- PAGE 24 ---
Preferred Stock and any other Parity Stock will in all cases bear to each other the same ratio that full dividends 
for the then•current dividend period on the shares of Series F Preferred Stock and full dividends, including 
required or permitted accumulations, if any, on shares of the other Parity Stock, bear to each other. If full 
dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock have not been declared and paid or set apart for payment for a dividend 
period, the following restrictions will apply for that dividend period: 
• 
no dividend or distribution, other than in shares of Junior Stock, may be declared, set aside for payment 
or paid on any shares of stock of any class or series of Junior Stock; 
• 
we may not redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any Junior Stock, and no monies may be paid to or 
made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any Junior Stock, except by conversion into or 
exchange for Junior Stock, or by the tendering of Junior Stock in payment for the exercise of options 
under our stock option plans then in effect; and 
• 
we may not redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of the Series F Preferred Stock other 
than pursuant to pro raw offers to purchase or exchange, or a concurrent redemption of all of, the 
outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock. 
There can be no assurances that any dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock will be declared or, if 
declared, what the amounts of dividends will be or whether these dividends, if declared for any dividend period, 
will continue for any future dividend period. The declaration and payment of future dividends on the Series F 
Preferred Stock will be subject to business conditions. regulatory considerations, our earnings and financial 
condition and the judgment of our board of directors. 
See "Business—Supervision and Regulation—Restrictions on Dividends and Other Distributions•" in our 
Annual Report on Form 10•K for the year ended December 31, 2014 for bank regulatory restrictions on our 
ability to pay dividends on our capital stock. 
Liquidation Rights 
Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of First Republic Bank, the 
holders of the outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock are entitled to be paid out of the assets of First 
Republic Bank legally available for distribution to our shareholders, before any distribution of assets is made to 
holders of common stock or any other Junior Stock, a liquidating distribution in the amount of a liquidation 
preference of $1,000 per share, plus the sum of any declared and unpaid dividends for dividend periods prior to 
the dividend period in which the liquidation distribution is made and declared and unpaid dividends for the then 
current dividend period in which the liquidation distribution is made to the date of such liquidation distribution. 
After payment of the full amount of the liquidating distributions to which they are entitled, the holders of Series 
F Preferred Stock will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. 
Distributions will be made only to the extent that our assets that are available after satisfaction of all 
liabilities to depositors. and creditors and subject to the rights of any securities ranking senior to the Series F 
Preferred Stock. If our remaining assets are not sufficient to pay the full liquidating distributions to the holders of 
all outstanding preferred stock and all Parity Stock, then we will distribute our assets to those holders pro raw in 
proportion to the full liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise have received. 
For purposes of the liquidation rights, neither the sale, conveyance, lease, exchange or transfer (for cash, 
shares of stock, securities or other consideration) of all or substantially all of our property or business, nor the 
consolidation or merger by us with or into any other entity or by another entity with or into us will constitute a 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Bank. If we enter into any merger or consolidation transaction with 
or into any other entity and we are not the surviving entity in such transaction, the Series F Preferred Stock may 
be converted into shares of the surviving or successor corporation or the direct or indirect parent of the surviving 
or successor corporation having terms identical to the terms of the Series F Preferred Stock set forth herein. 
•18• 
EFTA01137340
--- PAGE 25 ---
Conversion Rights 
The Series F Preferred Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for any other of our property, interests 
or securities. 
Redemption 
Optional Redemption 
The Series F Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar 
provisions. However, the Series F Preferred Stock may be redeemed on or after June 30, 2020, with not less than 
days' and not more than 60 days' notice ("Optional Redemption"). On that date or any date thereafter, we may 
redeem the Series F Preferred Stock from time to time, in whole or in part. at our option, for cash, subject to the 
approval of the appropriate federal banking agency (and any state banking agency, as may be required by law), at 
the cash redemption price provided below. Dividends will not accrue on those shares of Series F Preferred Stock 
on and after the redemption date. Neither the holders of Series F Preferred Stock nor the holders of the related 
depositary shares have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series F Preferred Stock. 
Redemption Following a Regulatory Capital Event 
We may redeem the Series F Preferred Stock, in whole but not in part, for cash, at any time within 90 days 
following a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, at our option, subject to the approval of the appropriate federal 
banking agency, at the cash redemption price provided below ("Regulatory Event Redemption"). A "Regulatory 
Capital Treatment Event" means our good faith determination that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, or change 
in, the laws or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is 
enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of the Series F Preferred Stock; (ii) any proposed change in 
those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of the Series F Preferred Stock; or (iii) any 
official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement 
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of the Series F 
Preferred Stock. there is more than an insubstantial risk that we will not be entitled to treat the full liquidation 
value of the Series F Preferred Stock then outstanding as "Tier I Capital" (or its equivalent) for purposes of the 
capital adequacy guidelines of the FDIC (or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations 
of any successor appropriate federal banking agency), as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of 
Series F Preferred Stock is outstanding. Dividends will not accrue on those shares of Series F Preferred Stock on 
and after the redemption date. 
Redemption Price 
The redemption price for any redemption of Series F Preferred Stock, whether an Optional Redemption or 
Regulatory Event Redemption, will be equal to $1,000 per share of Series F Preferred Stock (equivalent to $25 
per depositary share) plus the sum of any declared and unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods and accrued 
but unpaid and undeclared dividends for the then•curent dividend period to the date of redemption. 
Redemption Procedures 
If we elect to redeem any shares of Series F Preferred Stock, we will provide notice by first class mail, 
postage prepaid, addressed to the holders of record of the shares of Series F Preferred Stock to be redeemed, 
mailed not less than 30 days and not more than 60 days before the date fixed for redemption thereof (provided, 
however, that if the shares of Series F Preferred Stock or the depositary shares representing the shares of Series F 
Preferred Stock are held in book•entry form through DTC, we may give this notice in any manner permitted by 
DTC). Any notice mailed or otherwise given as provided in this paragraph will be conclusively presumed to have 
been duly given, whether or not the holder receives this notice, and failure duly to give this notice by mail or 
otherwise, or any defect in this notice or in the mailing or provision of this notice, to any holder of shares of 
EFTA01137341
--- PAGE 26 ---
Series F Preferred Stock designated for redemption will not affect the redemption of any other shams of Series F 
Preferred Stock. Each notice of redemption shall state: 
the redemption date; 
the redemption price; 
if fewer than all shares of Series F Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the number of shares of Series F 
Preferred Stock to be redeemed; and 
• 
the manner in which holders of Series F Preferred Stock called for redemption may obtain payment of 
the redemption price in respect to those shams. 
If notice of redemption of any shares of Series F Preferred Stock has been given and if the funds necessary 
for such redemption have been set aside by us in trust for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series F 
Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then from and after the redemption date such shares of Series F 
Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed outstanding. and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, 
except the right to receive the redemption price. without interest. 
In the case of any redemption of only part of the Series F Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares 
of Series F Preferred Stock to be redeemed will be selected either pro rata or by lot. Subject to the provisions 
hereof. the board of directors will have the full power and authority to prescribe the terms and conditions upon 
which shares of Series F Preferred Stock may be redeemed from time to time. 
The Series F Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or mandatory 
redemption provisions. 
Regulatory Restrictions on Redemption Rights 
Under current risk-based capital regulations, a bank insured by the FDIC may not redeem shares of 
preferred stock included as Tier I capital without the prior approval of the FDIC. See "Risk Factors—Investors 
should not expect us to redeem the Series F Preferred Stock on the date it becomes redeemable or on any 
particular date aftenvards, and any redemption is subject to FDIC approval" in this offering circular. Any 
redemption of the Series F Preferred Stock is subject to our receipt of any required prior approval by the FDIC 
and the Commissioner and to the satisfaction of any conditions in the capital guidelines or regulations of the 
FDIC applicable to such redemption. Ordinarily, the FDIC would not permit such a redemption unless the FDIC 
determines that the bank's condition and circumstances warrant the reduction of a source of permanent capital. 
Voting Rights 
Registered owners of Series F Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights, except as set forth below or 
as othenvise required by law. 
On any matter in which the Series F Preferred Stock is entitled to vote as a class with holders of any other 
shares upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, including any action by written 
consent, each share of Series F Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote. As more fully described under 
"Description of the Depositary Shares," the depositary, as holder of all Series F Preferred Stock, will grant 1140th 
of a vote per depositary share to the registered owner of each depositary share so that each depositary share will 
be entitled to exercise its proportionate voting rights. 
If at any time the full amount of dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock have not been paid or set aside 
for payment (whether or not declared) for any six dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), holders of the 
depositary shares representing the Series F Preferred Stock voting as a single class together with holders of any 
other stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D 
Preferred Stock and Series E Preferred Stock, that ranks on a parity with the Series F Preferred Stock as to 
-20-
EFTA01137342
--- PAGE 27 ---
payment of dividends and that has voting rights equivalent to those described in this paragraph ("Voting Parity 
Stock"), will be entitled to elect two directors to serve on the board of directors (the "Preferred Stock Directors") 
at any annual meeting of shareholders or any special meeting of the holders of Series F Preferred Stock and any 
Voting Parity Stock, and the holders of our Common Stock will be entitled to vote for the election of the 
remaining number of directors authorized by our Articles or Bylaws. Our board of directors will at no time have 
more than two Preferred Stock Directors. 
If, at any time after the right to elect directors is vested in the Series F Preferred Stock, the holders of the 
Series F Preferred Stock and any Voting Parity Stock call a special meeting of shareholders for the election of 
directors, and at the time the special meeting is called, the election of the Preferred Stock Directors to the Board 
would cause the number of directors to exceed the maximum number authorized under our Articles or Bylaws, 
then the holders of Series F Preferred Stock and any Voting Parity Stock, voting as a single class, shall be 
entitled to elect the Preferred Stock Directors and ow Common Stock shall be entitled to elect the remaining 
number of authorized directors, the terms of office of all persons who were directors immediately prior to the 
special meeting shall terminate, and the directors elected by the holders of our Series F Preferred Stock and any 
Voting Parity Stock and the directors elected by the holders of ow Common Stock shall constitute the directors 
of the Bank until the next annual meeting. 
The Preferred Stock Directors elected at any such special meeting will hold office until the next annual 
meeting of our shareholders unless they have been previously terminated as described below. Except as 
otherwise provided for by applicable law, any Preferred Stock Director may be removed only by the vote of the 
holders of record of the outstanding Series F Preferred Stock entitled to vote (voting together as a single class 
with holders of any Voting Parity Stock). As long as the right to elect Preferred Stock Directors is continuing, 
(i) any vacancy in the office of any Preferred Stock Director may be filled by the vote of the holders of record of 
the outstanding Series F Preferred Stock entitled to vote (voting together as a single class with holders of any 
Voting Parity Stock), and (ii) in the case of the removal of any Preferred Director, the vacancy may be filled by 
the vote of the holders of the outstanding Series F Preferred Stock entitled to vote (voting together as a single 
class with holders of any Voting Parity Stock) at the same meeting at which such removal shall be voted. Until 
the time that any such vacancy is filled at a shareholder meeting as provided above, a successor shall be elected 
by the Board to serve until the next such shareholder meeting upon the nomination of the then remaining 
Preferred Director. 
Whenever all dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock and any other stock upon which like voting rights 
have been conferred and are exercisable have been paid in full have been paid for four consecutive dividend 
periods (or otherwise for at least one year), then the right of the holders of Series F Preferred Stock to elect the 
Preferred Stock Directors will cease (but subject always to the same provisions for the vesting of these voting 
rights in the case of any similar non-payment of dividends in respect of future dividend periods), and if no other 
shareholders have like voting rights that are then exercisable, the terms of office of all Preferred Stock Directors 
will immediately terminate. 
We cannot take any of the following actions without the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of 
the outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock: 
• 
create any class or series of shares that ranks, as to dividends or distribution of assets, senior to the 
Series F Preferred Stock: or 
alter or change the provisions of our Articles, the Certificate of Determination governing the Series F 
Preferred Stock or our Bylaws so as to adversely affect the voting powers, preferences or special rights 
of the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock: 
provided, however, that with respect to the occurrence of any event listed in the second bullet point above, so 
long as any shares of Series F Preferred Stock remain outstanding with the terms thereof unchanged or new 
-21-
EFTA01137343
--- PAGE 28 ---
shares of the surviving corporation or entity are issued with the identical terms as the Series F Preferred Stock, in 
each case taking into account that upon the occurrence of this event we may not be the surviving entity, the 
occurrence of any such event shall not be deemed to adversely affect any right, preference, privilege or voting 
power of the Series F Preferred Stock or the holders thereof, and provided, further, that any increase in the 
amount of our authorized common stock or preferred stock or the creation or issuance of any other Parity Stock 
or Junior Stock and any change to the number of directors or number of classes of directors shall not be deemed 
to adversely affect such rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers. 
Under California law, in addition to any required approval by its board of directors or its voting 
shareholders, an amendment to the articles of incorporation of a California corporation also must be approved by 
the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of a class of shares, whether or not such class is 
entitled to a vote by the articles of incorporation, if the amendment proposes to: (i) increase or decrease the 
aggregate number of authorized shares of such class; (ii) effect an exchange, reclassification, or cancellation of 
all or part of the shares of such class; (iii) effect an exchange, or create a right of exchange, of all or part of the 
shares of another class into the shares of such class; (iv) change the rights. preferences, privileges or restrictions 
of the shares of such class; (v) create a new class of shares having rights. preferences or privileges prior to the 
shares of such class, or increase the rights, preferences or privileges or the number of authorized shares of any 
class having rights, preferences or privileges prior to the shares of such class; (vi) in the case of preferred shares, 
divide the shares of any class into series having different rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions or 
authorize the board to do so; or (vii) cancel or otherwise affect dividends on the shares of such class which have 
accrued but have not been paid. 
The holders of Series F Preferred Stock will have no voting rights if we redeem all outstanding Series F 
Preferred Stock (or call for redemption all outstanding Series F Preferred Stock and deposit sufficient funds in a 
trust to effect the redemption) on or before the time the act occurs that would otherwise require a vote. 
Series A Preferred Stock 
The Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of 51.000 per share and is perpetual. The Series A 
Preferred Stock is entitled to receive noncumulative cash dividends at a rate of 6.70% per annum when, as and if 
declared by the board of directors on a quarterly basis. The Series A Preferred Stock has no preemptive rights. is 
not subject to a sinking fund, and is not convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any of our other 
securities. The Series A Preferred Stock is redeemable at our option, from time to time, for cash, (i) either in whole 
or in part on or after January 30, 2017 or (ii) in whole but not in part at any time within 90 days following our good 
faith determination that, as a result of a change or proposed change in law or regulation or an administrative or 
judicial action that there is more than an insubstantial risk that we will not be entitled to treat the full liquidation 
value of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding as Tier I capital. In either case, no redemption premium will 
be paid. 
The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to our common stock, and equally with all existing and future 
series of preferred stock that by their terms do not rank junior to the Series A Preferred Stock, including the 
Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series E Preferred Stock and 
Series F Preferred Stock, with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution 
or winding up. The Series A Preferred Stock generally has no voting rights. However, if dividends on any 
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock are not paid or set aside for payment (whether or not declared) for 
any six dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a single 
class with the holders of all other series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and 
are exercisable, will be entitled to elect two directors to serve on our board of directors until all dividends on the 
Series A Preferred Stock are paid in full for at least four consecutive dividend periods. The holders of our 
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series E 
Preferred Stock and Series F Preferred Stock together will not have the right to elect more than two directors to 
serve on our board of directors. In addition, the affirmative vote of holders of at least two•thirds of the 
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be required to (i) create any class or series of shares that 
EFTA01137344
--- PAGE 29 ---
ranks, as to dividends and distributions upon liquidation, senior to the Series A Preferred Stock or (ii) alter or 
change the provisions of our Articles, the certificate of determination governing the Series A Preferred Stock or 
our Bylaws so as to adversely affect the voting powers, preferences or special rights of the holders of the 
Series A Preferred Stock. 
Series B Preferred Stock 
The Series B Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share and is perpetual. The Series B 
Preferred Stock is entitled to receive noncumulative cash dividends at a rate of 6.20% per annum when, as and if 
declared by the board of directors on a quarterly basis. The Series B Preferred Stock has no pre-emptive rights, is 
not subject to a sinking fund, and is not convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any of our other 
securities. The Series B Preferred Stock is redeemable at our option. from time to time, for cash, (i) either in 
whole or in part on or after June 1.2017 or (ii) in whole but not in part at any time within 90 days following our 
good faith determination that, as a result of a change or proposed change in law or regulation or an administrative 
or judicial action that there is more than an insubstantial risk that we will not be entitled to treat the full 
liquidation value of the Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding as Tier I capital. In either case, no redemption 
premium will be paid. 
The Series B Preferred Stock ranks senior to our common stock, and equally with all existing and future 
series of preferred stock that by their terms do not rank junior to the Series B Preferred Stock, including the 
Series A Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series E Preferred Stock and 
Series F Preferred Stock, with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution 
or winding up. The Series B Preferred Stock generally has no voting rights. However, if dividends on any 
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock are not paid or set aside for payment (whether or not declared) for 
any six dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a single 
class with the holders of all other series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and 
are exercisable, will be entitled to elect two directors to serve on our board of directors until all dividends on the 
Series B Preferred Stock are paid in full for at least four consecutive dividend periods. The holders of our 
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series E 
Preferred Stock and Series F Preferred Stock together will not have the right to elect more than two directors to 
serve on our board of directors. In addition, the affirmative vote of holders of at least two•thirds of the 
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock will be required to (i) create any class or series of shares that 
ranks, as to dividends and distributions upon liquidation, senior to the Series B Preferred Stock or (ii) alter or 
change the provisions of our Articles, the certificate of determination governing the Series B Preferred Stock or 
our Bylaws so as to adversely affect the voting powers, preferences or special rights of the holders of the Series B 
Preferred Stock. 
Series C Preferred Stock 
The Series C Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of $1.000 per share and is perpetual. The Series C 
Preferred Stock is entitled to receive noncumulative cash dividends at a rate of 5.625% per annum when, as and 
if declared by the board of directors on a quarterly basis. The Series C Preferred Stock has no pre-emptive rights. 
is not subject to a sinking fund, and is not convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any of our other 
securities. The Series C Preferred Stock is redeemable at our option. from time to time, for cash, (i) either in 
whole or in part on or after December 29. 2017 or (ii) in whole but not in part at any time within 90 days 
following our good faith determination that, as a result of a change or proposed change in law or regulation or an 
administrative or judicial action that there is more than an insubstantial risk that we will not be entitled to treat 
the full liquidation value of the Series C Preferred Stock then outstanding as Tier 1 capital. In either case, no 
redemption premium will be paid. 
The Series C Preferred Stock ranks senior to our common stock, and equally with all existing and future 
series of preferred stock that by their terms do not rank junior to the Series C Preferred Stock, including the 
Series A Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series E Preferred Stock and 
-23-
EFTA01137345
--- PAGE 30 ---
Series F Preferred Stock, with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution 
or winding up. The Series C Preferred Stock generally has no voting rights. However, if dividends on any 
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock are not paid or set aside for payment (whether or not declared) for 
any six dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a single 
class with the holders of all other series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and 
are exercisable, will be entitled to elect two directors to serve on our board of directors until all dividends on the 
Series C Preferred Stock are paid in full for at least four consecutive dividend periods. The holders of our 
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series E 
Preferred Stock and Series F Preferred Stock together will not have the right to elect more than two directors to 
serve on our board of directors. In addition, the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the 
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock will be required to (i) create any class or series of shares that 
ranks, as to dividends and distributions upon liquidation, senior to the Series C Preferred Stock or (ii) alter or 
change the provisions of our Articles, the certificate of determination governing the Series C Preferred Stock or 
our Bylaws so as to adversely affect the voting powers, preferences or special rights of the holders of the Series C 
Preferred Stock. 
Series D Preferred Stock 
The Series D Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share and is perpetual. The Series D 
Preferred Stock is entitled to receive noncumulative cash dividends at a rate of 5.50% per annum when, as and if 
declared by the board of directors on a quarterly basis. The Series D Preferred Stock has no pre-emptive rights, is 
not subject to a sinking fund, and is not convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any of our other 
securities. The Series D Preferred Stock is redeemable at our option, from time to time, for cash, (i) either in 
whole or in part on or after June 29, 2018 or (ii) in whole but not in part at any time within 90 days following our 
good faith determination that, as a result of a change or proposed change in law or regulation or an administrative 
or judicial action that there is more than an insubstantial risk that we will not be entitled to treat the full 
liquidation value of the Series D Preferred Stock then outstanding as Tier I capital. In either case, no redemption 
premium will be paid. 
The Series D Preferred Stock ranks senior to our common stock, and equally with all existing and future 
series of preferred stock that by their terms do not rank junior to the Series D Preferred Stock, including the 
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series E Preferred Stock and 
Series F Preferred Stock, with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution 
or winding up. The Series D Preferred Stock generally has no voting rights. However, if dividends on any 
outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock are not paid or set aside for payment (whether or not declared) for 
any six dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), holders of the Series D Preferred Stock, voting as a single 
class with the holders of all other series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and 
are exercisable, will be entitled to elect two directors to serve on our board of directors until all dividends on the 
Series D Preferred Stock are paid in full for at least four consecutive dividend periods. The holders of our 
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series E 
Preferred Stock and Series F Preferred Stock together will not have the right to elect more than two directors to 
serve on our board of directors. In addition, the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the 
outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock will be required to (i) create any class or series of shares that 
ranks, as to dividends and distributions upon liquidation, senior to the Series D Preferred Stock or (ii) alter or 
change the provisions of our Articles, the certificate of determination governing the Series D Preferred Stock or 
our Bylaws so as to adversely affect the voting powers. preferences or special rights of the holders of the 
Series D Preferred Stock. 
Series E Preferred Stock 
The Series E Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share and is perpetual. The Series E 
Preferred Stock is entitled to receive noncumulative cash dividends at a rate of 7.00% per annum when, as and if 
declared by the board of directors on a quarterly basis. The Series E Preferred Stock has no pre-emptive rights, is 
not subject to a sinking fund, and is not convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any of our other 
-24-
EFTA01137346
--- PAGE 31 ---
securities. The Series E Preferred Stock is redeemable at our option, from time to time, for cash, (i) either in 
whole or in part on or after December 28, 2018 or (ii) in whole but not in part at any time within 90 days 
following our good faith determination that, as a result of a change or proposed change in law or regulation or an 
administrative or judicial action that there is more than an insubstantial risk that we will not be entitled to treat 
the full liquidation value of the Series E Preferred Stock then outstanding as Tier 1 capital. In either case, no 
redemption premium will be paid. 
The Series E Preferred Stock ranks senior to ow common stock, and equally with all existing and future 
series of preferred stock that by their terms do not rank junior to the Series E Preferred Stock, including the 
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock and Series 
F Preferred Stock, with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or 
winding up. The Series E Preferred Stock generally has no voting rights. However, if dividends on any 
outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock are not paid or set aside for payment (whether or not declared) for 
any six dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), holders of the Series E Preferred Stock, voting as a single 
class with the holders of all other series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and 
are exercisable, will be entitled to elect two directors to serve on our board of directors until all dividends on the 
Series E Preferred Stock are paid in full for at least four consecutive dividend periods. The holders of our 
Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series E 
Preferred Stock and Series F Preferred Stock together will not have the right to elect more than two directors to 
serve on our board of directors. In addition, the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the 
outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock will be required to (i) create any class or series of shares that 
ranks, as to dividends and distributions upon liquidation, senior to the Series E Preferred Stock or (ii) alter or 
change the provisions of our Articles, the certificate of determination governing the Series E Preferred Stock or 
our Bylaws so as to adversely affect the voting powers, preferences or special rights of the holders of the Series E 
Preferred Stock. 
Regulatory Risk of Voting Rights 
Although we do not believe that any series of our preferred stock is considered "voting securities" for 
purposes of the BHCA, if one or more series were to become a class of "voting securities," whether because we 
have missed six dividend payments and, as a result, holders of the preferred stock have the right to elect 
directors, or for other reasons, a company that owns or controls 25% or more of such class, or less than 25% if it 
otherwise exercises any "controlling influence" over us (including by holding more than 25% or, in some cases, 
more than one-third of our total equity), may then be subject to regulation as a bank holding company in 
accordance with the BHCA. In addition, if our preferred stock becomes voting securities: 
• 
any bank holding company may be required to obtain the prior approval of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System ("Federal Reserve") to acquire or retain more than 5% of the then-
outstanding preferred stock; 
• 
any person (or group of persons acting in concert) other than a bank holding company may be required 
to obtain the approval of the FDIC to acquire or retain 10% or more of the preferred stock; and 
• 
any person may be required to obtain the prior approval of the Commissioner before acquiring 
"control" of us, as defined in California statutes and regulations. 
Holders of our preferred stock should consult their own counsel with regard to regulatory implications. 
-25-
EFTA01137347
--- PAGE 32 ---
DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES 
General 
The Series F Preferred Stock will be deposited with Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust 
Company, N.A., collectively, as depositary, under a deposit agreement. Each depositary share will represent a 
1/40th fractional ownership interest in a share of Series F Preferred Stock. Subject to the terms of the deposit 
agreement, each holder of a depositary share will be entitled to all the rights and preferences of a 1/40th 
fractional ownership interest in a share of Series F Preferred Stock (including dividend, voting, redemption and 
liquidation rights and preferences). Immediately following our issuance of the Series F Preferred Stock, we will 
deposit the Series F Preferred Stock with the depositary, which upon our instructions will issue and deliver the 
depositary shares to DTC for credit to the accounts of such participants of DTC and in such amounts as Merrill 
Lynch. Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC shall 
specify. 
Listing 
We have applied to list the depositary shares on the NYSE under the symbol "FRC-PrF." If the application 
is approved, trading of the depositary shares on the NYSE is expected to begin within 30 days after the date of 
initial delivery of the depositary shares. See "Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest)." The Series F Preferred Stock 
will not be listed, and we do not expect that there will be any trading market for the Series F Preferred Stock 
except as represented by depositary shares. 
Dividends 
Each dividend payable on a depositary share will be in an amount equal to I/40th of the dividend declared 
and payable on each share of Series F Preferred Stock. 
The depositary will distribute all cash dividends paid on the Series F Preferred Stock to the record holders of 
the depositary shares in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by the holders. The depositary will 
distribute only such amount, however, as can be distributed without attributing to any holder of depositary shares 
a fraction of one cent, and any balance not so distributable will be held by the depositary (without liability for 
interest thereon) and will be added to and be treated as part of the next sum received by the depositary for 
distribution to record holders of depositary shares then outstanding. 
If a dividend is other than in cash and it is feasible for the depositary to distribute the property it receives, 
the depositary, upon written instructions from us, will distribute the property to the record holders of the 
depositary shares. If such a distribution is not feasible and we so direct, the depositary will sell on behalf of the 
holders of depositary shares the property and distribute the net proceeds from the sale to the holders of the 
depositary shares in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by the holders. 
Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the depositary shares will be the 
same as the corresponding record dates for the Series F Preferred Stock. 
The amounts distributed to holders of depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be 
withheld by the depositary or by us on account of taxes or other governmental charges. The depositary may 
refuse to make any payment or distribution, or any transfer, exchange or withdrawal of any depositary shares or 
the Series F Preferred Stock until such taxes or other governmental charges are paid. To the extent that the 
depositary determines that amounts are required to be withheld in relation to the distribution of any property 
pursuant to the deposit agreement. the depositary may, in certain circumstances, sell all or a portion of such 
property to pay such taxes and distribute the balance of the net proceeds (after the deduction of such taxes) to the 
holder of the depositary shares in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by the holder. 
EFTA01137348
--- PAGE 33 ---
Liquidation Preference 
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, the holders of the depositary shares 
will be entitled to I/40th of the liquidation preference accorded each share of Series F Preferred Stock. 
If we consolidate or merge with or into any other entity or we sell, lease, transfer or convey all or 
substantially all of our property or business, we will not be deemed to have liquidated, dissolved or wound up. In 
the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. a holder of depositary shares will receive the fraction of 
the liquidation preference accorded each share of underlying Series F Preferred Stock represented by the 
depositary shares. 
Redemption 
Whenever we redeem any of the Series F Preferred Stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem 
as of the same redemption date, from the proceeds received by the depositary resulting from the redemption of 
the Series F Preferred Stock held by the depositary, the number of depositary shares representing the redeemed 
Series F Preferred Stock. A notice of the redemption furnished by us will be mailed by the depositary by first 
class mail, postage prepaid, not less than 30 nor more than 6O days before the date fixed for redemption thereof, 
addressed to the respective holders of record of the depositary shares to be redeemed at their respective addresses 
as they appear on the share transfer records of the depositary (provided, however, that if the depositary shares are 
held in book-entry form through DTC, we may give this notice in any manner permitted by DTC). A failure to 
give such notice or any defect in the notice or in ow mailing will not affect the validity of the proceedings for the 
redemption of any shares of Series F Preferred Stock or depositary shares except as to the holder to whom notice 
was defective or not given. Each notice shall state: 
• 
the redemption date: 
• 
the redemption price; 
• 
if fewer than all shares of Series F Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the number of shares of Series F 
Preferred Stock to be redeemed (and the corresponding number of depositary shares); and 
• 
the place or places where the depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares are to be surrendered 
for payment of the redemption price. 
If we redeem fewer than all of the outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock, the depositary will select 
the corresponding number of depositary shares to be redeemed pro rata or by lot. In any such case, depositary 
shares will be redeemed only in increments of 40 depositary shares and any integral multiple thereof, and the 
notice mailed to such holder shall also specify the number of depositary shares to be redeemed from such holder. 
The holders of depositary shares at the close of business on a dividend record date will be entitled to receive 
the dividend payable with respect to the depositary shares evidenced by such depositary shares on the 
corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the redemption of the depositary shares between such 
dividend record date and the corresponding dividend payment date or our default in the payment of the dividend 
due. Except as provided above, we will make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends on the Series F 
Preferred Stock or depositary shares to be redeemed. 
Voting 
Because each depositary share represents a I/40th ownership interest in a share of Series F Preferred Stock, 
holders of depositary receipts will be entitled to vote I/40th of a vote per depositary share under those limited 
circumstances in which holders of the Series F Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, as described above in 
"Description of Series F Preferred Stock—Voting Rights." 
-27-
EFTA01137349
--- PAGE 34 ---
When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series F Preferred Stock are 
entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the 
depositary shares relating to the Series F Preferred Stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the 
record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series F Preferred Stock, may instruct the 
depositary to vote the amount of the Series F Preferred Stock represented by the holder's depositary shares. To 
the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the Series F Preferred Stock represented by depositary 
shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree to take all reasonable actions that the 
depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not 
receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary shares representing the Series F Preferred Stock, 
it will abstain from voting with respect to such shares (but shall appear at the meeting with respect to such shares 
unless directed to the contrary). 
Withdrawal of Series F Preferred Stock 
Upon surrender of depositary shares at the principal office of the depositary, upon payment of any unpaid 
amount due the depositary, and subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, the owner of the depositary shares 
evidenced thereby is entitled to delivery of the number of shares of Series F Preferred Stock and all money and 
other property, if any, represented by such depositary shares. Only whole shares of Series F Preferred Stock may 
be withdrawn. If the depositary shares surrendered by the holder in connection with withdrawal exceed the 
number of depositary shares that represent the number of whole shares of Series F Preferred Stock to be 
withdrawn, the depositary will deliver to that holder at the same time a new depositary receipt evidencing the 
excess number of depositary shares. Holders of Series F Preferred Stock thus withdrawn will not thereafter be 
entitled to deposit such shares under the deposit agreement or to receive depositary shares therefor. 
The Deposit Agreement 
We will enter into a deposit agreement with Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., 
collectively, as depositary. We and the depositary may amend any form of certificate evidencing the depositary 
shares and any provision of the deposit agreement. However, unless the existing holders of at least a majority of 
the depositary shares then outstanding have approved the amendment, we and the depositary may not make any 
amendment that: 
• 
would materially and adversely alter the rights of the holders of depositary shares; or 
• 
would be materially and adversely inconsistent with the rights granted to the holders of the underlying 
Series F Preferred Stock. 
Except in order to comply with the law, no amendment may (i) impair the right of any holders of the 
depositary shares to surrender their depositary shares with instructions to deliver the Series F Preferred Stock and 
all money and other property represented by the depositary shares or (ii) alter the tax treatment set forth herein 
under the caption "Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations." Every holder of outstanding depositary 
shares at the time any amendment becomes effective who continues to hold the depositary shares will be deemed 
to consent and agree to the amendment and to be bound by the amended deposit agreement. 
We may terminate the deposit agreement at any time with 30 days notice to the depositary. and the 
depositary will give notice of that termination to the record holders of all outstanding depositary receipts. 
Upon a termination of the deposit agreement. holders of the depositary shares may surrender their 
depositary shares and receive in exchange the number of whole shares of Series F Preferred Stock and any other 
property represented by the depositary shares. 
In addition, the deposit agreement will automatically terminate if: 
• 
we redeem all outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock and the depositary has distributed 
proceeds to the holders of depositary shares; or 
-28-
EFTA01137350
--- PAGE 35 ---
• 
a final distribution of the Series F Preferred Stock in connection with any liquidation, dissolution or 
winding up has occurred, and the depositary has distributed the distribution to the holders of the 
depositary shares. 
Charges of the Depositary 
We will pay all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of the 
depositary arrangements. We will pay charges of the depositary in connection with the initial deposit of the 
Series F Preferred Stock and initial issuance of depositary shares, any redemption of the Series F Preferred Stock 
and all withdrawals of Series F Preferred Stock by owners of depositary shares. Holders of depositary shares will 
pay any transfer, income and other taxes and governmental charges and any charges as are provided in the 
deposit agreement to be for their accounts. 
Resignation and Removal of the Depositary 
The depositary may resign at any time by delivering to us notice of its election to resign. We may also 
remove or replace a depositary at any time. Any resignation or removal will take effect upon the earlier of the 
appointment of a successor depositary and 60 days following such notice. We will appoint a successor depositary 
within 60 days after delivery of the notice of resignation or removal. The successor must be a bank or trust 
company with its principal office in the United States and have a combined capital and surplus of at least $50 
million. 
Miscellaneous 
The depositary will forward to the holders of depositary shares any reports and communications from us 
with respect to the underlying Series F Preferred Stock. Neither we nor the depositary will be liable if any law or 
any circumstances beyond their control prevent or delay them from performing their obligations under the 
deposit agreement. The obligations of ours and a depositary under the deposit agreement will be limited to 
performing their duties without bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct. Neither we nor a depositary 
must prosecute or defend any legal proceeding with respect to any depositary shares or the underlying Series F 
Preferred Stock unless they are furnished with satisfactory indemnity. Both we and the depositary may rely on 
the written advice of counsel or accountants, or information provided by holders of depositary shares or other 
persons they believe in good faith to be competent. and on documents they believe in good faith to be genuine 
and signed by a proper party. In the event a depositary receives conflicting claims, requests or instructions from 
us and any holders of depositary shares, the depositary will be entitled to act on the claims, requests or 
instructions received from us. 
Book Entry, Delivery and Form 
DTC acts as securities depositary for the depositary shares. The depositary shares sold in this offering will 
be registered in the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by 
an authorized representative of DTC. 
DTC has advised us that it is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law, 
a "banking organization" within the meaning of New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve 
System, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a 
"clearing agency" registered under the provisions of Section I7A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that 
its participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the post-trade settlement among 
Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions in deposited securities through electronic 
computerized book-entry transfers and pledges between Direct Participants' accounts. This eliminates the need 
for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations, and certain other organizations. DTC is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depositary Trust & Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"). DTCC is the holding 
-29-
EFTA01137351
--- PAGE 36 ---
company for DTC. National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of 
which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the 
DTC system is also available to others such as both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies, and clearing corporations that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct 
Participant, either directly or through intermediaries ("Indirect Participants"). The rules applicable to DTC and its 
Direct and Indirect Participants are on file with the SEC. More information about DTC can be found at 
www.dtcc.com. 
Purchases of depositary shares under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, 
which will receive a credit for the depositary shares on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual 
purchase of depositary shares (the "beneficial owner") is in turn recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants' 
records. Beneficial owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase. Beneficial owners 
are, however, expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic 
statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the beneficial owner entered 
into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interest in the depositary shares will be accomplished by entries 
made on the books of Direct and Indirect Participants acting on behalf of beneficial owners. Beneficial owners 
will not receive certificates representing their ownership interest in the depositary shares, except in the event that 
use of the book-entry system for the depositary shares is discontinued. Conveyance of notices and other 
communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct 
Participants and Indirect Participants to beneficial owners will be governed by arrangements among them. 
subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, the depositary shares deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are 
registered in the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an 
authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of depositary shares with DTC and its registration in the name of 
Cede & Co. or such other nominee do not effect any change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of 
the actual beneficial owners of the depositary shares: DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct 
Participants to whose accounts are credited, which may or may not be the beneficial owners. The Direct and 
Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
In those instances where a vote is required, neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will 
consent or vote with respect to the depositary shares unless authorized by a Direct Participant. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an omnibus proxy to us as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy 
assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the depositary 
shares are credited on the record date, which accounts are identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy. 
Redemption proceeds. distributions and dividend payments on the depositary shares will be made to Cede & 
Co.. or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. DTC's practice is to 
credit Direct Participants' accounts, upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from us 
or our agent on the payable date in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC's records. Payments 
by Direct or Indirect Participants to beneficial owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street 
name." and will be the responsibility of such Direct or Indirect Participant and not of DTC (nor its nominee), us 
or any agent of ours, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Payment of redemption proceeds, distributions and dividends to Cede & Co. (or such other DTC nominee) is the 
responsibility of us or our agent, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants will be the responsibility 
of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the beneficial owners will be the responsibility of Direct and 
Indirect Participants. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depositary with respect to the depositary shares at 
any time by giving reasonable notice to us or our agent. Additionally, we may decide to discontinue the book-
entry only system of transfers with respect to the depositary shares. Under such circumstances, if a successor 
depository is not obtained, we will print and deliver certificates in fully registered form for the depositary shares. 
-30-
EFTA01137352
--- PAGE 37 ---
The information in this section concerning DTC and DTC's book•entry system has been obtained from 
sources that we believe to be reliable, but we take no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
Transfer Restrictions 
All of our depositary shares will be offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. and other exemptions provided by the laws of the United States and other 
jurisdictions where such securities were offered and sold. Our depositary shares may only be transferred or sold 
in compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign securities laws. 
-31-
EFTA01137353
--- PAGE 38 ---
MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following is a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to the purchase. 
ownership and disposition of the depositary shares. The summary is limited to taxpayers who will hold the 
depositary shares as "capital assets." This section does not apply to you if you are a member of a special class of 
holders subject to special rules, including: 
• 
a dealer in securities or currencies: 
• 
a financial institution; 
• 
a regulated investment company; 
• 
a real estate investment trust; 
• 
an insurance company; 
• 
a tax-exempt organization; 
• 
a person holding our depositary shares as part of a hedging, integrated or conversion transaction, a 
constructive sale or a straddle; 
• 
a person that purchases or sells our depositary shares as part of a wash sale for tax purposes: 
• 
a trader in securities that has elected the mark•to•market method of accounting for its securities; 
• 
a person liable for alternative minimum tax; 
• 
a person who owns 10% or more of our voting stock: 
• 
a partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes: or 
• 
a U.S. holder (as defined below) whose "functional currency" is not the U.S. dollar. 
The following summary is based upon current provisions of the Code, Treasury regulations and judicial or 
administrative authority, all of which arc subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. State, local and 
foreign tax consequences are not summarized. In addition, this section is based in part upon the assumption that 
each obligation in the deposit agreement and any related agreement will be performed in accordance with its 
terms. 
If a partnership (or an entity treated as a partnership for tax purposes) holds depositary shares, the tax 
treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If 
you are a partner in a partnership holding depositary shares, you should consult your tax advisors. 
You should consult your own tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal, state and local and other tax 
consequences of owning and disposing of depositary shares in your particular circumstances. 
In general. and taking into account the assumptions described earlier, beneficial owners of depositary shares 
will be treated as owners of a proportionate amount of the underlying Series F Preferred Stock for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. 
US. Holders 
This subsection describes the tax consequences to a U.S. holder. You are a U.S. holder if you are a 
beneficial owner of depositary shares for U.S. federal income tax purposes and you are: 
• 
a citizen or resident of the United States. 
• 
a domestic corporation, 
• 
an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source, or 
• 
a trust if a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the trust's administration and one or more 
U.S. persons are authorized to control all substantial decisions of the trust. 
-32-
EFTA01137354
--- PAGE 39 ---
If you are not a U.S. holder, this subsection does not apply to you and you should refer to "—Non-U.S. 
holders" below. 
Dividends 
Dividends paid on depositary shares will be dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent 
paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
and will be taxable as income. To the extent that the amount of any dividend paid on a depositary share exceeds 
our current and accumulated earnings and profits attributable to that depositary share, the dividend will be treated 
first as a return of capital and will be applied against and reduce your adjusted tax basis (but not below zero) in 
that depositary share. This reduction in basis would increase any gain or reduce any loss realized by you on the 
subsequent sale, redemption or other disposition of your depositary shares. The amount of any such dividend in 
excess of your adjusted tax basis will then be taxed as gain from the sale or exchange of your depositary shares. 
For purposes of the remainder of this discussion, it is assumed that dividends paid with respect to the depositary 
share will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
If you are a corporation, dividends that are received by you will generally be eligible for a 70% dividends-
received deduction under the Code if you meet certain holding period and other applicable requirements. If you 
are a non-corporate U.S. holder, dividends paid to you will generally qualify for taxation at special rates if you 
meet certain holding period and other applicable requirements. 
In general, for purposes of meeting the holding period requirements for both the dividends-received 
deduction and the special rate on dividends described above, you may not count towards your holding period any 
period in which you have diminished your risk of loss by holding one or more other positions with respect to 
substantially similar or related property. In addition, the dividends-received deduction. as well as the special rate 
on dividends, are disallowed if the recipient of a dividend is obligated to make related payments with respect to 
positions in substantially similar or related property. This disallowance applies even if the minimum holding 
period has been met. 
You should consider the effect of section 246A of the Code, which reduces the dividends-received 
deduction allowed with respect to "debt-financed portfolio stock." The Code also imposes a 20% alternative 
minimum tax on corporations. In some circumstances, the portion of dividends subject to the dividends-received 
deduction will serve to increase a corporation's minimum tax base for purposes of the determination of the 
alternative minimum tax. 
You should consult your own tax adviser in determining the application of these rules in light of your 
particular circumstances. 
Dispositions, Including Redemptions 
A sale, exchange or other disposition of depositary shares will generally result in gain or loss equal to the 
difference between the amount realized upon the disposition and your adjusted tax basis in the depositary share, 
which will generally equal your purchase price for the depositary share, subject to reduction (if applicable) as 
described under the caption "—Dividends" above. Such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss and will be long-
term capital gain or loss if your holding period for the depositary share exceeds one year. Long-term capital gain 
recognized by a non-corporate U.S. holder is generally eligible for reduced rates of taxation. The deductibility of 
capital losses is subject to limitations. 
A redemption of depositary shares for cash will be treated as a sale or exchange if it is ( I) "not substantially 
equivalent to a dividend," (2) "substantially disproportionate" with respect to you, (3) "in complete redemption" 
of your interest in our depositary shares, or (4) if you are not a corporate holder, "in partial liquidation," each of 
the above within the meaning of Section 302(b) of the Code. In determining whether any of these tests has been 
met, depositary shares considered to be owned by you by reason of certain constructive ownership rules set forth 
-33-
EFTA01137355
--- PAGE 40 ---
in Section 318 of the Code, as well as depositary shares actually owned by you, must generally be taken into 
account. Because the determination as to whether any of the alternative tests of Section 302(b) of the Code will 
be satisfied with respect to any particular U.S. holder of the depositary shares depends upon the facts and 
circumstances at the time that the determination must be made, prospective U.S. holders of the depositary shares 
are advised to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax treatment of a redemption. If a redemption of 
depositary shares is treated as a sale or exchange, it will be taxable as described in the preceding paragraph. If a 
redemption is treated as a distribution, the entire amount received will be treated as a distribution and will be 
taxable as described under the caption "—Dividends" above. 
Medicare Tar 
A U.S. holder that is an individual or estate, or a trust that does not fall into a special class of trusts that is 
exempt from such tax, is subject to a 3.8% tax on the lesser of (1) the U.S. holder's "net investment income" (or 
"undistributed net investment income" in the case of an estate or trust) for the relevant taxable year and (2) the 
excess of the U.S. holder's modified adjusted gross income for the taxable year over a certain threshold (which in 
the case of individuals will be between $125,000 and $250,000, depending on the individual's circumstances). A 
U.S. holder's net investment income includes its dividend income and its net gains from the disposition of the 
depositary shares, unless such dividends or net gains are derived in the ordinary course of the conduct of a trade 
or business (other than a trade or business that consists of certain passive or trading activities). If you are a U.S. 
holder that is an individual, estate or trust, you are urged to consult your tax advisors regarding the applicability 
of the Medicare tax to your income and gains in respect of your investment in the depositary shares. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
If you are a U.S. holder, you will generally be subject to information reporting with respect to any dividend 
payments by us to you and proceeds of the sale or other disposition by you of our depositary shares, unless you 
are an exempt recipient and appropriately establish that exemption. In addition, such payments will generally be 
subject to United States federal backup withholding unless you supply a taxpayer identification number, certified 
under penalties of perjury, as well as certain other information or otherwise establish an exemption from backup 
withholding. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a credit against your 
United States federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished to the Internal 
Revenue Service. 
Non-US. Holders 
The discussion in this section is addressed to non-U.S. holders of the depositary shares. You are a non-U.S. 
holder if you are not a U.S. holder. 
Dividends 
Except as described below, if you are a non-U.S. holder of depositary shares, dividends paid to you are 
subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a 30% rate or at a lower rate if you are eligible for the 
benefits of an income tax treaty that provides for a lower rate. Even if you are eligible for a lower treaty rate, we 
and other payors will generally be required to withhold at a 30% rate (rather than the lower treaty rate) on 
dividend payments to you, unless you have furnished to us or another payor: 
• 
a valid Internal Revenue Service Fonn W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E or an acceptable substitute form upon 
which you certify, under penalties of perjury, your status as a non-U.S. person and your entitlement to 
the lower treaty rate with respect to such payments, or 
• 
in the case of payments made outside the United States to an offshore account (generally, an account 
maintained by you at an office or branch of a bank or other financial institution at any location outside 
the United States), other documentary evidence establishing your entitlement to the lower treaty rate in 
accordance with U.S. Treasury regulations. 
-34-
EFTA01137356
--- PAGE 41 ---
If you are eligible for a reduced rate of U.S. withholding tax under a tax treaty, you may obtain a refund of any 
amounts withheld in excess of that rate by timely filing a refund claim with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
If dividends paid to you are "effectively connected" with your conduct of a trade or business within the 
United States, and, if required by a tax treaty, the dividends are attributable to a permanent establishment that 
you maintain in the United States, we and other payors generally are not required to withhold tax from the 
dividends, provided that you have furnished to us or another payor a valid Internal Revenue Service Form 
W-8ECI or an acceptable substitute form upon which you represent, under penalties of perjury. that: 
• 
you are a non-U.S. person, and 
• 
the dividends are effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business within the United 
States and are includible in your gross income. 
"Effectively connected" dividends are taxed at rates applicable to U.S. citizens, resident aliens and domestic U.S. 
corporations. 
If you are a corporate non-U.S. holder, "effectively connected" dividends that you receive may, under 
certain circumstances, be subject to an additional "branch profits tax" at a 30% rate or at a lower rate if you are 
eligible for the benefits of an income tax treaty that provides for a lower rate. 
Dispositions, Including Redemptions 
If you are a non-U.S. holder, you generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on gain that you 
recognize on a disposition or redemption of the depositary shares unless: 
• 
the gain is "effectively connected" with your conduct of a trade or business in the United States, and 
the gain is attributable to a permanent establishment that you maintain in the United States, if that is 
required by an applicable income tax treaty as a condition for subjecting you to U.S. taxation on a net 
income basis, 
you are an individual, you hold the depositary shares as a capital asset, you are present in the United 
States for 183 or more days in the taxable year of the sale and certain other conditions exist, or 
• 
we are or have been a U.S. real property holding corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and 
you held, directly or indirectly, at any time during the five-year period ending on the date of 
disposition, more than 5% of the depositary shares and you are not eligible for any treaty exemption. 
If you are a corporate non-U.S. holder, "effectively connected" gains that you recognize may also, under 
certain circumstances, be subject to an additional "branch profits tax" at a 30% rate or at a lower rate if you are 
eligible for the benefits of an income tax treaty that provides for a lower rate. 
We have not been. are not and do not anticipate becoming a U.S. real property holding corporation for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, commonly known as the Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act ("FATCA"), a 30% withholding tax ("FATCA withholding") may be imposed on certain 
payments to you or to certain foreign financial institutions, investment funds and other non-U.S. persons 
receiving payments on your behalf if you or such persons fail to comply with certain information reporting 
requirements. Such payments will include U.S.-source dividends and the gross proceeds from the sale or other 
disposition of shares that can produce U.S.-source dividends. Payments of dividends that you receive in respect 
of the depositary shares could be affected by this withholding if you are subject to the FATCA information 
reporting requirements and fail to comply with them or if you hold depositary shares through a non-U.S. person 
(e.g., a foreign bank or broker) that fails to comply with these requirements (even if payments to you would not 
-35-
EFTA01137357
--- PAGE 42 ---
otherwise have been subject to FATCA withholding). Payments of gross proceeds from a sale or other 
disposition of depositary shares could also be subject to FATCA withholding unless such disposition occurs 
before January 1, 2017. You should consult your own tax advisors regarding the relevant U.S. law and other 
official guidance on FATCA withholding. 
Federal Estate Tares 
Depositary shares held by a non-U.S. holder at the time of death will be included in the holder's gross estate 
for U.S. federal estate tax purposes. unless an applicable estate tax treaty provides otherwise. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
If you are a non-U.S. holder. we and other payors are required to report payments of dividends on Internal 
Revenue Service Form 1042-S even if the payments are exempt from withholding. You are otherwise generally 
exempt from backup withholding and information reporting requirements with respect to: 
• 
dividend payments and 
• 
the payment of the proceeds from the sale of depositary shares effected at a U.S. office of a broker. 
as long as the income associated with such payments is othenvise exempt from U.S. federal income tax, and: 
• 
the payor or broker does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that you are a U.S. person and 
you have furnished to the payor or broker: 
• 
a valid Internal Revenue Service Form W-SBEN or W-SBEN-E or an acceptable substitute form 
upon which you certify, under penalties of perjury, that you are a non-U.S. person, or 
other documentation upon which it may rely to treat the payments as made to a non-U.S. person in 
accordance with U.S. Treasury regulations, or 
you otherwise establish an exemption. 
Payment of the proceeds from the sale of depositary shares effected at a foreign office of a broker generally 
will not be subject to information reporting or backup withholding. However, a sale of depositary shares that is 
effected at a foreign office of a broker will be subject to information reporting and backup withholding if: 
• 
the proceeds are transferred to an account maintained by you in the United States, 
• 
the payment of proceeds or the confirmation of the sale is mailed to you at a U.S. address, or 
• 
the sale has some other specified connection with the U.S. as provided in U.S. Treasury regulations, 
unless the broker does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that you are a U.S. person and the 
documentation requirements described above are met or you othenvise establish an exemption. 
In addition, a sale of depositary shares will be subject to information reporting if it is effected at a foreign 
office of a broker that is: 
• 
a U.S. person, 
• 
a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. tax purposes, 
• 
a foreign person 50% or more of whose gross income is effectively connected with the conduct of a 
U.S. trade or business for a specified three-year period, or 
• 
a foreign partnership, if at any time during its tax year: 
• one or more of its partners are "U.S. persons", as defined in U.S. Treasury regulations, who in the 
aggregate hold more than 50% of the income or capital interest in the partnership, or 
• such foreign partnership is engaged in the conduct of a U.S. trade or business, 
-36-
EFTA01137358
--- PAGE 43 ---
unless the broker does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that you are a U.S. person and the 
documentation requirements described above are met or you otherwise establish an exemption. Backup 
withholding will apply if the sale is subject to information reporting and the broker has actual knowledge that 
you are a U.S. person. 
You generally may obtain a credit or refund of any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules 
that exceed your income tax liability by timely filing a refund claim with the Internal Revenue Service. 
-37. 
EFTA01137359
--- PAGE 44 ---
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
A fiduciary of a pension, profit-sharing or other employee benefit plan (each, a "Plan") subject to the 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), should consider the fiduciary 
standards of ERISA in the context of the Plan's particular circumstances before authorizing an investment in our 
depositary shares. Among other factors, the fiduciary should consider whether the investment would satisfy the 
prudence and diversification requirements of ERISA and would be consistent with the documents and 
instruments governing the Plan, and whether the investment would involve a prohibited transaction under ERISA 
or the Code. 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit Plans, as well as individual retirement 
accounts, Keogh plans or any other plans that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code (also "Plans"), from 
engaging in certain transactions involving -plan assets" with persons who are "parties in interest" under ERISA 
or "disqualified persons" under the Code with respect to the Plan. A violation of these prohibited transaction 
rules may result in excise tax or other liabilities under ERISA or the Code for those persons, unless exemptive 
relief is available under an applicable statutory, regulatory or administrative exemption. Employee benefit plans 
that are governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in 
Section 3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) ("Non-ERISA 
Arrangements") are not subject to the requirements of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code but 
may be subject to similar provisions under applicable federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other laws ("Similar 
Laws"). 
The acquisition of depositary shares by a Plan or any entity whose underlying assets include "plan assets" 
by reason of any Plan's investment in the entity (a "Plan Asset Entity") with respect to which we or certain of our 
affiliates is or becomes a party in interest or disqualified person may result in a prohibited transaction under 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, unless the depositary shares are acquired pursuant to an applicable 
exemption. The U.S. Department of Labor has issued five prohibited transaction class exemptions, or "PTCEs," 
that may provide exemptive relief if required for direct or indirect prohibited transactions that may arise from the 
purchase or holding of depositary shares. These exemptions are PTCE 84-14 (for certain transactions determined 
by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTCE 90-1 (for certain transactions involving insurance 
company pooled separate accounts), PTCE 91.38 (for certain transactions involving bank collective investment 
funds), PTCE 95.60 (for transactions involving certain insurance company general accounts), and PTCE 96-23 
(for transactions managed by in-house asset managers). In addition, ERISA Section 408(b)(17) and 
Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code provide an exemption for the purchase and sale of securities offered hereby, 
provided that neither the issuer of securities offered hereby nor any of its affiliates have or exercise any 
discretionary authority or control or render any investment advice with respect to the assets of any Plan involved 
in the transaction, and provided, further, that the Plan pays no more and receives no less than "adequate 
consideration" in connection with the transaction (the "service provider exemption"). There can be no assurance 
that all of the conditions of any such exemptions will be satisfied. 
Any purchaser or holder of our depositary shares or any interest therein will be deemed to have represented, 
by its purchase and holding of such depositary, shares offered hereby, that it either (i) is not a Plan, a Plan Asset 
Entity or a Non-ERISA Arrangement and is not purchasing the depositary shares on behalf of or with the assets 
of any Plan, Plan Asset Entity or Non-ERISA Arrangement or (ii) the purchase and holding of the depositary 
shares will not constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code or a similar violation 
under any applicable Similar Laws. 
Due to the complexity of these rules and the penalties that may be imposed upon persons involved in 
non-exempt prohibited transactions, it is important that fiduciaries or other persons considering purchasing 
depositary shares on behalf of or with the assets of any Plan, Plan Asset Entity or Non-ERISA Arrangement 
consult with their counsel regarding the availability of exemptive relief under any of the PICEs listed above, the 
service provider exemption or the potential consequences of any purchase or holding under Similar Laws, as 
applicable. Purchasers of depositary shares have exclusive responsibility for ensuring that their purchase and 
-38-
EFTA01137360
--- PAGE 45 ---
holding of depositary shares do not violate the fiduciary or prohibited transaction rules of ERISA or the Code or 
any similar provisions of Similar Laws. The sale of any depositary shares to a Plan, Plan Asset Entity or 
Non-ERISA Arrangement is in no respect a representation by us or any of our affiliates or representatives that 
such an investment meets all relevant legal requirements with respect to investments by any such Plans, Plan 
Asset Entities or Non-ERISA Arrangements generally or any particular Plan, Plan Asset Entity or Non-ERISA 
Arrangement or that such investment is appropriate for such Plans, Plan Asset Entities or Non-ERISA 
Arrangements generally or any particular Plan, Plan Asset Entity or Non-ERISA Arrangement. 
-39-
EFTA01137361
--- PAGE 46 ---
UNDERWRITING (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST) 
Merrill Lynch, Pierce. Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, and Wells Fargo 
Securities, LLC are acting as representatives of each of the underwriters named below. Subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth in an underwriting agreement between us and the underwriters, we have agreed to sell to the 
underwriters, and each of the underwriters has agreed, severally and not jointly, to purchase from us, the number 
of depositary shares set forth opposite its name below. 
Number 
Underwriter 
of Depositary Shares 
Merrill Lynch, Pierce. Fenner & Smith 
Incorporated  
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC  
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC  
Total  
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the underwriting agreement. the underwriters have agreed, 
severally and not jointly, to purchase all of the depositary shares sold under the undenvriting agreement if any of 
the depositary shares are purchased. If an underwriter defaults, the undenvriting agreement provides that the 
purchase commitments of the non-defaulting underwriters may be increased or the underwriting agreement may 
be terminated. 
We have agreed to indemnify the several underwriters against certain liabilities or to contribute to payments 
the underwriters may be required to make in respect of those liabilities. 
We have agreed for a period from the date of this offering circular through and including the date 30 days 
after the date hereof that we will not, without the prior written consent of the representatives, offer, sell, contract 
to sell or otherwise dispose of any of our securities that are substantially similar to the Series F Preferred Stock or 
the depositary shares, including any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent 
rights to receive, Series F Preferred Stock, depositary, shares or substantially similar securities. 
The underwriters are offering the depositary shares, subject to prior sale, when, as and if sold to and 
accepted by them, subject to the conditions contained in the underwriting agreement. The underwriters reserve 
the right to withdraw, cancel or modify offers to the public and to reject orders in whole or in part. 
The depositary shares are an issue of securities with no established trading market. We have applied to list 
the depositary shares on the NYSE under the symbol "FRC-PrF." If the application is approved, trading of the 
depositary shares on the NYSE is expected to begin within 30 days after the date of initial delivery of the 
depositary shares. However, an active trading market on the NYSE for the depositary shares may not develop or, 
even if it develops, may not last, in which case the trading price of the depositary shares could be adversely 
affected, the difference between bid and asked prices could be substantial and your ability to transfer depositary 
shares will be limited. Because we do not intend to list the underlying Series F Preferred Stock, the Series F 
Preferred Stock will only be transferable in the over-the-counter market, which is unlikely to facilitate the 
development of an active trading market in the Series F Preferred Stock. The lack of an active trading market is 
40-
EFTA01137362
--- PAGE 47 ---
likely to adversely affect the trading price of the Series F Preferred Stock, and the ability to transfer Series F 
Preferred Stock will be limited. 
The expenses of the offering, not including the underwriting discount, are estimated at $ 
and are 
payable by us. 
Conflicts of Interest 
At our request, the underwriters have reserved up to 
depositary shares for sale at the initial public 
offering price to persons having business relationships with us (other than directors and employees) who are 
clients of our wholly-owned subsidiary, First Republic Securities Company, LLC ("FRSC"). FRSC will receive a 
brokerage commission of $ 
per reserved depositary share sold. The number of depositary shares available 
for sale to the general public will be reduced to the extent that these persons purchase the reserved depositary 
shares. Any reserved depositary shares not purchased by these persons will be offered by the underwriters to the 
general public on the same basis as all other depositary shares offered. No reserved shares will be purchased by 
our directors or executive officers. The offering of depositary shares will conform to the requirements of 
Rule 5121 of the Conduct Rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FRSC may not confirm 
sales to any discretionary account without the prior specific written approval of a customer. 
Commissions and Discounts 
The representatives have advised us that the underwriters propose initially to offer the depositary shares to 
the public at the public offering price set forth on the cover page of this offering circular and to dealers at that 
price less a concession not in excess of $ 
per depositary share (or not in excess of $ 
per depositary 
share for certain institutions). The underwriters may allow, and the dealers may reallow, a concession not in 
excess of $ 
per depositary share to other dealers. After the initial offering, the public offering price, 
concession or any other term of the offering may be changed. 
The following table shows the public offering price, undenvriting discount and proceeds, before expenses, 
to us. The information assumes either no exercise or full exercise by the undenvriters of their option to purchase 
additional depositary shares. 
Per Depositary 
Share 
Total Without 
Option 
Total With Option 
Public offering price  
$25.0000 
$ 
$ 
Undenvriting discounts II)  
$ 
$ 
$ 
Proceeds, before expenses, to us 0)  
$ 
$ 
$ 
(I) The underwriting discount of $ 
per depositary share will be deducted from the public offering price, 
except that for sales to certain institutions, the underwriting discount deducted will be $ 
per depositary 
share, and to the extent of those sales, the total underwriting discounts will be less than the total shown 
above, and the total proceeds (before expenses) to us will be more than the total shown above. 
Option to Purchase Additional Securities 
We have granted an option to the undenvriters, exercisable for 30 days after the date of this offering 
circular, to purchase up to 
additional depositary shares at the public offering price, less the underwriting 
discount. If the undenvriters exercise this option, each will be obligated, subject to conditions contained in the 
underwriting agreement, to purchase a number of additional shares proportionate to that underwriter's initial 
amount reflected in the above table. 
-41•
EFTA01137363
--- PAGE 48 ---
Price Stabilization, Short Positions and Penalty Bids 
Until the distribution of the shares is completed, SEC rules may limit underwriters and selling group 
members from bidding for and purchasing our depositary shares. However, the representatives may engage in 
transactions that stabilize the price of the depositary shares, such as bids or purchases to peg, fix or maintain that 
price. 
In connection with the offering, the underwriters may purchase and sell our depositary shares in the open 
market. These transactions may include short sales, purchases on the open market to cover positions created by 
short sales and stabilizing transactions. Short sales involve the sale by the underwriters of a greater number of 
depositary shares than they are required to purchase in the offering. Stabilizing transactions consist of various 
bids for or purchases of depositary shares made by the undenvriters in the open market prior to the completion of 
the offering. 
The underwriters may also impose a penalty bid. This occurs when a particular underwriter repays to the 
underwriters a portion of the underwriting discount received by it because the representatives have repurchased 
depositary shares sold by or for the account of such underwriter in stabilizing or short covering transactions. 
Similar to other purchase transactions, the undenvriters' purchases to cover the syndicate short sales may 
have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our depositary shares or preventing or retarding a 
decline in the market price of our depositary shares. As a result, the price of our depositary shares may be higher 
than the price that might otherwise exist in the open market. The undenvriters may conduct these transactions on 
the NYSE, in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. 
Neither we nor any of the undenvriters make any representation or prediction as to the direction or 
magnitude of any effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of our depositary shares. In 
addition, neither we nor any of the underwriters make any representation that the representatives will engage in 
these transactions or that these transactions, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice. 
Electronic Offer, Sale and Distribution of Depositary Shares 
In connection with the offering, certain of the underwriters or securities dealers may distribute offering 
circulars by electronic means, such as e-mail. In addition, certain of the underwriters may facilitate Internet 
distribution for this offering to certain of their Internet subscription customers and/or may allocate a limited 
number of shares for sale to their online brokerage customers. An electronic offering circular is available on the 
Internet web site maintained by such undenvriter(s). Other than the offering circular in electronic format, the 
information on any such web site is not part of this offering circular. 
Other Relationships 
The underwriters and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various 
activities, which may include sales and trading, commercial and investment banking, advisory, investment 
management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, market making, brokerage and other financial 
and non-financial activities and services. Some of the undenvriters and their affiliates have engaged in, and may 
in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business 
with us or our affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for 
these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the underwriters and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments (including serving as counterpanies to certain derivative and hedging 
arrangements) and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
-42-
EFTA01137364
--- PAGE 49 ---
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of ours or our affiliates. The 
underwriters and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Further, in the ordinary course of business, certain of the underwriters in this offering purchase mortgages, 
including mortgages originated by the Bank. Under certain circumstances disputes could arise based on the 
representations and warranties made in, and the terms and conditions of, these transactions, and whether any 
repurchases from the foregoing disputes are required. There are currently no such disputes or requests 
outstanding for repurchase. 
T+5 Settlement 
We expect that delivery of the depositary shares will be made against payment therefor on or about the fifth 
business day following the date of pricing of the depositary shares (this settlement cycle being referred to as 
"T+5"). Under Rule I5c6- I of the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle 
in three business days, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers 
who wish to trade the depositary shares on the date of pricing or the next succeeding business day will be 
required, by virtue of the fact that the depositary shares initially will settle in T+5, to specify an alternate 
settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of depositary shares who 
wish to trade their depositary shares on the date of pricing or the next succeeding business day should consult 
their own advisor. 
Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") that has implemented the 
Prospectus Directive (each, a "Relevant Member State"), an offer to the public of any of our depositary shares 
that are the subject of the offering contemplated in this offering circular (the "Shares") may not be made in that 
Relevant Member State, except that an offer to the public in that Relevant Member State of any of the Shares 
may be made at any time under the following exemptions under the Prospectus Directive: 
(a) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor, as defined in the Prospectus Directive; 
(b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors, as defined in the 
Prospectus Directive), as permitted under the Prospectus Directive, subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the underwriters; or 
(c) in any other circumstances falling within Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive, 
provided that no such offer of the Shares shall result in a requirement for us or the underwriters to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive. 
For the purposes of this provision and the buyer's representation below, the expression an "offer of the 
Shares to the public" in relation to the Shares in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Shares to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Shares, as the same may be varied in that Relevant 
Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant Member State, the 
expression "Prospectus Directive" means Directive 2003/7I/EC (as amended, including by Directive 
2010/73/EU), and includes any relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member State. 
EFTA01137365
--- PAGE 50 ---
Each person in a Relevant Member State who receives any communication in respect of, or who acquires 
any of the Shares will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed to and with the underwriters and the 
Bank that: 
(a) it is a qualified investor within the meaning of the law in that Relevant Member State 
implementing Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive; and 
(b) in the case of any Shares acquired by it as a financial intermediary, as that term is used in Article 
3(2) of the Prospectus Directive, (i) the Shares acquired by it in the offering have not been acquired 
on behalf of, nor have they been acquired with a view to their offer or resale to. persons in any 
Relevant Member State other than qualified investors, as defined in the Prospectus Directive, or in 
circumstances in which the prior consent of the underwriters has been given to the offer or resale, 
or (ii) where the Shares have been acquired by it on behalf of persons in any Relevant Member 
State other than qualified investors, the offer of those Shares to it is not treated under the 
Prospectus Directive as having been made to such persons. 
The Bank, its representatives and affiliates will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
representation, acknowledgement and agreement. 
Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom 
Any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")), in connection with the sale of the Shares, has only 
been, and will only be, communicated or caused to be communicated in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of 
the FSMA does not apply to us. 
Anything done in relation to the Shares in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom, has been, and 
may only be done, in compliance with all applicable provisions of the FSMA. 
Notice to Prospective Investors in Switzerland 
The depositary shares may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange ("SIX") or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. This offering 
circular has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or 
art. 1 156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of 
the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. 
Neither this offering circular nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the depositary shares or the 
offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Neither this offering circular nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, the Bank 
or the depositary shares have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In 
particular, this offering circular will not be filed with, and the offer of depositary shares will not be supervised 
by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and the offer of depositary shares has 
not been and will not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). 
The investor protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does 
not extend to acquirers of depositary shares. 
Notice to Prospective Investors in the Dubai International Financial Centre 
This offering circular relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Offered Securities Rules of the 
Dubai Financial Services Authority ("DFSA"). This offering circular is intended for distribution only to persons 
of a type specified in the Offered Securities Rules of the DFSA. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any 
other person. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with 
-44-
EFTA01137366
--- PAGE 51 ---
Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this offering circular nor taken steps to verify the information set 
forth herein and has no responsibility for the offering circular. The depositary shares to which this offering 
circular relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the 
depositary shares offered should conduct their own due diligence on the depositary shares. If you do not 
understand the contents of this offering circular, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
Notice to Prospective Investors in Hong Kong 
The depositary shares may not be offered or sold by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances 
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap.32, Laws of 
Hong Kong), or (ii) to "professional investors" within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap.57 I, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result 
in the document being a "prospectus" within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap.32, Laws of Hong 
Kong), and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the depositary shares may be issued or may be in 
the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is 
directed at, or the contents of which arc likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to depositary shares which are or are 
intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" within the 
meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder. 
Notice to Prospective Investors in Singapore 
This offering circular has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, this offering circular and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the depositary shares may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the 
depositary shares be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the 
Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"), (ii) to a relevant person, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(IA), and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the SFA or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the depositary shares are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 by a relevant person which is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the 
entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary is an accredited investor. depositary shares, debentures and units of depositary shares and debentures 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest in that trust shall not be transferable for 6 months after 
that corporation or that trust has acquired the depositary shares under Section 275 except: (I) to an institutional 
investor under Section 274 of the SFA or to a relevant person, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in 
accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the SFA; (2) where no consideration is given for the 
transfer; or (3) by operation of law. 
Notice to Prospective Investors in Japan 
The securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law 
of Japan (the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law) and each underwriter has agreed that it will not offer or 
sell any securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as 
used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the 
laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of 
Japan. 
-45-
EFTA01137367
--- PAGE 52 ---
VALIDITY OF SECURITIES 
The validity of the depositary shares sold in this offering and the Series F Preferred Stock will be passed 
upon for us by Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, New York, New York, and for the undenvriters by Sidley Austin L12, 
New York, New York. From time to time, Sullivan & Cromwell LLP and Sidley Austin LLP provide legal 
services to us and our subsidiaries. 
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
Our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 and the consolidated statements of 
income and comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year 
period ended December 31, 2014, incorporated in this offering circular by reference to our Annual Report on 
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of KPMG 
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. 
-46-
EFTA01137368
--- PAGE 53 ---
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
EFTA01137369
--- PAGE 54 ---
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
EFTA01137370
--- PAGE 55 ---
EFTA01137371
--- PAGE 56 ---
FIRST REPUBLIC BANK 
It's a privilege to serve you• 
Depositary Shares Each Representing a 1/40th Interest 
in a Share of 
% Noncumulative Perpetual Series F Preferred 
Stock 
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
BofA Merrill Lynch 
Morgan Stanley 
Wells Fargo Securities 
May , 2015 
EFTA01137372

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137373.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Fwd: Re: 
Date: Mon, 17 Nov 2014 20:25:16 +0000 
Inline-Images: image003.jpg; image001.jpg; image01 Ljpg; image012.jpg; image010.jpg; image002.jpg 
Forwarded message  
From: Eric Roth <I 
Date: Mon, Nov 17, 2014 at 3:41 PM 
Subject: RE: Re: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
How about 4:00pm this Thursday 11/20? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
• 
international jet 
I
T
E
R 
I
OA
S 
IC 
0 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: jeffrey E. [maiho:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Monday, November 17, 2014 2:07 PM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: 
thurs 
On Mon, Nov 17, 2014 at 3:03 PM, Eric Roth < 
wrote: 
EFTA01137373
--- PAGE 2 ---
I can not open the attachment file....? 
I do not know if you are in Manhattan this week, but should you want to discuss in person, I am coming in to see Elie 
Weisel at the 92nd street Y, I could meet you in the mid afternoon? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
OR
S 
I c 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: jeffrey E. imailto:jeevacationagmail.com]
Sent: Monday, November 17, 2014 1:41 PM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: 
thoughts, galley, bedroom cabin mgmt. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
SEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137374
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137375

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137376.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin ‹
> 
Subject: Dolce & Gabbana Event 
Date: Mon, 17 Nov 2014 20:36:48 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: Dolce_&_Gabbana_Event.jpg 
Inline-Images: image002.png 
Hi everyone, 
Just a friendly reminder about our shopping event at Dolce & Gabbana tomorrow. We will have a chance to see and buy 
from the presale and also to see the new spring / summer collection. 
Best, 
Eva 
EFTA01137376
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01137377

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137378.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137378

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137379.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 17 Nov 2014 20:39:38 +0000 
Attachments: VP-BBJ_Floor_Plan.pdf 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137379

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137380.pdf
----------------------------------------
law 
Boeing 737-700 IGW 
VP-BBJ 
!Er IIIIIR71011/ 
MAINTENANCE MANUAL 
Floor Plan 
Figure 1 
Effectivity: SIN 29273 
CREW LAV 
CREW AREA 
MAIN ENTRY AREA 
FORWARD LOUNGE 
AFT LOUNGE 
AFT ISLE 
BEDROOM 
AUX GALLEY 
25-00-00 
M
O 
Page 3/4 
Jul 15/99 
EFTA01137380

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137381.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137381

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137382.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137382

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137383.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Inline-Images: 
"victoria" H 
<jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Tue, 12 Feb 2013 15:33:50 +0000 
IMG_0609.mov; mg_1425.jpg; DSC_1195jpg; DSC_1216.jpg; IMG_5778.jpg; 
IMG_6664.jpg; IMG_6683.jpg; IMG_6684.jpg; mg_0905.jpg; DSC_097 ljpg; 
DSC_0978.jpg; DSC_1018.jpg; _MG_0811jpg; _MG_0962.jpg; IMG_5934.jpg; 
IMG 5939.jpg; DSC_1195(I)jpg; IMG_5922.jpg 
image001.jpg 
176, 19yo, Russia, 
Ready to travel 
Best regards, 
Victoria Ilousez 
Mademoiselle Agency 
III rue tie Longehattip 75116 Paris 
Tel: 
Fax : 
Cell : 
Email : 
WWW.111110111110itiel 
fr 
( 4. 
EFTA01137383

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137384.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137384.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137384

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137385.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137385

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137386.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137386.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137386

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137387.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137387

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137388.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137388

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137389.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137389

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137390.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137390

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137391.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137391

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137392.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137392

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137393.pdf
----------------------------------------
•• 
• 
EFTA01137393

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137394.pdf
----------------------------------------
F. 
i 
_ 
EFTA01137394

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137395.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137395

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137396.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137396

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137397.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137397

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137398.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137398

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137399.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN 
EFTA01137399

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137400.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Cc: 
Date: Tue, 12 Feb 2013 16:44:54 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG 
Which outfit?? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01137400
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01137401
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01137402
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01137403
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01137404

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137405.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137405.pdf
----------------------------------------
2-12-13 REVISIONS TO DKI DRAFT OF 2/6/13 
February 
2013 
Jeffrey Epstein, President 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Re: 
Estate Planning Service Letter 
Dear Jeffrey: 
You, on behalf of Southern Trust Company, Inc., a Virgin Islands corporation ("STC"), 
have been collaborating with the undersigned, Leon Black ("Mr. Black"), regarding 
estate planning matters in respect of Mr. Black's assets and estate (the "Estate 
Planning"). The purpose of this letter agreement (this "Agreement") is to set forth the 
terms upon which you, on behalf of STC, will continue to provide and implement 
services in connection with the Estate Planning to and for the benefit of Mr. Black. The 
Services you provide to Mr. Black may also relate to his wife, Mrs. Debra Black, and 
their children, as well as the respective heirs, issue, personal representatives, and 
affiliated trusts, partnerships, limited partnerships, and limited liability companies of, and 
any other entities affiliated with, any of Mr. Black, Mrs. Black or any of their children 
(collectively, "Affiliates"). 
1. 
Services to be Provided. You, on behalf of STC, shall provide to 
Mr. Black services deemed appropriate by you and Mr. Black in connection with the 
Estate Planning (the "Services").
2. 
Fees. In consideration for providing the Services, Mr. Black shall 
pay to STC a total of twenty-three million five hundred thousand dollars ($23,500,000), 
due and payable as follows: (i) fifteen million dollars ($15,000,000) shall be due and 
payable on February 
2013, and (ii) eight million five hundred thousand dollars 
($8,500,000) shall be due and payable [on October 15, 2013] [on such day occurring in 
fourth quarter of the calendar year 2013 on such day as Mr. Black shall determine in his 
sole discretion]; provided, however, that Mr. Black shall be obligated to make the 
payments described in clauses (i) and (ii) only if after consulting with his legal and other 
advisors, Mr. Black, in his sole discretion, is satisfied with the efficacy of the Estate 
Planning. All payments shall be made by wire transfer to STC's account in accordance 
with wire transfer instructions provided by you to Mr. Black. 
3. 
Confidentiality. You and STC (for purposes of this Section 3 and 
Sections 4, 5 and 6 hereof, the terms "you" and "STC" being deemed to include all 
EFTA01137405
--- PAGE 2 ---
employees, representatives, agents, and entities affiliated with you and/or STC) agree that 
any and all information obtained in performing the Services will be held in strictest 
confidence and will not be used by you or STC or disclosed to any person or entity, 
except in the course of performing the Services in furtherance of the Estate Planning. 
You and STC further agree that you have been retained to assist Mr. Black's lawyers, 
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP ("Paul, Wess") and McDermott, Will, & 
Emery ("McDermott"), in providing legal advice to Mr. Black in connection with the 
Estate Planning. It is Mr. Black's intention and position that any work performed by you 
or STC in connection with the Services will be covered by all applicable evidentiary 
privileges, including but not limited to the attorney-client privilege and work product 
privileges. In connection with this retention, all communications between you or STC, 
on the one hand, and any lawyer from Paul, Weiss or McDermott or Mr. Black, on the 
other hand, regarding the Estate Planning shall be regarded as confidential and made 
solely for the purpose of assisting Paul, Weiss and McDermott in giving legal advice to 
Mr. Black. In order for you and STC to carry out your responsibilities, it may be 
necessary for Paul, Weiss, McDermott or Mr. Black to disclose to you and STC 
privileged information and lawyers' work product, and other confidential information. 
You and STC agree that, except as authorized by Paul, Weiss, McDermott or Mr. Black 
during and after the period of your retention, neither you nor STC will disclose any 
privileged or confidential information, lawyers' work product, opinions, facts, data or 
other confidential information disclosed to you or STC in connection with the Estate 
Planning to any person or entity. 
4. 
Disclaimer of Representations. Warranties and Guarantees. Mr. 
Black, for and on behalf of himself, and for and on behalf of his Affiliates, hereby 
acknowledges and agrees as follows: 
(a) 
Neither you nor STC has any authority to, nor shall you or STC, 
bind Mr. Black or any of his Affiliates, in contract or otherwise, or make any decisions or 
take any actions whatsoever on behalf of Mr. Black or any of his Affiliates under this 
Agreement, and neither you nor STC is serving in any fiduciary capacity whatsoever to, 
for or on behalf of Mr. Black or any of his Affiliates. 
(b) 
The use of any and all advice obtained from you in connection 
with the Services is at the sole risk of Mr. Black and his Affiliates, and each of Mr. Black 
and each of his Affiliates assumes the full risk and responsibility for any and all actions 
and decisions taken, or omitted to be taken, by or on behalf of Mr. Black or such 
Affiliates in connection with the Services and any and all advice obtained in connection 
with the Services. 
(c) 
The Services are provided without warranty of any kind, and each 
of you and STC hereby expressly disclaim all representations, warranties, and guarantees 
with respect to the Services and all information and materials provided by you and STC 
in connection therewith, whether express or implied or statutory, including, but not 
limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, of satisfactory quality, of fitness for 
a particular purpose and of accuracy. 
EFTA01137406
--- PAGE 3 ---
(d) 
Neither you nor STC will under any circumstances be liable to Mr. 
Black for any loss that Mr. Black may incur as a result of any decisions or actions taken, 
or omitted to be taken, in connection with the Services and any and all information or 
materials obtained in connection with the Services, other than as a result of your gross 
negligence, willful misconduct or breach of this Agreement. 
(e) 
In no event shall you or STC be liable for any injury, or any 
incidental, special, indirect or consequential damages whatsoever, arising out of or 
related to the Services or the use or failure to use any information or materials provided 
in connection with the Services, however caused, regardless of the theory of liability 
(contract, tort or otherwise), and even if you or STC has been advised of the possibility of 
such damages. 
5. 
Indemnification. (a) Mr. Black agrees to indemnify you and STC 
and hold you and STC harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, 
damages, and third party costs, fees and expenses (including, without limitation, 
reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements, but excluding the business and operating 
expenses incurred by STC in performing the Services) arising out of, or relating to, or 
connected with the Services (except for any claim, liability, loss, damage, cost, fee or 
expense arising out of, or resulting from, any action or failure to act by you or STC that 
constitutes fraud, bad faith, gross negligence, or willful misconduct on the part of you or 
STC). 
(a) 
You and/or STC, as the case may be, shall advise Mr. Black of any 
such claims, liabilities, losses, damages, costs, fees or expenses promptly after receipt of 
notice thereof, specifying, to the extent known, the facts constituting the basis therefor 
and the amount asserted to be owed with respect to the same; provided however-, that 
your right to indemnification hereunder shall not be limited by your failure to promptly 
advise Mr. Black of any such liability or claim, except to the extent that Mr. Black is 
materially prejudiced by such failure. 
(b) 
The coverage of the indemnification and hold harmless provided 
for in this Section 5 includes, without limitation, claims, liabilities, losses, damages, and 
third party fees, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and 
disbursements) in connection with claims, causes of action or liabilities asserted against 
you and/or STC by any of Mr. Black and/or any of his Affiliates arising out of, relating 
to, or connected with, the Services. The indemnification provided in this Section 5 shall 
survive the death, disability or incompetency of Mr. Black and shall be binding upon his 
estate and his personal representatives. 
(c) 
Mr. Black (or the personal representatives of his estate) may, at his 
option, assume and take over the control of the defense and settlement of any such 
liability or claim, at his sole cost and expense with counsel of his choice (subject to any 
reasonable objections to such choice of counsel asserted by you and STC); provided, that 
Mr. Black (or the personal representatives of his estate) shall not be entitled to assume or 
control the defense of a liability or claim if the interests of you and/or STC, on the one 
hand, and of Mr. Black or any of his Affiliates, on the other hand, with respect to such 
EFTA01137407
--- PAGE 4 ---
liability or claim are in conflict with one another and, as a result, one firm or attorney 
could not represent both your interests and the interests of Mr. Black or such Affiliates, in 
connection with such claim. If Mr. Black (or the personal representatives of his estate) 
assumes the defense of such liability or claim, you and STC may participate in the 
settlement or defense thereof, at your sole expense through counsel chosen by you, but 
Mr. Black (or the personal representatives of his estate) shall control the defense and 
settlement thereof. Neither you nor STC may pay, settle or compromise any liability or 
claim for which you may claim an indemnification right hereunder without Mr. Black's 
(or the personal representatives of his estate's) consent. Each of you, STC and Mr. Black 
(or the personal representatives of his estate) shall act towards each other in good faith in 
responding to, defending against, settling or otherwise dealing with any such claim or 
liability, and reasonably cooperate with each other in any such defense and give each 
other reasonable access to all information relevant thereto. Any settlement of a claim by 
Mr. Black (or the personal representatives of his estate) for which you have sought 
indemnification shall contain an unconditional release of such claim against you. 
6. 
No Investment Advice. Mr. Black acknowledges and agrees that 
in connection with the Services, neither you nor STC are acting in any way as an 
"investment advisor", as such term is defined in and interpreted in accordance with the 
provisions of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940, as amended, the regulations 
promulgated thereunder, and the interpretive releases issued in connection therewith, and 
neither you nor STC are holding yourself out in any way whatsoever as being engaged in 
any business which directly or indirectly provides advice, recommendations, 
publications, writings, reports or analyses regarding any matter or thing which might 
cause you to be deemed an "investment advisor" as such term is so defined. Mr. Black 
further acknowledges and agrees that no part of the Services constitutes any advice, 
recommendations, publications, or writings whatsoever regarding: (a) the value of 
securities or the advisability of investing in, purchasing, or selling securities, (b) the 
relative advantages or disadvantages of investing in securities in general as compared to 
other investments; (c) any other matters relating to any specific securities or securities in 
general; (d) the selection of investment managers, or investment funds or entities; or (e) 
the allocation of certain percentages of assets to specific classes of securities, investment 
funds, or investment managers; or (f) any other activities matters similar to those set forth 
in clauses (a) through (e) above. 
7. 
Notices. 
All 
notices, 
requests, 
permissions 
or 
other 
communications which any party hereto may be required or desire to give to any other 
party hereto under this Agreement must be in writing and sent by (a) first class U.S. 
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, with postage prepaid, (b) telecopy, 
facsimile or email (with a copy sent by first class U.S. certified or registered mail, return 
receipt requested, with postage prepaid), or (c) express mail or courier (for either same 
day or next Business Day delivery). A notice or other communication sent in compliance 
with the provisions of this Section 7 shall be deemed given and received on (x) the fifth 
(5th) Business Day following the date it is deposited in the U.S. mail, (y) the date of 
confirmed receipt from the intended recipient if sent by facsimile, telecopy or email 
(provided that a copy thereof is sent by mail the same day in the manner provided in 
EFTA01137408
--- PAGE 5 ---
clause (b) above), or (z) the date it is delivered to the other party's address if sent by 
express mail or courier. 
All notices, requests, permissions and other communications to you and STC shall be 
addressed to: 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Facsimile No.: 
email: 
Attention: 
Mr. Jeffrey E. Epstein, President 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to you): 
Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Facsimile No.: 
email: 
All notices, requests, permissions and other communications to Mr. Black shall be 
addressed to: 
Apollo Management 
West 57th Street, 43nd Floor 
New York, NY 10019 
Facsimile No.: 
email: 
Attention: Mr. Leon Black 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to Mr. Black): 
Alan S. Halperin, Esq. 
Kenneth M. Schneider, Esq. 
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 
1285 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10019 
Facsimile No.: 
Email: 
EFTA01137409
--- PAGE 6 ---
Any party hereto may designate another addressee or change his, her or its address for 
notices and other communications hereunder by a notice given to the other parties hereto 
in the manner provided in this Section 7. 
8. 
Miscellaneous. This Agreement and any disputes hereunder shall 
be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New 
York, other than principles of law that would apply the law of another jurisdiction. Any 
dispute arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be submitted to a 
confidential arbitration in New York, New York, administered by Judicial Arbitration & 
Mediation Services ("JAMS"), or its successor, in accordance with JAMS rules and 
procedures then in effect. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior understandings, 
agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto or their affiliates, written or 
oral, with respect to such subject matter. This Agreement may not be amended, waived, 
modified or supplemented other than in writing by all the parties hereto. This Agreement 
(including the rights and obligations hereunder) shall not be assignable by any party 
except 
with 
the 
prior 
written 
consent 
of 
the 
other 
parties 
hereto. 
EFTA01137410
--- PAGE 7 ---
If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please sign, date and return one copy of this 
Letter Agreement. 
Very Truly Yours, 
Leon Black 
Agreed to and Accepted this 
day of February 2013: 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
By: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
[Signature Page to Estate Planning Service Letter Agreement] 
EFTA01137411

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137412.pdf
----------------------------------------
. ' 
areas • wi• • 
t 's' e 
190 • :•.•:,: 97.4 .0 
••t • Ct. 0:4-* 
• - 
• 
- 
-•••• - 
••:• Wit 
. • 
• 
t ••. • • ,•.4..-451”•elier" .•  
• 
• 
• 
•••• 
• • • yr .." ' " • • "0
1;4 ;;; 
f 
rfr 
Jayson Salmon Especially when everyone 
jumps out. Can you fly a load? Can you spot for 
are expensive bags. 
minutes ago • Like 
Conor Dancy A heavier airplane A) will take 
41% more force to 'throw off' its original course, 
and © will have a larger horizontal component if 
lift at a given bank angle, assisting the rudder. 
7m. 
e 
Jimmy Kovac That's easy, every try to roll ove 
a fat chick? The heavier it is means more force 
required i.e. Vmc is higher. 
minutes ago via mobile Like 1) 1 
Peter Fabian Jimmy are you seriously asking 
the Gulfstream Girl whether she ever tried to 
roll a fat chick over? :)) 
minute ago • Like • sa 1 
Write a comment... 
EFTA01137412

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137413.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137413

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137414.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137414

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137415.pdf
----------------------------------------
..--
'..-...c....C- - 
... - .; re: _4...2
.....•-.
r..' 
.... 
re
ars' C-oei
se-arr ' 
•.• 
yr - 
440.ys
..-•
.- 
••• .. 
a , 
--4,0".•;.; a
 . 
...--er 
...:,;:t
or s.....
.a•-
.iorraCar
ortragfra
awe 
*ea 
• rt' 
• 
ipo•
_ 
dar  • 
EFTA01137415

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137416.pdf
----------------------------------------
Aeted"..
EFTA01137416

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137417.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Ben Goertzel -Ma 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Preschool IQ Test Based Proposal 
Wed, 13 Feb 2013 02:05:15 +0000 
Epstein_Goertzel_IQ_Executive_Summary_Feb12_2013 
Preschool_IQ_Test_Overview.pdf; Using_Human_Child_IQ_Tests_For_Robots.pdf; 
Epstein_Goertzel_IQ_Proposal_Feb_2013.pdf; 
Epstein_Goertzel_IQ_proposal_budget.numbers.pdf; 
Epstein_Goertzel_IQ_Timeline_Milestones.pdf; 
Epstein_Goertzel_IQ_Proposal_Feb_2013(1).pdf 
.pdf; 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Wow, I seem to have spent the last 12 hours studying preschool IQ 
tests !!! 
I think I got up from the computer only twice ;I ... 
It's Chinese New Year, so the staff on my various projects are on 
vacation, and I have a lot of time for solo 
thinking/reading/researching... 
Attached find a revision of my recent proposal to you, which focuses 
on the WPPSI preschool IQ test and trying to get a robot to pass it 
Also, the two documents attached *not* starting with "Epstein..." give 
useful background for you. One of them describes the standard 
preschool IQ test in moderate detail (with example questions); the 
other discusses some points regarding the use of this test to measure 
robot intelligence... 
The "Timeline/Milestones" document, and the "Project Aims" section of 
the main Proposal document, are quite different from before. 
The basic timing (2 years) and budget are the same as before. As 
with the prior proposal, the work is an extension of what my gov't 
funded HK time is already going to do. 
The essential difference from the prior proposal is that the 
emotionaUsocial intelligence that was a part of the focus there, has 
now been replaced with more focus on the intersection between vision 
and cognition, and on question answering based on information not 
present in the robot's environment.... From a fundamental Al 
perspective, I don't see this shift in focus as either better or 
worse. The emotional/social stuff will still need to get done 
eventually, but I don't really care whether visual/cognitive or 
emotionaUsocial stuff gets done first. Both are important. David 
focuses more on emotional/social stuff, but the standard preschool IQ 
test focuses more on visuaUcognitive stuff.. There are also EQ 
tests for kids, alongside IQ tests, that could be interesting to 
explore at some point as well.... The EQ stuff could be done 
simultaneously with the IQ stuff, but that would require a third 
senior person, hence increase the cost by a factor of 1.4 or so... 
EFTA01137417
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thanks for inspiring an interesting direction for exploration ;) 
... ben 
Ben Goertzel, PhD 
http://goertzel.org 
"My humanity is a constant self-overcoming" -- Friedrich Nietzsche 
EFTA01137418

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137419.pdf
----------------------------------------
Utilizing Child IQ Tests to Measure Robot Intelligence 
Ben Goertzel 
Feb 13, 2013 
This document informally discusses some issues involved in using the WPPSI, 
the standard IQ testing instrument for preschool children, to assess the general 
intelligence of robots. 
Basic Assumptions 
I will assume, here, use of the exact same WPPSI questions administered to 
human children. Of course, there are obvious ways one could thoroughly adapt 
the WPPSI questions for robots, but that becomes a different sort of exercise 
than the one undertaken here. My concern here will be: How to make 
administration of the actual human-oriented WPPSI, a meaningful evaluation of 
robot intelligence. 
The only exception I will suggest to the preceding paragraph, is to ignore 
questions relating specifically to the test subject's own personal body or 
experience, in ways that specifically pertain to the differences between human 
and robot. For instance, we shouldn't ask "touch your hair" to a robot without 
hair. "Touch your head" would be fine. Such questions play a very minor role in 
WPPSI, occurring occasionally and incidentally among other questions. 
In terms of the physical test set-up, it seems fair to assume a robot sitting across 
a table from the human examiner. To emulate human testing conditions 
accurately, the robot will need ears to hear the examiner speak, eyes to see the 
pictures and objects displayed and the physical environment, a voice to answer 
questions, and hands or some other manipulators to move around blocks and 
puzzle pieces. 
Optionally, it would seem unproblematic to assume that the robot has textual 
rather than voice communication with the examiner, as the test questions don't 
explicitly involve auditory pattern recognition, only visual. Given a robot that 
communicates via text and achieves a certain WPPSI score, one could 
automatically produce a robot communicating via voice and achieving the same 
score, by simply adding on a speech synthesizer and an effective speech-to-text 
engine. 
One significant issue that becomes apparent when thinking about giving the 
WPPSI to robots, is that many WPPSI questions involve objects that are part of a 
typical human child's commonsense experience, and are not going to be part of a 
typical contemporary robot's experience. However, this aspect of the WPPSI 
could not be "fixed" without radically altering the nature of the test. The WPPSI 
is, fundamentally a mix of simple visual puzzle-solving type questions, and 
EFTA01137419
--- PAGE 2 ---
simple commonsense knowledge type questions. To do well on the WPPSI, a 
robot will have to be able to identify pictures of objects common in a human 
child's life, and common in the storybooks commonly read to young children (e.g. 
most young children can recognize a picture of a pig, even if they've grown up in 
a city and never seen an actual pig). It will have to be able to identify the parts 
of these objects. It will also have to know basic everyday facts that a normal 
child knows — that airplanes fly, that cars drive faster than people walk, and so 
forth. As with a human child, some of these facts may be grounded in the robot's 
life experience, whereas other may be known to it only indirectly. 
The Issues of Coaching and Specialized Engineering 
It is important to note that, insofar as the WPPSI works for measuring the IQ of 
human children, it works ONLY if the children tested haven't been coached in the 
specific question types. This is the reason that WPPSI questions are not widely 
disseminated to parents of preschool age children (though they are available via 
various study guides, which the diligent parent can locate online). If a human 
child is coached in the particular sorts of questions given on the WPPSI, they can 
learn to do very well, without gaining the general intelligence that their test 
performance would normally be thought to indicate. This observation leads up to 
the main issue that must be confronted, when thinking about using the WPPSI for 
robots: The fact that a robot specifically and successfully trained to do well on 
WPPSI questions, would not necessarily have a level of general intelligence 
commensurate with an uncoached human child who did well on the same WPPSI 
questions. 
There seems no completely airtight way to handle this problem. It would be very 
hard to design a rigorous competition between multiple robots of differing 
cognitive design, with the goal being WPPSI success, without giving a significant 
advantage to robots whose minds had been specifically engineered to do well on 
WPPSI-type questions. However, this doesn't necessarily stand in the way of 
using the WPPSI to assess the intelligence of a robot that has NOT been 
engineered or coached with the WPPSI specifically in mind. My tentative 
conclusion is that the WPPSI can be useful as 
A way of assessing incremental progress toward general intelligence in a robotic 
system, whose design and education are not specifically WPPSI based 
but NOT as 
The assessment measure underlying a competition between robots of differing 
cognitive design 
Educating a Robot in a WPPSI-Relevant Way 
Suppose one wants to engineer and educate a robot in a WPPSI-relevant way, 
without engineering or teaching specifically toward the test. What kind of 
EFTA01137420
--- PAGE 3 ---
education should a robot (and the underlying Al system) have, in order to do well 
on the WPPSI in a genuine way? 
The following 7 capabilities would seem to be critical: 
1. Question answering. Natural language question answering, about 
everyday objects and events that a young child would typically know 
about, including objects and events in the immediate physical environment 
of the robot; and including questions whose answers involve a few basic 
reasoning steps based on commonsense knowledge 
2. Object, event and part identification. Identification of common (in an 
ordinary child's life) objects and events in pictures, including commonly 
recognized parts of objects 
3. Object manipulation. Ability to manipulate objects on a table, such as 
blocks or puzzle pieces. 
3D building doesn't seem critical (if it's an issue 
for specific robot actuators, it could be skimped on), but pushing things 
around on a table into different configurations seems critical. 
4. Visual pattern recognition. Ability to recognize visual patterns 
regarding objects in the physical environment: objects with different 
shapes and textures, for example. Ability to recognize visual patterns 
when drawn on pieces of paper. 
5. Simple drawing. Ability to draw on a piece of paper with a writing 
implement — not necessarily words or depictive pictures, but various sorts 
of marks. Ability to imitate marks that it's seen others write. 
6. Instruction following. Ability to follow simple natural language 
instructions regarding simple verbal or physical activities, to be carried out 
in interaction with the requester 
7. Pragmatic interaction regarding task assignment. Ability to 
understand when a task is being assigned, versus when an offhand 
comment is being made. Ability to understand when the task starts and 
when it's done, and what the subject is being asked to do. Ability to ask 
for clarification if the task is not clearly understood. Ability to understand 
verbal and physical corrections if the task is not being done properly. 
WPPSI as a Tool for Gauging Robot Intelligence 
In sum, suppose that the following two criteria were fulfilled: 
1. a robot and its underlying Al engine were taught to carry out tasks 
embodying the above 7 capabilities in a reasonably robust way, so that 
each of these task types could be successfully executed in a variety of 
contexts besides the WPPSI specifically 
2. this robot was not exposed to any WPPSI questions or very close 
analogues, during its training period (except those that are unavoidable 
during normal interaction, like basic question answering or picture naming) 
EFTA01137421
--- PAGE 4 ---
In this case, qualitatively, it would seem that the robot was approaching the 
WPPSI in a genuine way, without specialized "coaching" 
 If such a robot did 
well on the WPPSI, it would seem fair to provisionally conclude that it possessed 
general intelligence roughly comparable to that of a human preschooler. To 
validate such a conclusion, one could request a panel of child psychologists to 
design new questions measuring the same basic skills as the WPPSI, but 
differing in particulars, and within the physical capabilities of the robot in 
question. The performance of the robot on the new test questions would be 
highly informative. 
The difficulty of using WPPSI as a challenge problem for a competition, lies in the 
difficulty of formalizing the above two criteria in a bulletproof way. There is 
significantly slipperiness in phrases like "a reasonably robust way", "a variety of 
contexts", and "or very close analogues." But this is not an issue if one's goal is 
merely to use WPPSI to evaluate the progress of an AGI project, for qualitative 
rather than comparative purposes. 
Another way to look at the relation between WPPSI performance and robot 
general intelligence would be to create specialized test suites each of the 7 
capabilities listed above. These test suites would involve a number of different 
problems regarding each capability; none closely resembling the WPPSI test 
questions. One could then study, across multiple instances of the same robot/Ai 
system with different levels of sophistication and/or different bodies of 
experience, how the robot's performance on the specialized test suites correlated 
with performance on the WPPSI. One would expect to find a positive correlation, 
of course. But if one finds greater correlation regarding overall performance than 
regarding capability-specific performance, this would provide evidence that the 
WPPSI is measuring some sort of general intelligence, rather than merely 
summing up performance on specific capabilities. 
EFTA01137422

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137423.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137423.pdf
----------------------------------------
Creating Robots with Toddler-Level Intelligence 
Using the OpenCog AGI Architecture 
Research Proposal for the Epstein Foundation 
Ben Goertzel 
February, 2013 
Introduction 
At its inception in the 1950s, the Al field aimed at producing human level general intelligence in computers and 
robots. Within a decade or so the difficulty of that goal became evident, and the Al field refocused on producing 
systems displaying intelligence within narrow domains. This focus on "narrow Al" has been strikingly successful in 
some regards, leading to practical Al applications such as Google's search and ad engines, Deep Blue and other game-
playing Als, IBM's Watson Jeopardy-player, a host of profitable Al financial trading systems, and so forth. Over the 
past few years, however, there has been a resurgence of research interest in the original goals of AI, often using 
terminology such as Human-Level Al or Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) [1,2,3,4]. The core reason for this 
resurgence is a feeling that, due to advances in the Al field and in allied areas such as computer and robotic hardware, 
computer science, cognitive psychology and neuroscience, we are in a far better position to approach these goals 
today than were the founders of Al in the 1950s. 
One may ask why, given all the amazing recent developments in applied Al and allied areas, we have not yet 
seen Al software systems with humanlike general intelligence. We believe there is one key ingredient missing —the 
effective linkage of subsymbolic Al methods, dealing with raw perceptual and motoric data, with symbolic Al 
methods, dealing with abstract reasoning and language, and higher level cognition. The Al field now possesses able 
algorithms and architectures on both the symbolic and subsymbolic sides, but without both aspects working together, 
human level general intelligence is hard to come by. 
Some researchers aim to bridge the gap by making subsymbolic Al systems intelligent enough that they can 
learn symbolic reasoning via experience. After all, they figure, symbolic reasoning originally evolved from subsymbolic 
thinking — humanity's distant evolutionary ancestors probably didn't do much symbolic reasoning. Others aim to 
bypass the need for subsymbolic processing, figuring that one can create a human-level Al well enough by 
communicating with it using text chat, and having it gather knowledge from the Web and structured databases — all 
sources that are easier to feed directly into a symbolic Al system. Some feel the crux of the Al problem lies on the 
symbolic side, and if one wants to make an Al system controlling a robot, one can simply bolt some separate 
perception and motor-control modules onto one's symbolic Al system. 
The solution we suggest is different, and in a certain sense simpler. We propose to interconnect a highly 
functional, primarily symbolic AGI architecture (OpenCog [5], an international open source project'), with a highly 
functional subsymbolic Al system (DeSTIN [6,7], developed at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville). We propose to 
perform this connection, not merely by linking the two systems as separate modules, but by enabling the two systems 
to exchange deep information regarding their internal states, and provide guidance to each other's thinking. In order 
to do this, we have designed a unique pattern recognition layer intended to live between DeSTIN and OpenCog, and 
translate between the languages of the two different systems [8]. The combined OpenCog/DeSTIN system will 
powerfully display a core principle of AGI called "cognitive synergy," key to the OpenCog architecture, according to 
which different aspects of an intelligent system are engineered to help each other out of cognitive bottlenecks. 
To refine and test our approach to OpenCog/DeSTIN integration, we will pose the integrated system the task of 
controlling a Hanson Robokind robot in a robot lab environment — a cognitively enabled robot or "CogBot." We will 
specifically aim at enabling the Robokind to carry out a variety of preschool-like behaviors, such as playing with blocks, 
interpreting pictures, drawing with a pencil or marker, answering questions and following instructions. 
This forms a natural extension of our current work using OpenCog to control animated characters that build 
things with blocks in a 3D video game world; and of prior work using OpenCog to control a Nao robot in a robot lab in 
a simpler way, without benefit of hybridization with DeSTIN or any similarly sophisticated perception/action system 
[9]. The use of a preschool-like setting enables the application of ideas from developmental psychology to guide and 
assess the AGI's progress [10]. 
http://opencog.org 
EFTA01137423
--- PAGE 2 ---
We don't aim at this stage to create a robot giving a perfect simulation of a human child. Both the body and 
mind of our proposed "CogBot" system are very different from those of any human being. Qualitatively, our aim with 
the robotics aspect of the project is to create a robot that is recognizably and irrefutably generally intelligent, in the 
rough manner of a young human child. 
In order to rigorously evaluate our progress, we will make use of the WPPSI (Wechler Preschool and Primary 
Scale of Intelligence) test, the generally accepted IQ test instrument for children aged 2 through 7. This test may be 
carried out via a robot sifting at a table across from a human examiner, answering questions, writing on pieces of 
paper, looking at pictures, and manipulating blocks and puzzle pieces. It requires vision and simple physical 
manipulation of objects on a tabletop. It does not require carrying of objects, nor navigation (though as it happens 
OpenCog is already quite good at navigation). It also does not seek to measure social or emotional intelligence, 
though there do exist evaluation instruments for this such as the EQI-YV (Emotional Quotient Index —Youth Version), 
which may be interesting to explore in future work. 
Due to the complexity of the underlying Al systems (OpenCog and DeSTIN), the proposed project is a 
multidisciplinary effort involving component problems in multiple Al areas, including computer vision and audition, 
humanoid robot control, computational linguistics, probabilistic reasoning, automatic program learning, assignment of 
credit and concept creation. Achieving the project goals will not require breakthroughs in any of these areas; the 
focus will rather be on integration and synergetic behavior. However, the results of this research are expected to yield 
interesting advances in each of these areas, in addition to the advancement toward human-level artificial general 
intelligence implicit in the achievement of childlike intelligence in a humanoid robot. 
Existing & Desired Additional Funding 
Funding for the work required to complete this project is already partially in place, due to an ITF (Innovation in 
Technology Fund) grant obtained via the Hong Kong government, with Dr. Gino Yu as Principal Investigator and Ben 
Goertzel's Al consulting firm Novamente LLC as corporate sponsor (providing 10% of the funds to match the riF's 
90%). This ITF grant is titled "Artificial Intelligence Software Enabling Toy Robots to Learn, Communicate, Emotionally 
Bond and Display Individual Personalities" (ITS/178/12FP). The ITF grant proposal states that the software produced 
with the government funding will be open source, with the Hong Kong government or university not having 
intellectual property rights. 
The existing government funding amounts to US$342K from the ITF and $38K from Novamente LLC. However, 
the government funding is not sufficient to enable the OpenCog controlled robot to be brought to the level required 
to perform well on all the WPPSI test tasks, in a genuine way not based on explicitly engineering or teaching "to the 
test." 
This government funding will pay for a team of 6 PhD students and junior programmers working in a university 
lab; the requested additional funding would cover 
• A full-time senior software developer 
• A full time, experienced Al PhD, to carry out and help supervise Al software development 
• A part-time senior systems administrator 
• A small, dedicated compute cluster (of Linux machines) 
• A dedicated office / robot lab space for the project 
• Assistance of Novamente LLC with its corporate contribution (which would be valued due to Novamente's 
limited funds and limited commercial activity currently) 
In short, the additional funding would transform the project from an underfunded university-research-lab type 
initiative, into a professional R&D initiative with experienced hands-on leadership, thus at least doubling productivity 
and significantly increasing odds of success. 
Background 
The background for the project comes from multiple disciplinary directions — computer science, cognitive 
science, robotics and systems theory — and the project's conceptual direction is the result of collaboration between 
three interdisciplinary researchers and technologists: 
• Dr. Ben Goertzel: Principal Investigator; scientific leader of commercial project sponsor Novamente LLC. Dr. 
Goertzel is an Al researcher with a mathematics background, the leader of the international Artificial General 
Intelligence research community. 
EFTA01137424
--- PAGE 3 ---
• Dr. David Hanson: Co-Investigator; scientific leader of commercial project sponsor Hanson Robotics. Dr. 
Hanson's whose interdisciplinary background in arts, design and robotics led him to develop a variety of 
revolutionary robots including Robot Einstein and Hanson Robokind (the latter to be used in the proposed 
project) [see Figure 2]. These robots feature novel robot skin enabling humanlike emotional expression, and 
feature a unique combination of hardware and software features focused on rich emotional interaction with 
human users. 
Dr. itamar Arel: Scientific Advisor. Al and engineering professor at the University of Tennessee Knoxville, the 
creator of the DeSTIN (Deep SpatioTemporal Inference Network) software to be used in the project for robot 
vision and action (to serve as an intermediate layer between OpenCog and the Robokind robot) 
The project involves three key components, corresponding to these three researchers: 
• The OpenCog artificial general intelligence architecture [SA, an open-source software project initiated by Dr. 
Goertzel and now developed and maintained by a global open-source community led by Goertzel and others 
• 
The DeSTIN framework for machine perception (extensible to action as well), developed by Dr. Itamar Arel 
and his students at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville; now an open-source software project bundled with 
OpenCog 
• 
Hanson's robotics hardware, the Hanson Robokind, and his open-source software for specifying and 
maintaining intelligent characters with individual personalities [13], 
-- integrated in a manner that is inspired by the prior research and thinking of Goertzel, Hanson and Arel, but also has 
critical novel aspects. The core of the project is a novel approach to bridging the sensation/action domain as 
embodied in the Robokind's sensors and actuators and recognized via the (subsymbolic) DeSTIN Al software, and the 
domain of symbolic, abstract Al cognition as embodied in the OpenCog cognitive architecture. 
OpenCog is the most practically advanced software system explicitly oriented toward Artificial General 
Intelligence. Compared to other contemporary AGI-oriented software systems , OpenCog has a more professionally 
designed and implemented codebase, and a wider range of functionalities. Conceptually, the OpenCog architecture is 
unique in its integration of a number of powerful learning algorithms within a human-like cognitive architecture. 
OpenCog has been used in a variety of commercial projects in areas such as natural language processing, 
financial analysis and bioinformatics. The main thrust of current OpenCog development is the use of the system to 
control animated characters in a video-game world — which, following a long tradition in the Al field, is a world where 
most objects are built from small blocks, whose positions and interactions the Al system can fully understand and 
manipulate. OpenCog guides characters in the world as they explore and try to achieve their goals. This is a follow-up 
to earlier work using OpenCog to control virtual pets in a simpler virtual world [17]. 
OpenCog has also previously been used to control a Nao humanoid robot [1.8]. However, this was merely a 
prototyping activity, which was not expected to yield dramatic embodied intelligence, due to OpenCog's lack of a 
serious perception and action module at that time. The core aim of the present proposal is to remedy this lack. 
Samsonovich [16] has given a good general overview of the various AGI software systems at play in the field 
currently, including e.g. classic systems like SOAR and ACT-R, and more modern ones like (to name just a few) Stan 
Franklin's LIDA system, Joscha Bach's MicroPsi and Nick Cassimatis's PolyScheme. 
EFTA01137425
--- PAGE 4 ---
r. 
You.aw,S-
RwwOeoe,Prc 
Frit. AnTetwil 
Prays' her04141119 
lh
Clare neteero
g•PN 
Plry at (Wadi, 
r 
laryn.10,14 
Flacie 
*ammo 
Finer Buse% 
Mayer Mi.ENCIall. 
Poem fla•IPON 
Fan 
S 
r`zierlinetTrAnd 
PAW Juntrt 
Pang PinotTeCow
extrd
Figure 1. Top: Screenshots of virtual dog controlled by OpenCog engine, as it learns soccer skills via imitation and 
reinforcement, and builds semantic models of its environment. Bottom: Screenshot of "blocks world" being used for 
current OpenCog experimentation; the robot is one of multiple OpenCog-controlled characters. 
DeSTIN, a machine perception architecture, fills a major gap in OpenCog — the processing of complex, high-
bandwidth perceptual data, as is produced by camera eyes or microphones. It possesses a hierarchical architecture 
similar to the human visual and auditory cortices, and an efficient algorithmic implementation that exploits the 
massively parallel processing provided by GPU supercomputers. Currently it is being used for recognizing patterns in 
images and videos, but the architecture can be straightforwardly extended to audition as well, and also beyond 
perception to handle actuation. 
To connect DeSTIN and OpenCog in a maximally effective way, we have designed a unique "semantic 
perceptual-motor hierarchy", which sits between the two systems, incorporating aspects of each. As depicted in 
Figure 3, it has DeSTIN's hierarchical structure, but represents knowledge using OpenCog's symbolic semantic network 
representations, rather than DeSTIN's subsymbolic numerical vectors. This semantic hierarchy naturally maps into 
both DeSTIN and OpenCog, and enables the two systems to pass information to each other frequently as they 
EFTA01137426
--- PAGE 5 ---
operate, enhancing each other's intelligence synergetically. 
AIL 
Figure 2. Left: Dr. Hanson's Robot Einstein, probably the most expressive and emotionally evocative robot face ever 
constructed. Right: Hanson Robokind — the emotionally expressive humanoid robot to be used in the current project, 
based on a donation of two robots from Hanson Robotics. 
To refine and evaluate this novel approach to bridging OpenCog's symbolic reasoning and DeSTIN's 
subsymbolic pattern recognition activity, one requires a sufficiently sophisticated platform for receiving sensations 
and executing actions. The Hanson Robokind robot provides high-quality visual and auditory sensors and servomotor 
capability, at a level previously available only in research robots costing hundreds of thousands of US dollars). 
Furthermore, the Robokind's capability for facial emotional expressiveness is unparalleled in any previous 
commercially available robot regardless of cost. While not useful for the WPPSI evaluation metric, this aspect is 
generally valuable in a "childlike AGI" context because it gives the Robokind ability to elicit interesting, informative 
behavior from humans, thus help the OpenCog engine to gain the emotional and social knowledge it needs to interact 
effectively with the world.. This facial-expression capability is based on special patented flexible robot skin that was 
developed in Hanson's prior research robots such as the well-known Robot Einstein, and is brought to the commercial 
market for the first time in the Robokind (Figure 2). 
Project Aims 
The high-level objective of the proposed CogBot project is to create a software system instantiating a 
solution to the most fundamental problem holding back progress toward AGI: the bridging of the symbolic and 
subsymbolic levels of mental activity. Among the many subproblems to be addressed in this context, the most 
fundamental regards intelligent, synergetic interfacing between low-level robotic perception/action data and more 
abstract Ai cognition — a problem for which we have a novel solution. 
Alongside qualitative evaluation and testing of specific technical capabilities, the key measurable aim of the 
project is to create an OpenCog-powered robot that is able to perform well (above the 90% level) on the WPPSI 
preschool intelligence test. 
The specifics of this test are described in the document "XX", provided as a 
companion to this proposal; and some issues regarding the application of this test in a robotics context are 
described in XX, also provided. 
As noted there, the critical intelligent capabilities required for success on the 
WPPSI test are: 
1. Natural language question answering (regarding information generally known to young children, 
and the immediate physical situation of the robot) 
2. Object, event and part identification (especially for objects depicted in pictures, and commonly 
known to young children) 
3. Object manipulation (minimally of objects sitting on, and slid around on, a tabletop) 
EFTA01137427
--- PAGE 6 ---
4. Visual pattern recognition (of patterns in drawing, and textures on and shapes of physical objects) 
5. Simple drawing (not necessarily of pictures nor words, but lines and other simple symbols, using 
pencil or marker on paper) 
6. Instruction following (regarding tasks involved in the intelligence test, but also more broadly) 
7. Pragmatic interaction regarding task assignment (because the robot will not be fed the test 
questions in an artificial way, but it will rather be posed them as part of a general, everyday robot-
interaction) 
On a technical level, the key aims of the project in pursuit of these capabilities are: 
1. To create an intermediate "semantic hierarchy" connecting DeSTIN and OpenCog 
2. To make various changes identified as necessary to DeSTIN, to enable effective connection with the semantic 
hierarchy 
3. To adjust OpenCog's internal cognitive algorithms for optimal functionality on the data coming from the 
semantic hierarchy (mainly the PLN probabilistic logic engine, the conceptual blending algorithm for creating 
new concepts, and the Fishgram pattern recognition algorithm) 
4. To integrate the combined OpenCog/DeSTIN software with Hanson's robot control software, and with open-
source text-to speech (Festival) and speech-to-text (Sphinx) engines, to enable the system to control a 
Robokind humanoid robot 
5. To refine and evaluate this robot's capability to carry out simple "child-like" tasks in a robot lab furnished with 
appropriate preschool-like equipment 
Items 4 and 5 will focus mainly but not exclusively on tabletop-interaction based tasks, as those are the ones that 
WPPSI focuses on. However, we will not create a robot that can only interact or display intelligence across a 
tabletop! 
Strategy and Methodology 
The fulfillment of the project's aims involvse a significant amount of highly technical software development, 
which will be carried out by the two proposed new hires, together with the 6 junior members of the current 
OpenCog Hong Kong team. Figure 3 gives a high-level diagram illustrating the integration of DeSTIN and OpenCog, 
in the context of humanoid robotics. Figure 4 depicts more of the internals of the OpenCog architecture, as 
currently being used for animated agent control. From OpenCog's perspective, the robot and game character are 
essentially the same sort of entity — the difference lying in the critical "symbolic/subsymbolic converter" 
component that translates between the language of perception/action (DeSTIN states) and the language of 
abstract cognition (OpenCog's internal Atom representation). Figure 5 gives a deeper view of OpenCog/DeSTIN 
integration. 
Note that in this design, the bulk of the robot's "mind" lives on a laptop or PC assumed to be on the same 
wifi network as the robot. In a commercial product based on this design, a portion of the robot's mind may also 
live in the cloud, allowing sharing of knowledge between different robots. 
The processor on board the robot 
handles real-time action response, low-level sensory processing, and communication with the rest of the robot's 
mind via wifi. 
EFTA01137428
--- PAGE 7 ---
Sientollaior 
OPEN COG 
Intermediate semantic 
Hierarchy 
Perceptual 
Hierarchy 
Critic 
Hierarchy 
Action 
Hierarchy 
DeSTIN 
Figure 3. High-Level Architecture of proposed system. Key components include the Hanson Robokind robot, the 
OpenCog cognition engine, the DeSTIN perception/action engine, and a novel "symbolic/subsymbolic converter" 
translating between DeSTIN's subsymbolic perception/action language and Open Cog's semantic-network 
language. 
NL 
Connprelionsloni 
[CAN 
MOSES 
DecernOrY 
larative) 
Cotention 
Memory 
-a-) 
Pl 
Citontion 
Memory) 
Ctrocodur;) 
MerriOrY 
NL 
 ration 
Perception 
Unified 
Knowledge 
Store 
t 
OpenCog Prime 
\ I 
Intelligent character 
in game world 
Figure 4: Key components of the OpenCog integrated artificial general intelligence architecture, shown in the context 
of intelligent game character control. 
The proposed robotic application is similar, but with the DeSTIN 
perception/action component used as an intermediary between OpenCog and the robot as robot perception/action is 
much subtler than its analogue in the virtual world. 
EFTA01137429
--- PAGE 8 ---
DeSTIN perception 
hierarchy 
towns ,,C=r 
Lerma 
robot moon 
food data
to 
DoSTIN 
Intermediate Semantic Hierarchy 
above the semantic hierarchy 
level representing faces. is a 
level representing entire heads 
visual patterns (e g. 
DeSTIN contrails) 
corresponding to 
the semantic 
perception node 
linked to "human 
semantic nodes/links 
formed by pattern mining 
DeSTIN hierarchy 
input 
advice 
OpenCog 
AtomSpace 
reference 
link 
semantic hierarchy provides 
probabilistic biasing to 
DeSTIN 
aligned on axis 
perpendicular to 
inoulls.nose-eyes axis 
between 
tid°1
I 0
,2W
aligned on axis 
perpendicular to 
below 
eyes axis 
concept nod* 
Figure 5: An in-depth illustration of the "intermediate semantic hierarchy" referenced in Figure 3. In the context of 
face recognition, this shows the interfacing between DeSTIN and OpenCog's "cognitive semantic network" 
knowledge representation, via means of a symbolic-subsymbolic translation layer that utilizes Open Cog's 
knowledge representation atoms but possesses DeSTIN's hierarchical structure. This unique interfacing layer is the 
central scientific novelty of the proposed project. 
Anticipated Outcomes and Impacts 
This project offers the potential to introduce a dramatic advance in artificial general intelligence and cognitive 
robotics. It will serve as a platform for further dramatic advances, in the form of ongoing R&D aimed at producing 
software enabling humanoid robots to achieve humanlike general intelligence beyond the early childhood level. Its 
successful completion is expected to have broad impact on the Al field, inspiring other researchers to pursue 
integrated cognitive architectures for intelligent agent control, and in general helping to revive research interest in the 
original, ambitious goals of the Al field. 
Concretely, in order to ensure this influence happens, we intend to publish at least three papers in high-impact 
journals summarizing the results of the project, along with making a highly-publicized release of the open-source code 
developed, and launching a series of YouTube videos showing the intelligent robot children in action. Presentations at 
appropriate conferences will also be done, including academic robotics and Al conferences (AAAI, IEEE) as well as 
futurist conferences such as the Singularity Summit, Humanity+, World Future Society, etc. 
While the current proposal is focused on pure research, we also intend to encourage the commercialization of 
the technology developed in the project, initially via collaboration with Hanson Robotics and Jetta (the Hong Kong firm 
that manufactures Hanson's robots) on the creation and marketing of intelligent robot toys. Hanson Robotics has 
carefully explored the business and technical aspects of this sort of product offering, but currently lacks the Al 
technology to make it work on their own. 
Of the $21 billion market for remote-control electronic toys, about $200 million consists of higher-end robotic 
EFTA01137430
--- PAGE 9 ---
devices costing $100 or more (including e.g. the Nao, smart drones like the Parrot, and the Kondo robot kits).3 At 
lower price points, it's hard to draw the line between robot toys like RoboSapien and "mere" electronic remote 
control devices. Clearly the market for - $100 robot toys could be grown dramatically via the entrance of radically 
superior technology into the marketplace. One could imagine a commercial toy robot with an initial hardware cost of 
—$99, plus a monthly subscription fee of perhaps $4.99, the latter buying online access to OpenCog AGI servers 
supplying the robots with advanced intelligence. 
Beyond this, there are a number of possibilities for commercialization of the specific cognitive robotics 
technology expected to result from this project, including in: 
• 
The robotics industry. The advances in general intelligence developed for robots will make them suitable to take 
on more roles in the service industry, among others. 
• 
The toy industry. With toys becoming increasingly sophisticated and electronic, our proposed software can be 
applied to drive the behavior of new electronic toys. 
• 
The consumer electronics industry. Consumer electronics such as tablet computers and smart phones could 
benefit greatly from being more intelligent, more responsive to users and more predictive of users' needs. 
And of course, the follow-on AGI development enabled by success in our project could have much broader 
commercial impact. 
We are also enthused about the broader social implications of advanced artificial general intelligence making 
its initial advent in the guise of friendly, childlike humanoid robots. In the future as AGI advances beyond the childlike 
level, human attitudes toward AGI may become complex and contentious; we believe the best path to an agreeable 
future is one in which people and early-stage AGIs have a relationship of mutual understanding. 
Budget 
Please see separate budget spreadsheet. 
Timeline/Milestones 
Please see separate document 
References 
1. B. Goertzel and C. Pennachin, Artificial General Intelligence. Springer, 2005. 
2. (AGI-01) B. G. Stan Franklin and P. W. (Editors), Proceedings of First Conference on Artificial General 
Intelligence. IOS Press, 2008. 
3. (AGI-02) P. H. Marcus Flutter and B. G. (Editors), Proceedings of Second Conference on Artificial 
General Intelligence. Atlantis Press, 2008. 
4. N. C. (Editor), Human-Level Intelligence (Special Issue of Artificial Intelligence Magazine). AAAI, 2006. 
5. B. Goertzel, "Opencog prime: A cognitive synergy based architecture for embodied artificial general 
intelligence," in Proceedings of ICCI-09, Hong Kong, 2009. 
6. Arel, D. Rose, and T. Karnowski, "A deep learning architecture comprising homogeneous cortical 
circuits for scalable spatiotemporal pattern inference." NIPS 2009 Workshop on Deep Learning for 
Speech Recognition and Related Applications, Dec 2009. 
7. Thomas P. Karnowski, Itamar Arel, Derek Rose: Deep Spatiotemporal Feature Learning with 
Application to Image Classification. ICMLA 2010: 883-888 
8. Goertzel, Ben (2011). Integrating a Compositional Spatiotemporal Deep Learning Network with 
Symbolic Representation/Reasoning within an Integrative Cognitive Architecture via an 
Intermediary Semantic Network. Proceedings of AAAI Symposium on Cognitive Systems, Arlington 
Figures via personal communication from Mark Tilden. founder & chief scientist of Wowee, maker of RoboSapien 
EFTA01137431
--- PAGE 10 ---
VA 
9. Goertzel, Ben and Hugo de Garis. XIA-MAN: An Integrative, Extensible Architecture for Intelligent 
Humanoid Robotics. AAAI Symposium on Biologically-Inspired Cognitive Architectures, Washington 
DC, November 2008 
10. Goertzel, Ben and Stephan Vladimir Bugaj. AGI Preschool: A Framework for Evaluating Early-Stage 
Human-like AGIs. Proceedings of the Second Conference on Artificial General Intelligence, Atlantis 
Press. 
11. Sam Adams, Itmar Arel, Joscha Bach, Robert Coop, Rod Furlan, Ben Goertzel, J. Storrs Hall, Alexei 
Samsonovich, Matthias Scheutz, Matthew Schlesinger, Stuart C. Shapiro, John Sowa (2012). 
Mapping the Landscape of Human-Level Artificial General Intelligence. Al Magazine, Winter 2012. 
12. P. Hayes and K. Ford., "Turing test considered harmful," IJCAI-14, 1995 
13. Kurzweil, Ray (2005). The Singularity Is Near. Viking. 
14. Breazeal, Cynthia (2002). Designing Sociable Robots. MIT Press. 
15. Hanson D. "Bioinspired Robotics", chapter 16 in the book Biomimetics, ed. Yoseph Bar-Cohen, CRC 
Press, October 2005. 
16. Hanson, David and V. White. (2004). "Converging the Capabilities of ElectroActive Polymer 
Artificial Muscles and the Requirements of Bio-inspired Robotics", Proc. SPIE's Electroactive 
Polymer Actuators and Devices Conf., San Diego 
17. Samsonovich, A. V. (2010). Toward a unified catalog of implemented cognitive architectures 
(review). In Samsonovich, A. V., J6hannsthSttir, K. R., Chella, A., and Goertzel, B. (Eds.). Biologically 
inspired Cognitive Architectures 2010: Proceedings of the First Annual Meeting of the BICA Society. 
Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applications, vol. 221, pp. 195-244. Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands: lOS Press. ISSN 0922-6389. 
18. Goertzel, Ben, Cassio Pennachin, Nil Geissweiller, Moshe Looks, Andre Senna, An Heljakka, Welter 
Silva, Carlos Lopes . An Integrative Methodology for Teaching Embodied Non-Linguistic Agents, 
Applied to Virtual Animals in Second Life, in Proceedings of the First AG; Conference, Ed. Wang et al, 
IOS Press 
EFTA01137432

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137433.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137433.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Brad Wechsler <1 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 17 Nov 2014 22:01:48 +0000 
Attachments: Package_11-14-14.pdf 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137433

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137434.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137434.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of September 30, 2014 
Trustees 
Beneficiaries 
Dolled 
HISIOriCal 
Solid ine - Current 
TRUSTS WITH EXTERNAL TRUSTEES 
(in millions) 
U.S. Trust 
(Delware) as 
BC 
DB 
JH 
JH 
LDB 
RR 
BC 
RR 
JH 
JH 
LDB 
NB 
BC 
administrative 
Matte 
1997 Black 
Judah 2009
Leon Black 
1968 Trusts 
1992Trusts 
B J AV 
: :8 
J A V 
Slack 2003 
Fond/ Trust 
Family Trust 
Om LOB by 
Trust twimase 
1999 
Insurance 
Trust A) 
Trust 1 
asselsclecoledZen 
all moots docinoaXii3 
.0 met, drenlet 2014 
Black 2011 Family Trust 
APO Agreement 
EIHEEI 
LDB 2011 
LLC 
LBF Holdings 
LLC 
1.1% 
LDB 2014 
LLC 
Black Family 
Partners LP 
Black 2011 Family Trust 
• Cash - $0.1 
• Notes rec. (APOI) - $135 
• LDB 2014 LLC - $209 
• Notes pay. (LOB 2011)- ($9) 
Total Value: $335 
LDB 2014 LLC 
• Cash - $6 
• BFP LP (7.2%) - $203 
APOI Agreement 
• Cash $8 
• Note rec. (LOB) - $1.687 
• LOB 2011 LLC - $126 
• LBF Hldgs LLC - $97 
• Art - 4182 
• Life Int. M Townhouse - $34 
• Notes pay. (MI Tr) - (4f35)
• Sates Tax payable- ($1) 
Total Value: $1,998 
LDB 2 11 LLC 
• Cas - $7 
• Notes rec. (2011 Tr) - $9 
Mar etable Sec. - $3 
• Pvt. Eq. (Apollo) - $18 
• Pvt. Eq. (non Apollo) - $4 
• Art -$75 
• Phaidon Global cost- $11.6 
• Regan Arts cost- 40.4 
• Loans (BFP) - ($2) 
separate trutt lot 010% chdd rah nurbatory 
income to the chid enter ice 25 end cascrebco to 
clittabuto prinocol tote Or Id at anytime 
LBF Holdings LLC 
• Cash - SI 
• Note rec. (AP02) - $79 
• Apollo Inv Corp. - $6 
• Apollo Credit Ow. - $11 
APO2 
Declaration 
125% 
Back Family 
1997 GST 
Exempt Trust 
Art Partnership 
! BAR LLD 
Black Family Partners LP 
Cash $20 
Notes rec.-net (LOB) - $32 
Heritage rec. - $3 
BRH Holdngs LP - $2.210 
TRA (contingent rec.) - $322 
Investment Ptrsps - $98 
Apollo Investments - $70 
Ph. Eq. (non Apollo) - $62 
Credit Facility (Phaidon Global) - $13 
Pvt. ED/Debt/ROStr. Stock - S6 
Total Value: $2.836 
11.00 trust 2/100 Debra and all doutedmus with 
dscreten to doubyte ncome end min:oriel 
Trustees have escretnn to create separate trines 
nor descendents 
[
Leon Sal
999 
Insurance 
Trust 2 
Debra and 
Leon Black 
Insurance 
Trust (1992) 
AP02 Declaration 
1992 Insurance 
• Cash - 47 
• Cash (Phaidon Global) - $1 
• Buckingham RAF - $12 
Trust 
• $10 Hancock 
• Private equity - $6 
• $10 Hartford 
• BFP LP (12.5%) - $356 
• Art - $357 
• Real estate IOFH. Warren St.. 
1999 Ins. Trust #2 
SH Meadow) - $28 
• $100 insurance on 
• Phaidon Global cost- $62 
LBOB )2nd to Die) 
• Regan Ms Cass- $2 
• ArtspaceLLC-$5 
Black Family 1997 GST i t
• NerePaY. (1-SP) - 
• Loans (BFP) - ($1t) 
• Note pay. (OFH)- ($8) 
Exempt Trust 
• Phaidon Global cost- $3.0 
• ReganArts cost-$0.1 
• Other pay. - (SI) 
Total Value: $3 
Total Value: $737 
Single tnnt f/b/o Debra nd all descendants 
with dncreban to distribute sioame and 
compel. 
Separate trusts for chadren/decendants on 
death of Leal and Debra 
Total Trust Value $ 3,073 
EFTA01137434
--- PAGE 2 ---
BLACK ASSET SUMMARY - TRUSTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2014 
APO 2 TRUST + 
APO 1 TRUST + 
LDB 2014 LLC + 
BLACK FAMILY 
LDB 2011 + LBF 
2011 TRUSTS 
GST TRUST 
HOLDINGS 
TOTAL 
TRUSTS 
ASSETS 
CASH 
U.S. TRUST 
5,875,476 
7,289,407 
8,014,471 
21.179.354 
JP MORGAN 
134,224 
8.169.910 
8.304.134 
CASH IN PHAIDON GLOBAL / PLB 
1.027,390 
180.244 
1.207.634 
5,875,476 
8,451,021 
16.364.625 
30,691,122 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
203,305,241 
355,923,560 
559,228,801 
FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 
MARKETABLE SECURITIES 
116,843 
3,048,760 
3.165.603 
APOLLO RELATED INVESTMENTS 
35,259,265 
35.259.265 
OTHER PRIVATE EQUITY/ DEBT & RESTRICTED STOCK 
78,326,999 
15,126,670 
93.453.668 
INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIPS 
12.423.184 
463,944 
12,887,128 
90.867.026 
53,898,639
144.765.664 
INTRA FAMILY/ TRUST RECEIVABLES 
LDB 
1.686,834,486 
1.686.834.486 
APO1 AGREEMENT 
134.788,716 
134,788,716 
APO2 DECLARATION 
78.953.512 
78.953.512 
134.788.716 
1.765.787.998 
1,900,576,714 
FINE ART AND TANGIBLE INVESTMENTS 
ART - FINE 
356.733.889 
256.887.166 
613,621,055 
356.733.889  
256,887,166 
613,621,055 
REAL ESTATE 
RESIDENCE - TOWNHOUSE 
34,073.680 
34.073.680 
RESIDENCE - 715 MEADOW LANE, SH 
8.300.000 
8.300.000 
RESIDENCE - FL CONDO 
16.500.000 
16.500.000 
RESIDENCE - 101 WARREN STREET, NYC 
3.500.500 
3.500.500 
28.300.500 
34.073.680 
62.374.180 
TOTAL ASSETS 
343.969.433 
840.275.996 
2.127.012.107 
3,311,257,536 
LIABILITIES 
THIRD PARTY LIABILITIES 
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE 
(102.796) 
(1.255.717) 
(1,358,513) 
BALANCE PAYABLE - FL CONDO 
(8.250.000) 
(8.250.000) 
(8.352.796) 
(1.255.717) 
(9.608.513) 
INTRA FAMILY/ TRUST PAYABLES 
APO 1 AGREEMENT 
(9.384.078) 
(9.384.078) 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS LP 
(14.329) 
(1.136.600) 
(1.150.929) 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS LP (PHAIDON GLOBAL) 
(11.469.294) 
(2,012,157) 
(13.481.451) 
LBF HOLDINGS LLC 
(78.953.512) 
(78.953.512) 
CHILDREN'S TRUSTS 
(125.404.638) 
(125.404.638) 
(9.398.407) 
(91.559.406) 
(127.416.795) 
(228.374.608) 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
(9.398.407) 
(99.912.202) 
(128.672.512) 
(237.983.121) 
NET WORTH 
334.571.026 
740,363.794 
1.998.339.596 
3.073.274.416 
11/1412014 
EFTA01137435
--- PAGE 3 ---
BLACK FAMILY GROUP - TRUSTS 
TOTAL 
LDB 2014 LLC + 
2011 TRUSTS 
APO 21 RUST + 
BLACK FAMILY 
GST TRUST 
APO 1 1 RUS1 + 
LDB 2011 + LBF 
HOLDINGS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2014 
FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 
MARKETABLE SECURITIES 
VECTOR GROUP LTD 
962,825 
- 
- 
962,825 
Closing Price 
WYNDHAM WORLDWIDE CORP 
796,348 
- 
- 
796,348 
Closing Price 
UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORP 
422,400 
- 
- 
422,400 
Closing Price 
AVIS BUDGET GROUP INC 
268,961 
- 
- 
268,961 
Closing Price 
BP PLC SPONSERED ADR 
223,881 
- 
- 
223,881 
Closing Price 
LADENBURG THALMANN FINL SVCS 
61,175 
- 
- 
61,175 
Closing Price 
SYMANTEC CORPORATION 
70,765 
- 
70,765 
- 
Closing Price 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS 
60,746 
- 
- 
60,746 
Closing Price 
PHH CORP 
54,782 
- 
- 
54,782 
Closing Price 
WALT DISNEY CO 
32,051 
- 
- 
32,051 
Closing Price 
HERSHEY COMPANY 
30,538 
- 
- 
30,538 
Closing Price 
EXXON MOBIL CORP 
30,096 
- 
- 
30,096 
Closing Price 
ALCATEL-LUCENT 
29,427 
- 
29,427 
- 
Closing Price 
COCA COLA COMPANY 
20,477 
- 
- 
20,477 
Closing Price 
BOEING CO 
20,381 
- 
- 
20,381 
Closing Price 
PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL 
20,016 
- 
- 
20,016 
Closing Price 
MICROSEMI CORP 
16,644 
- 
16,644 
- 
Closing Price 
ALTRIA GROUP INC. 
11,026 
- 
- 
11,026 
Closing Price 
TWENTY FIRST CENTURY FOX CL B 
10,659 
- 
- 
10,659 
Closing Price 
TWENTY FIRST CENTURY FOX CL A 
6,858 
- 
- 
6,858 
Closing Price 
MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC 
5,619 
- 
- 
5,619 
Closing Price 
SOLIGENIX INC 
4,768 
- 
- 
4,768 
Closing Price 
KRAFT FOODS GROUP INC 
3,046 
- 
- 
3,046 
Closing Price 
NEW CORPORATION CL B 
1,290 
- 
- 
1,290 
Closing Price 
NEW CORPORATION CL A 
818 
- 
- 
818 
Closing Price 
CELL THERAPEUTICS INC 
- 
- 
Closing Price 
TOTAL MARKETABLE SECURITIES 
3,165,603 
- 
116,843 
3,048,760 
APOLLO RELATED INVESTMENTS 
APOLLO INVESTMENT CORP (AINV) - $8.17 
5,914,655 
- 
- 
5,914,655 
Closing Price 
SUBTOTAL PUBLIC 
5,914,655 
- 
- 
5,914,655 
11/14/2014 
EFTA01137436
--- PAGE 4 ---
BLACK FAMILY GROUP - TRUSTS 
TOTAL 
LDB 2014 LLC + 
2011 TRUSTS 
APO 2 TRUST + 
BLACK FAMILY 
GST TRUST 
APO 1 TRUST + 
LDB 2011 + LBF 
HOLDINGS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2014 
FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 
FCI CO-INVESTORS I (A) LP 
18,266,408 
- 
- 
18,266,408 
6/30/14 Capital Account +/- cash 
APOLLO CREDIT OPP. I LP 
11,077,976 
- 
- 
11,077,976 
6/30/14 Capital Account +/- cash 
APOLLO INVESTMENT FUND LP 
225 
- 
- 
225 
Financial Statements 12/31/13 
AIF II LP 
- 
- 
Zero net assets per 2013 F/S 
SUBTOTAL OTHER INVESTMENT/PE FUNDS 
29,344,610 
- 
- 
29,344,610 
TOTAL APOLLO RELATED INVESTMENTS 
35,259,265 
- 
- 
35,259,265 
OTHER PRIVATE EQUITY/DEBT & RESTRICTED STOCK 
PRIVATE EQUITY - NON APOLLO 
DUNE REAL ESTATE FUND LP 
1,906,829 
- 
1,906,829 
- 
6/30/14 Capital Account +/- cash 
QUADRANGLE (OFFSHORE) CAPITAL PARTNERS II LP 
1,681,214 
- 
1,681,214 
- 
6/30/14 Capital Account +/- cash 
SEARCHLIGHT CAPITAL LP 
798,595 
- 
- 
798,595 
6/30/14 Capital Account +/- cash 
QUADRANGLE (AIV) CAPITAL PARTNERS II LP 
382,399 
- 
382,399 
- 
6/30/14 Capital Account +/- cash 
QUADRANGLE CAPITAL PARTNERS II LP 
276,055 
- 
276,055 
- 
6/30/14 Capital Account +/- cash 
QUADRANGLE CAPITAL PARTNERS LP 
271,406 
- 
- 
271,406 
6/30/14 Capital Account +/- cash 
SEARCHLIGHT CAPITAL AIV I LP 
229,747 
- 
- 
229,747 
6/30/14 Capital Account +/- cash 
QUADRANGLE (ACCESS) CAPITAL PARTNERS LP 
125,977 
- 
- 
125,977 
6/30/14 Capital Account +/- cash 
MARKSTONE CAPITAL PARTNERS LP 
125,119 
- 
125,119 
- 
2013 K-1 +/- cash 
QUADRANGLE (AIV2) CAP PARTNERS II LP 
107,486 
- 
107,486 
- 
6/30/14 Capital Account +/- cash 
SUBTOTAL PE FUNDS 
5,904,827 
- 
4,479,102 
1,425,725 
SUBTOTAL 
5,904,827 
- 
4,479,102 
1,425,725 
11/14/2014 
EFTA01137437
--- PAGE 5 ---
BLACK FAMILY GROUP - TRUSTS 
TOTAL 
LDB 2014 LLC + 
2011 TRUSTS 
APO 21 RUST + 
BLACK FAMILY 
GST TRUST 
APO 1 1 RUS1 + 
LDB 2011 + LBF 
HOLDINGS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2014 
FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 
PRIVATE EQUITY - REAL ESTATE & FORMER APOLLO 
AREIF IV CO-INVESTORS LLC 
755,466 
- 
71,029 
684,437 
2013 K-1 +/- cash 
APOLLO RE ADVISORS IV LP 
109,532 
- 
109,532 
- 
2013 K-1 +/- cash 
APOLLO RE ADVISORS III LP 
56,743 
- 
56,743 
- 
2013 K-1 +/- cash 
AREIF III CO-INVESTORS LLC 
34,776 
- 
34,776 
- 
2013 K-1 +/- cash 
AREIF III TRANSFER MEMBERS LLC 
3,731 
- 
- 
3,731 
2013 K-1 +/- cash 
APOLLO RE INVESTMENT FUND LP 
- 
- 
2013 K-1 (Tax) +/- cash • 
SUBTOTAL REAL ESTATE 
960,249 
- 
272,080 
688,169 
SUBTOTAL 
960,249 
- 
272,080 
688,169 
PRIVATE EQUITY/ DEBT & RESTRICTED STOCK 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS WORLDWIDE (ESWW) - $82.5 
2,467,568 
- 
1,263,900 
1,203,668 
Closing Price 
SUBTOTAL - PUBLIC 
2,467,568 
- 
1,263,900 
1,203,668 
PHAIDON PRESS LTD 
69,707,345 
- 
59,303,264 
10,404,081 Equity 
LOAN TO PHAIDON PRESS LTD 
6,916,180 
- 
5,883,915 
1,032,266 
Cost 
REGAN ARTS LLC 
2,497,500 
- 
2,124,739 
372,761 Equity 
ARTSPACE LLC 
5,000,000 
- 
5,000,000 n 
- 
Cost of funding 
SUBTOTAL OTHER 
84,121,025 
- 
72,311,917 
11,809,108 
SUBTOTAL 
86,588,593 
- 
73,575,817 
13,012,776 
TOTAL OTHER PRIVATE EQUITY/DEBT 8, RESTRICTED STOCK 
93,453,669 
- 
78,326,999 
15,126,670 
* Allocated debt in excess of negative tax basis 
___ 
i 
11/14/2014 
EFTA01137438
--- PAGE 6 ---
BLACK FAMILY GROUP - TRUSTS 
TOTAL 
LDB 2014 LLC + 
2011 TRUSTS 
APO 21 RUST + 
BLACK FAMILY 
GST TRUST 
APO 1 1 RUS1 + 
LDB 2011 + LBF 
HOLDINGS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2014 
FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 
INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIPS 
BUCKINGHAM RAF PARTNERS LP 
11,863,546 
- 
11,863,546 
- 
9/30/14 Capital Account 
BLUE STAR I LLC 
68,050 
- 
68,050 
- 
8/31/14 Capital Account +/- cash 
SUBTOTAL HEDGE FUNDS 
11,931,596 
- 
11,931,596 
- 
AP TECHNOLOGY PARTNERS LLC 
321,024 
- 
- 
321,024 
% of Est. Future Cash Flows 
GIFTHORSE PARTNERS, LLC 
227,611 
- 
227,611 
- 
2013 K-1 (Tax) +/- cash 
AP ENERGY PARTNERS 
177,864 
- 
177,864 
- 
2013 K-1(Tax) +/- cash 
MICROBES INVESTORS LLC 
142,916 
- 
- 
142,916 
2013 K-1 (Tax) +/- cash 
PROQUEST INVESTMENTS, LP 
82,631 
- 
82,631 
- 
6/30/14 Capital Account 
JERUSALEM VENTURE PARTNERS LLC 
3,480 
- 
3,480 
- 
2013 K-1 +/- cash 
AP SHL INVESTORS LLC 
- 
- 
Expected Write-Off 
VIROPRO INVESTORS LLC 
- 
- 
Expected Write-Off 
BHM INVESTORS LLC 
- 
- 
Expected Write-Off 
BLUE SUNSHINE, LLC 
- 
- 
2013 K-1 (Tax) +/- cash* 
M-RELATED LLC 
- 
- 
2013 K-1 (Tax) +/- cash • 
PAM CENTRE LP 
- 
- 
2013 K-1 (Tax) +/- cash* 
SUBTOTAL OTHER FUNDS 
955,532 
- 
491,588 
463,944 
TOTAL INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIPS 
12,887,128 
- 
12,423,184 
463,944 
* Allocated debt in excess of negative tax basis 
11/14/2014 
EFTA01137439
--- PAGE 7 ---
LDB 2014 LLC incl 2011 TRUSTS 
Balance Sheet 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2014 
Assets 
Cash 
U.S. TRUST 
JP MORGAN 
CASH IN PHAIDON GLOBAL / PLB 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
Financial Investments 
MARKETABLE SECURITIES 
APOLLO RELATED INVESTMENTS 
OTHER PRIVATE EQUITY/ DEBT & RESTRICTED STOCK 
INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIPS 
Intra Family/ Trust Receivables 
LDB 
APO 1 AGREEMENT 
APO2 DECLARATION 
Fine Art and Tangible Investments 
ART - FINE 
Real Estate 
RESIDENCE 
RESIDENCE 
RESIDENCE 
RESIDENCE 
Total Assets 
Liabilities 
- TOWNHOUSE, NYC 
- 715 MEADOW LANE, SH 
- FL CONDO 
- 101 WARREN STREET, NYC 
Third Party Liabilities 
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE 
BALANCE PAYABLE - FL CONDO 
Intra Family/ Trust Payables 
APO 1 AGREEMENT 
DUE TO BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS LP 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS LP (PHAIDON GLOBAL) 
LBF HOLDINGS LLC 
CHILDREN'S TRUSTS 
Total Liabilities 
Net Worth 
5.875.476 
5,875.476 
203.305,241i 
134.788,716 
134,788,716 
t 
343,969.433 
(9,384,078) 
(14,329) 
(9,398.407) 
(9,398.407) 
334,571.026 
EFTA01137440
--- PAGE 8 ---
APO2 DECLARATION & 97 GST EXEMPT TRUST 
Balance Sheet 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2014 
Assets 
Cash 
U.S. TRUST 
JP MORGAN 
7,289.407 
134.224 
CASH IN PHAIDON GLOBAL / PLB 
1,027.390 
8.451,021 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
355.923,560 
Financial Investments 
MARKETABLE SECURITIES 
116.843 
APOLLO RELATED INVESTMENTS 
OTHER PRIVATE EQUITY/ DEBT & RESTRICTED STOCK 
78,326.999 
INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIPS 
12,423.184 
90.867,026 
Intra Family/ Trust Receivables 
DUE FROM LDB 
DUE FROM APO 1 AGREEMENT 
DUE FROM APO2 DECLARATION 
Fine Art and Tangible Investments 
ART - FINE 
356,733,889 
Real Estate 
RESIDENCE - TOWNHOUSE, NYC 
RESIDENCE - 715 MEADOW LANE, SH 
8,300.000 
RESIDENCE - FL CONDO 
16,500.000 
RESIDENCE - 101 WARREN STREET, NYC 
3,500.500 
28.300,500 
Total Assets 
840.275,996 
Liabilities 
Third Party Liabilities 
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE 
(102,796) 
BALANCE PAYABLE - FL CONDO 
(8,250,000) 
(8.352,796) 
Intra Family/ Trust Payables 
APO 1 AGREEMENT 
DUE TO BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS LP 
(1,136.600) 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS LP (PHAIDON GLOBAL) 
(11,469.294) 
LBF HOLDINGS LLC 
(78,953.512) 
CHILDREN'S TRUSTS 
(91.559,406) 
Total Liabilities 
(99.912,202) 
Net Worth 
740.363,794 
EFTA01137441
--- PAGE 9 ---
APO 1 AGREEMENT incl LDB 2011 LLC & LBF HOLDINGS LLC 
Balance Sheet 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2014 
Assets 
Cash 
U.S. TRUST 
JP MORGAN 
CASH IN PHAIDON GLOBAL / PLB 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
8.014.471
8.169.910 
180,244 
16,364,625
Financial Investments 
MARKETABLE SECURITIES 
3.048.760 
APOLLO RELATED INVESTMENTS 
35.259.265  
_I
INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIPS 
 15.126.670 
OTHER PRIVATE EQUITY/ DEBT & RESTRICTED STOCK 
463.944 
53.898.639 
Intra Family/ Trust Receivables 
DUE FROM LDB 
1,686,834.486 
DUE FROM BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS LP 
DUE FROM CHILDREN'S TRUSTS 
DUE FROM APO2 DECLARATION 
78,953,512 
1,765,787,998 
Fine Art and Tangible Investments 
ART - FINE 
256,887,166 
Real Estate 
RESIDENCE - TOWNHOUSE. NYC 
34.073.680 
RESIDENCE - 715 MEADOW LANE, SH 
RESIDENCE - FL CONDO 
RESIDENCE - 101 WARREN STREET, NYC 
34,073,680 
Total Assets 
2.127.012.108 
Liabilities 
Third Party Liabilities 
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE 
(1,255,717) 
BALANCE PAYABLE - FL CONDO 
(1,255,717) 
Intra Family/ Trust Payables 
APO 1 AGREEMENT 
DUE TO BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS LP 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS LP (PHAIDON GLOBAL) 
(2,012,157) 
DUE TO CHILDREN'S TRUSTS 
(125,404,638) 
DUE TO LBF HOLDINGS LLC 
(127.416.795) 
Total Liabilities 
(128,672,512) 
Net Worth 
1,998,339,596 
EFTA01137442
--- PAGE 10 ---
BLACK ASSET SUMMARY - TRUSTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2014 
BLACK FAMILY 
PARTNERS 
ASSETS 
CASH 
U.S. TRUST 
JP MORGAN 
CASH IN PHAIDON GLOBAL / PLB 
..... . 
18.169.948 
1,766,394 
19,936,342 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
AOG RELATED ITEMS: 
BRH HOLDINGS, LP (45.9%) - $23.84; 92,727,166 SHS 
2,210,615,637 
CONTINGENT RECEIVABLE FROM AFFILIATE 
4...... 
322.022.716 
FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 
MARKETABLE SECURITIES 
1,692,175 
APOLLO RELATED INVESTMENTS 
70.042.348 
OTHER PRIVATE EQUITY/ DEBT & RESTRICTED STOCK 
65.055.785 
INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIPS 
98,221,719 
235,012,027 
INTRA FAMILY/ TRUST RECEIVABLES 
LDB 
31,602,801 
APO1 AGREEMENT 
APO2 DECLARATION 
RECEIVABLE FROM PHAIDON GLOBAL 
13,494,946 
45,097,747 
FINE ART AND TANGIBLE INVESTMENTS 
ART - FINE 
REAL ESTATE 
RESIDENCE -
RESIDENCE -
RESIDENCE -
RESIDENCE - 
TOWNHOUSE 
715 MEADOW LANE, SH 
FL CONDO 
101 WARREN STREET, NYC 
OTHER ASSETS 
HERITAGE RECEIVABLE 
TOTAL ASSETS 
LIABILITIES 
THIRD PARTY LIABILITIES 
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE 
BALANCE PAYABLE - FL CONDO 
INTRA FAMILY/ TRUST PAYABLES 
APO 1 AGREEMENT 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS LP 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS LP (PHAIDON GLOBAL) 
LBF HOLDINGS 
CHILDREN'S TRUSTS 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
NET WORTH 
3,407,335 
2,836,091,804 
r 
2,836,091,804 
11/14/2014 
EFTA01137443
--- PAGE 11 ---
BLACK FAMILY TRUSTS - GLOBAL 
SOURCES & USES OF CASH 
YTD thru 9/30/14 
TOTAL 
LDB 2014 LLC + 
2011 TRUSTS 
APO 2 TRUST + 
BLACK FAMILY 
GST TRUST 
APO 1 TRUST + 
LDB 2011 + LBF 
HOLDINGS 
BALANCE 
12/31/2013 
91.770,624 
SOURCES: 
1,127,108 
90,643,516 
BFP Distributions 
53,102,409 
5,734,800 
30,879,659 
16,487,950 
Investment Distributions 
36,805,614 
740,670 
36,064,943 
Note Related Activity (Net) 
10,406,060 
(9,921,442) 
20,327,502 
Bank 
1,674 
1.430 
244 
100,315,757 
5,734,800 
21,700,318 
72,880,639 
USES: 
Art 
(60,713,083) 
(5,985,377) 
(54,727,705) 
Art (Intra-family) [1] 
(43,347,525) 
(43,347,525) 
Real Estate 
(38,383,415) 
(4,223,114) 
(34,160,301) 
Internal (Net) 
(14,607,526) 
(138,466) 
(14,469,060) 
Investment Fundings 
(5,275,268) 
(5,060,439) 
(214,829) 
Taxes (Use/Real Estate) 
(432,214) 
(17,211) 
(415,003) 
Professional Fees 
(80,381) 
(68,347) 
(12,035) 
Miscellaneous 
(41,014) 
(40,609) 
(405) 
Trust Distrib - Children 
(14,000) 
(14,000) 
(162,894,426) 
(15,547,563) 
(147,346,863) 
Net Change 
(62,578,669) 
5,734,800 
6,152,755 
(74,466,224) 
BALANCE 
9/30/2014 
29,191,955 
5,734,800 
7,279,863 
16,177,292 
[1] Narrows LLC acquired art & Trusts purchased from Narrows LLC 
[2] 
Distributed proceeds to Life Ins Trust #2 
(12,500,000) 
(12,500,000) 
Inv proceeds received in PY transferred internally in CY 
(2,107,526) 
(520) 
(2,107,006) 
(14,607,526) 
(520) 
(14,607,006) 
EFTA01137444

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137445.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137445.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137445

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137446.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137446

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137447.pdf
----------------------------------------
+
-
-
EFTA01137447

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137448.pdf
----------------------------------------
. 
P• 
Ittle 
CuZ 
EFTA01137448

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137449.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137449.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137449

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137450.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137450

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137451.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137451

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137452.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137452.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137452

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137453.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137453.pdf
----------------------------------------
. 
EFTA01137453

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137454.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137454

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137455.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137455

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137456.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137456

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137457.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137457.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137457

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137458.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137458

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137459.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137459

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137460.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137460.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137460

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137461.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
mirk
Towetto44 nevus 
January 31, 2013 
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT COMMISSION 
INDUSTRIAL PARK DEVELOI'MI•NT CORPORATION 
Erika Kellerhals, Esq. 
Kellerhals Ferguson, LLP 
9100 Havensight 
Port of Sale, Suite 15-16 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
RE: 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. —
Recommendation for Economic Development Benefits 
Dear Attorney Kellerhals: 
This serves as a formal notification of actions taken by the Governing Board of the Economic 
Development Commission ("EDC") regarding the Southern Trust Company, Inc., application for 
Economic Development Benefits. 
The Governing Board of the EDC considered the application of Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
(the "Applicant") during its Decision Meeting on January 23, 2013. The "grant of benefits", as 
described in Item A of Attachment No. 1, is being recommended to the Governor. The "grant 
of benefits" will require the Applicant to employ a minimum of five (5) full-time employees 
within one year from the date the Chairman signs its Certificate, and an additional five (5) full-
time employees by the end of the sixth (61h) year of operation. The Applicant was granted a 
50% resident employment waiver for the first five (5) years of operation and to require the 
following: The Applicant will contribute Two Thousand Five Hundred U.S. Dollars ($2,500) 
annually to the Territorial Scholarship Fund, administered by the Board of Education, for each 
non-resident that causes it not to meet the 80% requirement. The Applicant will also exhaust 
all requirement options available but not limited to the University of the Virgin Islands and the 
Department of Labor. The Applicant will invest at least Four Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars 
($400,000) in the benefited business upon commencement of benefits and completing one (1) 
year thereafter. The Applicant will, of course, be required to comply with the Provisions of Title 
29, Chapter 12, V.I. Code; Section 934 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code; the EDC Rules & 
Regulations; and such special conditions as specified in Item C of Attachment No. 1. 
Upon your review of the Board's recommendation, it is requested that you sign below indicating 
whether or not you accept said recommendations, and return to the EDC by February 15, 2013 
for further processing. 
A DIVISION OPTHE ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY 
P.O. BOX 305038 • ST. THOMAS. U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 00803 • 
• Fa 
#116 KING 
• 
• 
OIX, U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 00840 • 
• Fax 
TOLL FREE I. 
• wwwumiecla.org 
EFTA01137461
--- PAGE 2 ---
UNITIM SIAM VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Tacteilva Vasa 
Erika Kellerhals, Esq. 
January 31, 2013 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Page 2 
Should you not agree with the terms of the grant of benefits, you may request that the 
Commission vote to reconsider its action. In accordance with VIRR §717-402, the Applicant is 
required to submit its petition to the Commission to vote to reconsider its action within thirty 
(30) calendar days from the date a report is sent to the applicant or a decision is served upon 
the Beneficiary. 
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact 
Mrs. Margarita Greenid  e-Benjamin, Director of Applications at MI 
MIE 
or 
Sncerely, r
enni 
ugent-HII 
Assistant Chief Executive Officer 
ilmd 
Enclosure 
cc: 
Percival Clouden, Chief Executive Officer 
Margarita Greenidge-Benjamin, Director of Applications 
ACCEPT 
*DECLINE: 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Signature 
Date 
Signature 
Date 
*Explanation 
EFTA01137462
--- PAGE 3 ---
UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Tactedtau neat 
Attachment No. I. Notice of Recommendation for Economic Development Benefits 
Item A: Tax Benefits 
Description 
1. Income Taxes 
90% Exemption 
2. Real Property Taxes 
100% Exemption 
3. Gross Receipt taxes 
100% Exemption 
4. Excise Taxes 
100% Exemption 
5. Custom Duties 
1% Not Applicable 
6. Interest & Dividends Taxes 
Exemption and partial exemption 
as provided in 713d 
The business operation is located in St. Thomas and the benefits enumerated above are for ten 
(10) years. (Restrictions apply as delineated in the law and Rules and Regulations). 
Item B: The Type of Business Granted Benefits: 
The Applicant will conduct the operation of a Category IIA designated service business 
providing extensive DNA database and develops a data-mining platform for the database to be 
available through the Internet. All of the Applicant's clients will be located outside the U.S. 
Virgin Islands. 
Item C: Special Conditions: 
1. 
The Applicant will make a minimum charitable contribution of Fifty Thousand U.S. 
Dollars ($50,000), annually. The Applicant will donate Three Thousand U.S. Dollars 
($3,000) annually to the Territorial Scholarship Fund pursuant to Act No. 6842. 
Additionally, the Applicant will donate fifty percent (50%) of its annual charitable 
contribution to public school programs and initiatives pursuant to Title 29 §708(m). 
2. 
The Applicant will contribute Two Thousand Five Hundred U.S. ($2,500) annually to 
the Department of Labor, to be managed in collaboration with the EDA, for the 
creation, development, management, and maintenance of a database designed to 
recruit Virgin Islanders living abroad who desire to move back to the U.S. Virgin 
Islands, pursuant to Section 5 of Act No. 7301, as applicable. 
EFTA01137463
--- PAGE 4 ---
UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
44,11 
Taciattrta Diteetot 
3. 
The Applicant will contribute Two Thousand Five Hundred U.S. Dollars ($2,500) 
annually to the Territorial Scholarship Fund, administered by the Board of Education, 
for each non-resident that causes it not to meet the 80% requirement. 
The 
Applicant will also exhaust all requirement options available but not limited to the 
University of the Virgin Islands and the Department of Labor. 
4. 
The Applicant will provide its full-time employees and dependents with one hundred 
percent (10006) employer paid medical and dental insurance coverage. 
5. 
The Applicant will provide each eligible full-time employee with a minimum of Fifty 
Thousand U.S. Dollars ($50,000) employer paid term life insurance. 
6. 
The Applicant will provide its employees with a Simple IRA or similar retirement plan. 
The employee participant may make monthly salary deferrals. The Applicant will 
make a matching contribution equal to 100% of the employee's elective deferral up 
to a limit of 3% of annual compensation. 
7. 
The Applicant will provide its employees with a minimum of two (2) weeks paid 
vacation during the first year of employment, three (3) weeks paid vacation up to 
five (5) years of employment and four (4) weeks paid vacation after five (5) years of 
employment. 
The Applicant will also provide its employees with two (2) paid 
personal days and fifteen (15) paid holidays annually. The Applicant will provide up 
to five (5) personal emergency days and five (5) days bereavement leave. Under the 
medical leave policy, full-time employees may have the financial protection of full 
pay for up to 26 weeks. The Applicant will offer fully paid and unpaid medical leave 
dependent upon a number of factors. 
8. 
The Applicant will comply with the management training program as approved by 
the EDC Commission. 
9. 
The Applicant will provide its employees tuition reimbursement, employee training 
and continuing professional education courses for programs related to an employee's 
job function and approved by management. The maximum assistance to be provided 
to an eligible employee during a calendar year is $5000 depending on the grade 
achieved with 100% for an "A"; 75% for a "B"; and50% for a "C". 
10. 
The Applicant will provide its employees with additional leave from work, other than 
time applied to their annual leave, to participate and represent the Virgin Islands in 
athletic and sporting events in accordance with Title 29 §708(p). 
11. 
The Applicant will establish and maintain a Donated Leave Program similar to the 
program established under Title 3, Chapter 25, Section 583b, Virgin Islands Code, in 
accordance with Title 29 §708(s). 
EFTA01137464
--- PAGE 5 ---
UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Arlin 
Totuativut Z%liteeurt 
12. 
The Applicant will require all contractors to purchase insurance from resident 
insurance companies, agents, or brokers licensed to operate in the territory in 
accordance with Title 29, Virgin Islands Code 708(r). 
13. 
In accordance with and subject to Virgin Islands law, Title 29 Virgin Islands Code 
Chapter 12, Section 708(h) and applicable rules and regulations of the Economic 
Development Commission, with regard to the Eligible Supplier Program, the 
Applicant will purchase all goods and services from U.S. Virgin Islands entities duly 
licensed and in good standing under the laws of the Virgin Islands, as available, to 
the greatest extent possible. 
Item D: Specifically Excluded Trade or Business: 
U.S. Virgin Islands clients are specifically excluded from the tax benefits. 
EFTA01137465

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137466.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137466.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Erika Kellerhals 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 00481.020.001 Southern Trust Company, Inc. - Letter from EDC dated 01.31.13 re 
Recommendation for Benefits 
Date: Wed, 13 Feb 2013 13:01:25 +0000 
Inline-Images: 7B8B96A5-A17A-4855-9256-43BDEEA09109[446].png; 7B8B96A5-A17A-4855-9256-
43BDEEA09109[443].png 
Thanks. 
Erika A. Kellerhals 
Partner 
Kellerhals Ferguson Fletcher Kroblin LLP 
9100 Port of Sale Mall 
Suite 15 
St. Thomas. U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Office: 
Fax: 
Notice: This communication may contain privileged or other confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient. or believe that you have received this 
communication in error. please do not print. copy. re-transmit, disseminate, or otherwise use this information. Also. please indicate to the sender that you have 
received this e-mail in error. and delete the copy you received. Thank you. 
Circular 230: To ensure compliance with the requirements imposed by the IRS. we inform you that any tax advice contained in our communication (including any 
attachments) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used. for the purpose of (i) avoiding any tax penalty or (ii) promoting, marketing or 
recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Wednesday, February 13, 2013 8:59 AM 
To: Erika Kellerhals < 
• 
Cc: Cecile 
>, Jeanne Brennan .c
>, 'Darren Indyke' <
> 
Subject: Re: FW: 00481.020.001 Southern Trust Company, Inc. - Letter from EDC dated 01.31.13 re Recommendation for 
Benefits 
i will sign today 
On Wed, Feb 13, 2013 at 8:57 AM, Erika Kellerhals •‘:
> wrote: 
Please see letter from EDC re: recommendation of benefits. Our review indicated that it accurately reflects the commitments 
made to the EDC as part of the application, supplemental documentation and during the public hearing. 
If you are in agreement —Jeffrey needs to execute that he is accepting the benefits and we can get these back to the EDC and 
up to Government House expeditiously. 
EFTA01137466
--- PAGE 2 ---
Erika A. Kellerhals 
Partner 
Kellerhals Ferguson Fletcher Kroblin LLP 
9100 Port of Sale Mall 
Suite 15 
St. Thomas. U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Office: 
Fax: 
Notice: This communication may contain privileged or other confidential information. II you are not the intended recipient. or believe that you have received this 
communication in error. please do not print. copy. re-transmit. disseminate. or otherwise use this information. Also. please indicate to the sender that you have 
received this e-mail in error. and delete the copy you received. Thank you. 
Circular 230: To ensure compliance with the requirements imposed by the IRS. we inform you that any tax advice contained in our communication (including any 
attachments) was not intended or written to be used. and cannot be used. for the purpose of (i) avoiding any tax penalty or (ii) promoting, marketing or 
recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137467

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137468.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Harry Beller .< 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Cc: Rich Kahn
Subject: Sales tax - defective grantor trust 
Date: Wed, 13 Feb 2013 15:17:54 +0000 
Attachments: Sale to IDGT.docx 
Jeffrey 
Below is the opinion from Drew Benenson of Tarlow & Co. The conclusion in this memo is that an exchange of 
art for stock under a substitution clause in a defective grantor trust is subject to NY sales tax. 
Attached is the memo that I sent Drew to review suggesting some authority to avoid the sales tax. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Drew Benenson 
Date: February 12, 2013 3:39:20 PM EST 
To: Harry Beller 
>, Rich Kahn < 
Subject: Sales tax 
Harry, 
Below is the summary we received from the attorney. Let me know when you want to speak. 
Thank you. 
Drew 
The memorandum Drew Benenson asked us to review looks at two issues with regard to the sales tax 
consequences of a proposed transfer of art from a (defective) grantor trust to the grantor, apparently in 
exchange for stock of the grantor. The issues are: (1) whether a grantor trust (disregarded for federal income 
tax purposes) is recognized as a separate entity for sales tax purposes in a transaction with the grantor; and (2) 
if so, whether its existence could be disregarded instead on a common-law alter-ego theory. 
The memo correctly points out that there is no direct guidance on the sales tax obligations of grantor trusts. 
However, ample authority does exist with respect to other federally disregarded entities-namely, single-
member LLCs (SMLLCs)-and it confirms that New York considers an entity's "disregarded" status for federal 
income tax purposes to be irrelevant with respect to its sales tax obligations. Numerous rulings have found 
SMLLCs subject to sales tax obligations, whether in transactions with third parties or with their sole member. 
See, e.g., Arthur Anderson, TSB-A-99(7)S, Jan. 28, 1999 (ruling that leases of tangible property between a 
federal disregarded SMLLC and its sole member-a C corporation-were taxable retail sales on which the 
SMLLC was obligated to collect tax); M Ventures, LLC, TSB-A-04(11)S, April 27, 2004 (ruling that aircraft 
leases between two SMLLC's owned by the same single member would be subject to tax but for an exemption 
for certain commercial aircraft). 
The memo cites several New York rulings involving transactions among affiliated entities (including 
EFTA01137468
--- PAGE 2 ---
SMLLCs). The Department qualified its findings in those rulings by noting that the analysis presumed that the 
affiliated companies didn't "so dominate the affairs" of one another to be considered mere alter-egos of each 
other under common-law tests. But this language alone does not indicate, as the memo suggests, that the mere 
structure of a defective grantor trust obligates the Department to disregard the separate legal existence of the 
trust and the grantor in a transaction between the two. In fact, similar language appears in numerous other sales 
tax rulings involving complex corporate structures and their sales tax consequences-be it C corporations, 
partnerships or SMLLCs. Like an individual, any trust (acting through its trustee) is, by statute, considered a 
"person" subject to sales tax obligations under Tax Law § 1101(a). 
More critically, the doctrine of piercing the corporate veil (which the memo concludes could work to eliminate 
the tax here) is not one a taxpayer may generally invoke to avoid unfavorable tax consequences. As the 
Appellate Division has held: the "asserted right" to pierce the corporate veil "is not usually invoked by the 
stockholder but by one claiming against him and seeking to avoid the perpetration of a fraud under the cover of 
the corporate veil." (Orda v State Tax Commission, 25 A.D.2d 332, affd, 19 N.Y.2d 636). In fact, New York's 
Court of Appeals stated in Morris v. New York Dept. of Taxation & Fin., 82 N.Y.2d 135 (1993) (a sales tax 
case) that: 
While complete domination of the corporation is the key to piercing the corporate veil, especially when the 
owners use the corporation as a mere device to further their personal rather than the corporate business, such 
domination, standing alone, is not enough; some showing of a wrongful or unjust act toward plaintiff is 
required. 82 N.Y.2d at 141-42. (emphasis added) (citations omitted). 
Here, the grantor trust was ostensibly set up for legitimate business and/or estate planning purposes. Therefore, 
New York's position with regard to any transaction between the trust and its grantor would reflect the widely 
applied concept that a taxpayer must bear the sales tax consequences of its chosen form of doing business. As 
stated by the Appellate Division, "the choice of form [does] not rest with the tax authorities but with the 
taxpayer. If he unfortunately chose a form which was taxable instead of an equally available form which was 
nontaxable, he must bear the consequences." (Sverdlow v. Bates, 283 A.D. 487, 491; see also 107 Delaware 
Associates et al. v. State Tax Comm'n, 99 A.D.2d 29 (1984); Commissioner of Internal Revenue v. Moline 
Properties, Inc., 131 F.2d 388 (1942). 
Drew Benenson, C.P.A. 
Tarlow & Co., C.P.A.'s 
Penn Plaza Suite 210 
New York NY 10001 
Tel -
Fax -
E-mail - 
This electronic mail transmission may contain confidential or privileged information. If you believe that you 
have received this message in error, please notify the sender by reply transmission and delete the message 
without copying it or disclosing it. 
Pursuant to Internal Revenue Service guidance, be advised that any federal tax advice contained in this written 
or electronic communication, including any attachments or enclosures, is not intended or written to be used and 
it cannot be used by any person or entity for the purpose of (i) avoiding any tax penalties that may be imposed 
by the Internal Revenue Service or any other U.S. Federal taxing authority or agency or (ii)promoting or 
marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed here. 
EFTA01137469

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137470.pdf
----------------------------------------
Drew; 
February 6, 2013 
I have researched the issue whether an exchange of art for stock under a 
substitution clause in a defective grantor trust is subject to sales tax. 
A defective grantor trust (IDGT) is a grantor trust whereby the grantor retains 
certain powers as prescribed in IRC sec 671-677. Basically, the powers retained 
include the following: 
a) Reversionary interest 
b) Power to control beneficiary enjoyment 
c) Administrative powers (including the power of substitution) 
d) Power to revoke 
e) Income for benefit of the grantor. 
IRC section 674(a) provides that a grantor will be treated as the owner of any 
portion of a trust over which the grantor has retained a power of disposition. This 
power is defined in Treas.Reg 1.674(a)-1(a) as any power that can effect the 
beneficial enjoyment of the trust property. 
The above powers for Federal Tax purposes considers the IDGT as a non entity, 
whereby the grantor will be taxed on all income generated by the trust. In fact the 
IDGT would retain the grantors tax ID (SSN). The question is how is an IDGT treated 
for NYS sales tax purposes when there is a sale between the grantor and the IDGT. 
I have not found any specific authority with regard to treatment of an IDGT as a 
separate entity for sales tax purposes. However an Advisory Opinion for Cleveland 
Browns Transportation LLC (TSB-A-06(8)S) discusses among other issues as to 
whether the Petitioners charges to affiliates are subject to sales tax. The opinion 
concludes "However, if the activities of Petitioner were so dominated and controlled 
by the parent or affiliates or their activities were so commingled that they would be 
considered to be operating as alter egos of each other rather than separate legal 
entities, then the corporate structures would be disregarded and the conclusions 
reached in this opinion would not apply. See Harfred Operating Corporation etc." 
Harfred Operating Corporation (TSB-A-86 (28)S) discusses whether a subsidiary is 
a separate entity or merely an alter ego of the parent. In Harfred the advisory clearly 
states that for New York law "this area is hardly clear as a mountain lake in 
springtime". Nevertheless the advisory tries to determine the status based on 
various cases in various jurisdictions. 
I believe that based on these cases as outlined below, there is substantial authority 
to consider a transaction between a grantor and an IDGT as alter egos of each other 
and should not be subject to sales tax on the exchange of art for stock in a defective 
grantor trust: 
EFTA01137470
--- PAGE 2 ---
1) Brunswick Corp v. Waxman, 599 F2d 34,35- in order to invoke the alter ego 
doctrine the parent must dominate the finances, policy and business 
practices of the controlled corporation. (SEE b,c,d above) 
2) Fisser v International Bank, 282 F2d 231- common officers and directors, 
common offices and telephone numbers between entities are relevant but 
are not sufficient by themselves to show that one entity is the alter ego of the 
other. Consideration must also be given to factors such as degree of overlap 
of personnel, the amount of business discretion displayed, whether the 
entities operate independently, whether the parent owns all or most of the 
stock, and whether the parent causes the incorporation of the subsidiary. 
An IDGT is an entity controlled, set-up, and owned by the grantor. I believe 
that if the same personnel would work for the grantor and the IDGT and the 
operations would be from the same location, than there would be more 
support for the trust to be considered as an alter ego of the grantor. Drew 
please advise what additional procedures should be instituted so that the 
IDGT and grantor would be considered an alter ego of each other. 
3) Worldwide Carriers, Ltd v. Aris Steamship Co., 301 F Supp 64- Also 
significant is whether the corporations trade under their own names and 
whether they hold themselves out to the public as separate and distinct 
businesses. 
This may be problematic. However, I think that since the IDGT uses the same 
SS # and is taxed to the grantor it can be argued that it is the same as the 
grantor. (I don't know whether the fact that the IDGT is out of the grantors 
estate would cause an issue). Also, I am not sure whether or not an IDGT is 
considered held out to the public or whether there is any public thought or 
concern whether or not it is considered one entity. I believe this provision 
may therefore not be applicable to our situation. 
4) In Laws of Corporations and Other Business Enterprises 3d Ed.(1983) pp. 
354-356 states that while many of these cases relating to alter ego doctrine 
concern parent and subsidiary corporations, this same reasoning should be 
applicable to affiliated corporations. (This is used as authority in Harfred 
Operating Corporation). I believe that this reasoning may be extended to the 
situation of a grantor and an IDGT. 
Drew, though the area is gray, I believe that there is some authority to apply 
the alter ego doctrine to our situation and the above transaction should be 
exempt from NYS sales tax. 
PLEASE ADVISE 
EFTA01137471

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137472.pdf
----------------------------------------
rrom: riipooara
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Ten for Today (11/17/14): One kiss. 80 million cooties? 
Date: Mon, 17 Nov 2014 22:58:42 +0000 
Tap the '+' to save an article and read later. 
Ten for Today 
Interesting articles to check out now. 
One kiss 'shares 80 million bugs' 
EFTA01137472
--- PAGE 2 ---
min read • 1 day ago 
bbc.com / Smitha Mundasad A single 10-second kiss can transfer as 
many as 8o million bacteria, according to Dutch scientists.They 
monitored the kissing behaviour of 21 couples and found those who 
kissed nine times a day were most likely to share salivary b... read more 
What Happened the Last Time 
Republicans Had a Majority This Huge? 
EFTA01137473
--- PAGE 3 ---
min read • 6 hours ago 
+ 
politico.com / JOSH ZEITZ November 15, 2m4Since last week, many 
Republicans have been feeling singularly nostalgic for November 1928, 
and with good reason. It's the last time that the party won such 
commanding majorities in the House of Representatives wh... read more 
Vibrating Watches, Tiny Chargers, 
Inverted Umbrellas: The Best Personal 
Accessories Of 2014 
EFTA01137474
--- PAGE 4 ---
min read • 7 hours ago 
+ 
fastcodesign.com / CAREY DUNNE Your holiday gift guide starts here 
with goodies ranging from tiny laptop chargers to cozy blankets by a 
former Apple designer. Personal accessories like watches, cameras, and 
jewelry can seem like unoriginal gifts to give over the... read more 
Blessed or Cursed? Child Prodigies 
Reveal All 
EFTA01137475
--- PAGE 5 ---
min read • 11 hours ago 
thedailybeast.com / Justin Jones Too GoodAre child prodigies 
genuinely gifted? And, if they are, do they become even more gifted as 
time goes on? We track the fortunes of a clutch of child prodigies.A quick 
search for "child prodigy" will give you a flood of resu... read more 
Family Film Offers Glimpse Of 'Three 
Minutes In Poland' Before Holocaust 
EFTA01137476
--- PAGE 6 ---
min read • 1 day ago 
+ 
npr.org / NPR Staff Family Film Offers Glimpse Of 'Three Minutes In 
Poland' Before Holocaust NPRIn 2009, Glenn Kurtz stumbled across 
some old family films in a closet in his parents' house in Florida. One of 
the films, shot more than 70 years earlier... read more 
The world's smallest sculptures - in 
pictures 
EFTA01137477
--- PAGE 7 ---
2. 
min read • 22 hours ago 
+ 
theguardian.com / Jonty Hurwitz, co-founder of Wonga.com, has 
created nanosculptures of human forms that are invisible to the naked 
eye and can only be viewed on the screen of a powerful scanning electron 
microscope read more 
What 200 Calories of Every Food Looks 
Like 
EFTA01137478
--- PAGE 8 ---
min read • 1 day ago 
+ 
theatlantic.com I Olga Khazan The Calorific app makes you weep salty 
truth tears.Because I cover health, sometimes people ask me if I'm 
especially healthy. The answer is no, of course. I'm just better at deluding 
myself than most people are.For example, I know... read more 
Haiti's fight for gay rights 
EFTA01137479
--- PAGE 9 ---
min read • 9 days ago 
aljazeera.com I As LGBT community becomes more visible, anti-gay 
violence rises, tooAs LGBT community becomes more visible, anti-gay 
violence rises, tooThe drag show at an anti-homophobia day celebration 
organized by the SEROvie, an LGBT health o... read more 
Homemade Marinara Sauce Is Easy to 
Make—If You Avoid These Common 
Mistakes 
EFTA01137480
--- PAGE 10 ---
Gr 
min read • 1 day ago 
bonappetit.com / Written by Rochelle Bilow Is there any dinner that's 
easier to make and more satisfying than pasta and marinara sauce 
covered in a flurry of shredded Parmesan? We think not. But before you 
reach for a jar of store-bought, sugar-spiked tomato sauce, conside... 
read more 
"If Anyone Finds A Big Chunk Of Metal 
With Radiation Symbols All Over It, They 
Should Notify Us Immediately." 
EFTA01137481
--- PAGE 11 ---
Gr 
min read • 3 days aye. 
buzzfeed .com / Mary Cuddehe Last December, a truck containing 
lethal radioactive cobalt-6o was stolen outside Mexico City, briefly 
causing an international panic. Then, almost immediately, the story 
quietly disappeared — but the questions surrounding it didn... read more 
FlipTip of the Day 
Go to the tile tab to browse specific sources 
you're following. For more about the latest 
edition of Flipboard, let Mike show  you. 
EFTA01137482
--- PAGE 12 ---
Mag Editor I Bookmarklet I MagMaker Blog 
F 
SA a 
T 
raw 
E,7IG 
o 
You have received this email because you signed up for an account on Flipboard with the email 
address: jeevacation@gmail.com. We respect your privacy and hope that you enjoy these messages. If 
you would no longer like to receive these emails. you can safely and easily unsubscribe below. 
Unsubscribe 
I 
Privacy Policy 
.O2014 Flipboard, Inc. Made with love at 214 Homer Ave. Palo Alto. CA 94301 
EFTA01137483

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137484.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137484.pdf
----------------------------------------
CYBORG FOUNDATION I Rafel 
Duran Torrent 
from Focus Forward Films 
CYBORG FOUNDATION is the Grand Jury Prize Winner in the $200,000 GE/FOCUS 
FORWARD Filmmaker Competition. Watch the winner: 
http://vimeo.com/51920182 
Neil Harbisson was born with achromatopsia, a rare condition that causes complete 
colour blindness. In 2004, Harbisson and Adam Montandon developed the eyeborg, a 
device that translates colours into sounds. 
Harbisson has been claimed to be the first recognized cyborg in the world, as his 
passport photo now includes his device. In 2010, Neil Harbisson and Moon Ribas 
created the Cyborg Foundation, an international organization to help humans become 
cyborgs. The foundation has also experimented with other sensory devices, including 
an "earborg," which translates sound into color, and a "speedborg," which allows people 
to detect movement through electronic earrings that vibrate. 
Directed & Produced & Edited by: Rafel Duran Torrent 
Image & Sound: Filma-T Produccions (Anna Moradell & Joan Figueras) 
Video Effects: Rafel Duran Torrent, Harald Donner 
Music: Neil Harbisson 
Lighting: X So (Xavi Fuste & Miguel Gasol) 
Cyborg Foundation: Neil Harbisson & Moon Ribas 
Sound Postproduction: Jens Erdmann 
Footage provided by: El Xip Multicolor 
Pictures used with permission of Campus Party Mexico and Christopher Jones 
Special thanks to: Roger Soldevila. Palau de la Mtisica Catelana, Mercat de la Boqueria, Arts Santa 
Monica, Come&See Catalan Performing Arts Market, Supermercats Caprabo, Gabrielle Wessling 
EFTA01137484

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137485.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137485.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137485

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137486.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137486.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: "Nowak, Martin"
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 04 Feb 2013 11:11:18 +0000 
Attachments: deception.pdf 
more like this 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137486

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137487.pdf
----------------------------------------
A Theory of Deception* 
David Ettingertand Philippe Jehielt 
5th January 2009 
Abstract 
This paper proposes an equilibrium approach to belief manipulation and deception 
in which agents only have coarse knowledge of their opponent's strategy. Equilibrium 
requires the coarse knowledge available to agents to be correct, and the inferences and 
optimizations to be made on the basis of the simplest theories compatible with the 
available knowledge. The approach can be viewed as formalizing into a game theoretic 
setting a well documented bias in social psychology, the Fundamental Attribution Er-
ror. It is applied to a bargaining problem, thereby revealing a deceptive tactic that is 
hard to explain in the full rationality paradigm. 
Deception and belief manipulation are key aspects of many strategic interactions, includ-
ing bargaining, poker games, military operations, politics and investment banking. Anec-
dotal evidences of belief manipulation and deception are very numerous, and Michael Lewis's 
(1990) best-seller "Liar's Poker" reports colorful illustrations of such strategic behaviors in 
the world of investment banking in the late 1980s. For example, Lewis explains how "he 
spent most of his working life inventing logical lies" that worked amazingly well (thanks 
to the logical appearance, see Lewis (1990) page 186). From the viewpoint of game theory, 
"We would like to thank the editor and the referee for useful comments. We also thank K. Binmore, D. 
Fudenberg, D. Laibson, A. Newman, A. Rubinstein, the participants at ESSET 2004, Games 2004, ECCE 1, 
THEMA, Berkeley, Caked', Institute for Advanced Study Jerusalem, the Harvard Behavioral/experimental 
seminar, Bonn University, the Game Theory Festival at Stony Brook 2005, and the conference in honor 
of Ken Binmore UCL 2005, for helpful comments. We are grateful to E. Kamenica for pointing out the 
literature on the Fundamental Attribution Error. 
tUniversite de Cergy-Pontoise, THEMA, F-95000 Cergy-Pontoise, France 
tPSE and UCL; jehieltkenpc.fr 
EFTA01137487
--- PAGE 2 ---
belief manipulation and deception are delicate to capture because traditional equilibrium ap-
proaches assume that players fully understand the strategy of their opponents.' We depart 
from this tradition by assuming that players may have a partial rather than total under-
standing of the strategy of their opponents. This in turn allows us to propose an equilibrium 
approach to deception, where deception is defined to be the process by which actions are 
chosen to manipulate beliefs so as to take advantage of the erroneous inferences? 
To illustrate the phenomenon of deception, we will consider and formalize the following 
bargaining situation. The owner of a house, Mrs A, wishes to sell her good at some price 
considered to be high (say above the market price as perceived by real estate agents). A 
potential buyer, Mr B, comes in. Mr B will accept paying the high price if he is afraid enough 
that another buyer may be interested in the house. Otherwise, he will prefer to continue 
bargaining in the hope of getting a lower price. The owner, Mrs A, after mentioning some 
slight problems with the heating system (thereby conceding a small discount in the price) 
tells Mr B that there is another potential buyer, and so she is not willing to discount the 
price any further. Mr B has no way to verify Mrs A's claims (in a reasonable amount of 
time). Should Mr B trust Mrs A when she says that there is another buyer, or is she bluffing? 
In the theory to be developed below, mentioning that there are heating deficiencies will 
make it more likely in Mr B's eyes that Mrs A is an honest seller always telling the truth. 
As a result, Mr B will be convinced enough that there is indeed another buyer when Mrs A 
says so, and he will accept paying the high price (minus the small discount conceded for the 
reported heating deficiencies). By mentioning that there are deficiencies, Mrs A manipulates 
Mr B's belief about her true nature (whether she is an honest seller or an opportunist), and 
she exploits Mr B's inference error when she says that there is another buyer. 
Such a deceptive tactic works in our theory in so far that mentioning small deficiencies is 
more representative of honest sellers than of opportunist sellers over all transaction situations 
(with high or low prices, say), and in forming his judgement about Mrs A's type, Mr B 
somehow only considers the general attitudes of the various types of sellers and does not 
distinguish how the various types of sellers behave in those various transaction situations 
'As regards Lewis deceptive tactic, it is not at all clear from a game theoretic perspective why the fact 
that the lie is logical (in a given instance) should increase the likelihood that it is believed. If tiers always 
use logical lies, then logic should even heighten the listener's suspicion. 
'From the perspective of this paper, logic may be viewed as more typical of true statements (over all 
possible statements), thereby making the use of logical lies more effective. 
EFTA01137488
--- PAGE 3 ---
with high or low price. 
We will present a detailed formalization of the above deceptive bargaining tactic in Sec-
tion II, pointing out that it would not work if Mr B were fully rational.3 Before developing 
that application, we present in Section I a general framework that allows us to model quite 
generally such inference errors as the one made by Mr B in a game theoretic equilibrium 
approach. 
Specifically, the class of games considered in this paper are two-player multi-stage games 
with incomplete information and observable actions in which players may be of several types, 
past actions are assumed to be observable by everyone, and types may affect the preference 
relations of players. A key non-standard ingredient is that players are also parameterized by 
how finely they understand their opponent' s strategy. In addition to their preference and 
informational characteristics, players are endowed with cognitive types. 
Following Jehiel (2005), cognitive types are modelled by assuming that players partition 
the decision nodes of their opponents into various sets referred to as analogy classes, and that 
players understand only the aggregate behavior of their opponent over the various decision 
nodes forming their analogy classes. Cognitive types are further differentiated according to 
whether or not the player distinguishes the behaviors of the various types of his opponent. 
Thus, cognitive types may vary in two dimensions: a player may be more or less fine in 
the partition of the decision nodes of his opponent (what we call the analogy part), and a 
player may or may not distinguish the behaviors of the various types of his opponent (the 
sophistication part). In the above bargaining story, Mr B bundles the announcement nodes 
of sellers into one analogy class, whether the price is high or low, and he distinguishes the 
behaviors of honest and opportunist sellers. Thus, Mr B uses a coarse analogy partition, but 
he is sophisticated in the terminology just defined. 
Given a strategic environment that includes the specification of players' cognitive types, 
we define an equilibrium concept that we refer to as the analogy-based sequential equilib-
rium. In equilibrium, players have correct expectations about the aggregate behavior of their 
opponents in their various analogy classes - these are referred to as analogy-based expecta-
tions. Whenever they move, players play best-responses to their analogy-based expectations 
3Indeed, if Mr B were fully rational, he should understand that opportunist sellers more systematically 
concede that there are small deficiencies when the price is high, and thus Mr B should be even more cautious 
about the true presence of another buyer when told that there are heating problems. 
EFTA01137489
--- PAGE 4 ---
and to their belief about the type of their opponent. As the game proceeds, players update 
their beliefs about the type of their opponent according to Bayes' rule as derived from their 
analogy-based expectations.' 
In Section I we show that in finite environments (£mite numbers of types, actions, and 
nodes), an analogy-based sequential equilibrium always exists. We also suggest how to inter-
pret the solution concept from a learning perspective. Finally, we illustrate the working of 
the concept in a simple two-person two-period zero-sum game in which the payoff structure 
is commonly known to players but players may have cognitive types other than the fully 
rational one. The example serves to illustrate 1) why a player with non-fully rational cog-
nitive ability cannot be viewed as a rational player who does not distinguish between some 
situations (a player with coarser information), 2) how, in a mixed population of rational 
and coarse players, a rational player always performs better, and 3) why, in our framework 
with incorrect inferences, there may be room for reputation building even in zero-sum games 
where there is no value to commitment.5
The framework of Section I is then used in Section II to formalize the above deceptive 
bargaining tactic. Section III concludes. We shall start, however, by situating our work in 
the perspective of various literatures. 
Related literature 
There have been many attempts to relax the rationality assumptions imposed on economic 
agents. These include relaxing the ability of agents to optimize their strategy given their 
beliefs (as in the Quantal Response Equilibrium, Richard McKelvey and Thomas Palfrey, 
1995) or relaxing the ability of agents to form correct expectations. By maintaining the 
ability of agents to optimize their strategies given their beliefs, our paper contributes to the 
second form of departure from rationality, which we refer to as cognitive limitations. 
'More precisely, we assume that players adopt the simplest representation of their opponent's strategy 
that is consistent with their knowledge (the analogy-based expectation). That is, the opponent's behavior in 
the various nodes bundled into one analogy class is assumed to be the same and in equilibrium it coincides 
with the aggregate distribution of the opponent's behavior over the set of nodes forming the analogy class. 
The evolution of the belief system is then similar to that in sequential equilibrium (David Kreps and Robert 
Wilson (1982a)) except that it is based on the conjecture about the opponent's strategy as just defined 
(rather than on the opponent's true strategy). 
5The traditional approach to reputation pioneered by Thomas Schelling (1960) associates the idea of 
successful reputation building with the successful ability to commit to a particular behavior (which is of no 
use in a zero-sum game, due to the minmax theorem). 
EFTA01137490
--- PAGE 5 ---
Several routes have been pursued to model cognitive limitations either introducing explicit 
biases in the inference process (see Daniel Khaneman et al., 1982 for an exposition of such 
biases as the gambler's fallacy, the base rate neglect, the conjunction fallacy etc...) or 
deriving the expectations from limited introspective reasoning (as in the level k approach, 
Dale Stahl, 1993) or deriving the expectations and inference process from the erroneous or 
coarse perception held by agents about their environment (approaches based on subjective 
prior or the self-confirming equilibrium and this paper, respectively). Our paper contributes 
to the last of these routes by further postulating that the coarse perception held by boundedly 
rational agents is the simplest representation -or model of others- that is consistent with their 
coarse statistical knowledge. 
Such a line of research that views bounded rationality equilibrium concepts as a result of 
partial learning is the common theme of the limited foresight equilibrium (Jehiel, 1995), the 
analogy-based expectation equilibrium (Jehiel, 2005) and the valuation equilibrium (Jehiel 
and Samet, 2007).6 Jehiel (2005) developed the analogy-based equilibrium concept to capture 
bounds on rationality that accommodate coarse perception but fully rational information 
processing, and extended to static games of incomplete information in Jehiel and Frederic 
Koessler (2008). Our aim in this paper is to extend this basic structure to extensive games 
with incomplete information, which is necessary to analyze the evolution of beliefs over 
time. The extension of these concepts to dynamic games allows us to examine the bask 
ideas of belief manipulation and deception. Connected to the analogy-based expectation 
equilibrium, Erik Eyster and Matthew Rabin (2005) have proposed a concept for static 
games of incomplete information, called cursed equilibrium, in which players do not fully 
take into account how other people's actions depend on their information.' In problems 
with interdependent preferences, the cursed equilibrium of Eyster and Rabin gives rise to 
erroneous equilibrium beliefs (as the analogy-based expectation equilibrium does) about the 
relation between the strategy and the signal of the opponent. Yet, by the very static nature 
6Other approaches based on the idea that to facilitate learning agents do not consider the set of all possible 
strategies but only a subset are also available, see in particular Olivier Compte and Andrew Postlewaite 
(2008). 
' The cursed equilibrium was developed independently of the analogy-based expectation equilibrium. The 
fully cursed equilibrium can be viewed as a special case of the analogy-based expectation equilibrium in which 
players' analogy partitions coincide with their own information partitions. The partially cursed equilibrium 
can be viewed as an alternative approach to the idea of partial sophistication to that captured by the 
analogy-based expectation equilibrium (see Jehiel and Koessler (2008) for further discussion). 
EFTA01137491
--- PAGE 6 ---
of the games considered by Eyster and Rabin, no belief manipulation can be captured by 
their approach, which constitutes a key difference from the present framework. 
Even though the starting point of our approach is about modeling the consequences of 
the coarse perception of agents with cognitive limitations as just explained, it turns out 
that our paper can also be viewed as formalizing a well studied bias in social psychology, 
e.g., the Fundamental Attribution Error (FAE) (see Edward Jones and Keith Davis (1965), 
Lee Ross (1977), Ross, Teresa Amabile and Julia Steinmetz (1977)). Roughly speaking, the 
FAE is "the tendency in forming one own's judgement about others to underestimate the 
importance of the specific situation in which the observed behavior is occurring" (Maureen 
O' Sullivan (2003)).8 In the above bargaining story, Mr B is subject to the FAE. In forming 
his judgement about whether he is facing an honest seller after Mrs A has reported minor 
heating deficiencies, Mr B "ignores" that sellers' attitudes are not the same whether the 
price is high or low. Our model provides an explicit way to formalize such a neglect by Mr 
B. 
There have been several earlier game theoretic attempts to capture the phenomenon of 
deception. These include the ideas of playing mixed strategy (to avoid being detected) in 
zero-sum interactions (John von Neuman and Oskar Morgenstern (1944)) and of playing 
a pooling or semi-pooling equilibrium (thereby not revealing one's own type) in signaling 
games (Michael Spence (1973)) or communication games (Joel Sobel (1985) and Vincent 
Crawford (2003)) or repeated games (Kreps and Wilson (1982b), Kreps et al. (1982), Drew 
Fudenberg and David Levine (1989)). Our approach to deception differs from these earlier 
approaches in that it is based on the idea of belief manipulation (by which we mean that 
some players end up having erroneous beliefs based on their observation), which cannot arise 
in the standard rationality paradigm considered in these earlier approaches. In our theory, 
deception can be viewed as the exploitation by rational players of the FAE made by other 
8Ross et al. (1977) report a striking example in support of the FAE. In a pool of Stanford students from 
various fields, subjects were divided between questioners and answerers. The "questioners" were requested 
to ask the answerers difficult questions. Every questioner was matched to a single answerer who was almost 
always from a different field. After the quizz (answerers and questioners then knew how many correct 
answers were given in their match), it was observed that answerers consistently thought they were worse 
than questioners, thereby ignoring the fact that the pool of questions on which they performed relatively 
poorly was not generated at random but drawn from the esoteric knowledge of the questioner. Note that 
answerers were explicitly told before the quizz that questioners could freely choose the questions they liked 
best. 
EFTA01137492
--- PAGE 7 ---
players, where FAE allows for belief manipulation. 
Finally, it should be mentioned that our setup can be used to formalize a model of persua-
sion in the vein of the one developed independently of this paper by Sendhil Mullainathan et 
al. (2008), in which a persuader fords it advantageous to send (costly) messages even when 
they are not informative.9
I. A General Framework 
A. The class of games and the cognitive environment 
We consider multi-stage two-player games with observed actions and incomplete inform-
ation. Extension to more than two players raises no conceptual difficulties. Each player 
i = 1,2 can be one of finitely many types ai E e1. Player i knows his own type Of, but 
not that of player j, j 
i. We assume that the distribution of types is independent across 
players, and we let pa; > 0 denote the prior probability that player i is of type 
These 
prior probabilities pi = (poi)°, are assumed to be known to the players. Players observe past 
actions and earlier moves by nature except for the choice of their opponent's type. Moreover, 
there is a finite number of stages, and, at every stage and for every player including nature, 
the set of pure actions is finite. 
Player i plays at the same set Hi of histories, whatever his type 01.10 Moreover, the 
action space of player i at history h E H1 is common to all types Oh and is denoted by Ai(h). 
The set of all histories is denoted by H and the set of terminal histories is denoted by 
Z. The set of players who must move at history h is denoted by 1(h), and ha is the history 
starting with h and followed by a where a E 
X Ai(h) is the action profile played by the 
io(h) 
players who must move at h. 
Each player i is endowed with a VNM utility function defined on lotteries over terminal 
histories h E Z. Player i's VNM utility is denoted by ti; and it may depend on the types of 
9In their model, such an application requires nature in state s = 1 (or 2) to be identified with the strategic 
persuader in state s = 0. It also requires to assume that the listener pools the message moves in state s = 1 
(or 2) and s = 0 into one analogy class (while distinguishing the persuader's behavior according to her private 
information). The analogy-based sequential equilibrium thus obtained corresponds to the more "Bayesian" 
approach they present in appendix II, thereby providing a learning justification to that approach rather than 
to the simpler one pursued in the body of their paper. 
10A history refers to the earlier moves made by the players and possibly the earlier moves made by 
nature except for the choice of players' types which is not included in the history. Given our observability 
assumptions, histories are commonly known to the players. 
EFTA01137493
--- PAGE 8 ---
players i and j together with the terminal history. That is, ui(h; 9,, 04 is player i's payoff if 
the terminal history h E Z is reached, and players i and j are of type Oi and Oi, respectively. 
Each player i is assumed to know his own payoff structure (but not a priori that of his 
opponent). 
The non-standard aspect of our strategic environment F lies in the definition of the types 
0i. Types 0; are made of two components Oi = (t,, c1) where ti is the preference type of player 
i that acts on players' preferences - this is the standard component in the type - and ci is 
the cognitive type of player i, defining how finely player i understands the strategy of player 
j - this is the non-standard component in the type. 
As common sense suggests, the cognitive type of players do not affect players' preferences 
over the various terminal nodes. That is, for every terminal history h E Z, we have that 
iii(h; 14,04 = ni(h;010 01j) whenever 0, and 0 have the same preference type ti, and Oi and 
O.; have the same preference type ti. 
Cognitive types ci are defined as follows. Each player i forms an expectation about the 
behavior of player j by pooling together several histories h E Hi at which player j must 
move, and Parh such pool is referred to as a class of analogy. Players are also differentiated 
according to whether or not they distinguish between the behaviors of the various types of 
their opponent. 
Formally, a cognitive type ci of player i is characterized by (Ana, di), where An; stands 
for player i's analogy partition and Si is a dummy variable that specifies whether or not type 
Of distinguishes between the behaviors of the various types Oi of player j. We let Si = 1 
when type Oi distinguishes between types 0i's behaviors and Si = 0 otherwise. As in Jehiel 
(2005), Am is defined as a partition of the set Hi of histories at which player j must move 
into subsets or analogy classes a;." When h and h.' are in the same analogy class cr1, it 
is required that Ai(h) = Ai(h1). That is, at two histories h and h' which player i pools 
together, the action space of player j should be the same, and A(cri) denotes the common 
action space in ai. 
H A partition of a set X is a collection of subsets xk C X such that U xk = X and xk fl xk. = 0 for k # k'. 
k
EFTA01137494
--- PAGE 9 ---
B. Analogy-based sequential equilibrium. 
Analogy-based expectations: 
An analogy-based expectation for player i of type 0; is denoted by floe It specifies, for 
every analogy class a; of player i of type Of, a probability measure over the action space 
A(a;) of player j. Types Oi of player j are distinguished or not by player i according to 
whether di = 1 or 0. If di = 1, Po, is a function of 0i and cri, and /30,(0i, a;) is player i's 
expectation about the average behavior of player j with type Oi in class af. If di = 0, player 
i merges the behaviors of all types Oi of player j, and floi is a sole function of oti: fisoi(a5) 
is then player i's expectation about the average behavior of player j in class a; (where the 
average is taken over all possible types).12 We let tli = (60,)0,Ee, denote the analogy-based 
expectation of player i for the various possible types 0s E e5. 
Strategy: 
A behavioral strategy of player i is denoted by si. It is a mapping that assigns to every 
history h E 115 at which player i must move a distribution over player i's action space 
A;(h).13 We let an; denote the behavioral strategy of type Of, and for every h E 115 we let 
aoi(h) E AA;(h) denote the distribution over A;(h) according to which player i of type 0;
selects actions in A;(h) when at h. We let ao,(h)la;] be the corresponding probability that 
type 0; plays a; E A;(h) when at h, and we let a; = (a01)91 denote the strategy of player i 
for the various possible types 0;; a will denote the strategy profile of the two players. 
Belief system: 
When player i distinguishes the types of player j, i.e. di = 1, he holds a belief about 
the type of his opponent and this belief may typically change as time proceeds (and new 
observations become available). Formally, we let µo; denote the belief system of player i 
of type th, where µo;(h)]Bj] is the probability that player i of type th assigns to the event 
"player j is of type 9/' conditional on the history h being realized. 
When player i does not distinguish the types of player j, no belief system is required. To 
'2 We could more generally allow players to distinguish partially the types. This would lead to a partitional 
approach defining which of the types are being confused. The resulting presentation would however be more 
cumbersome without bringing additional insights. 
"Nlbced strategies and behavioral strategies are equivalent, since we consider games of perfect recall. 
EFTA01137495
--- PAGE 10 ---
save on notation, we assume that in this case player i 's belief coincides with the prior pi
throughout the game. We call pi the belief system of player i for the various possible types 
0i, and we let p be the profile of belief systems for the two players i = 1, 2. 
Sequential rationality: 
From his analogy-based expectation /30,, player i of type Oi derives the following repres-
entation of player j's strategy: Player i perceives player j to play at every history h E cri
according to the average behavior in class ai." The induced strategy depends on the type 
tki of player j whenever 8; = 1 but not when di = 0. At every history h E Hi where he must 
play, player i is assumed to play a best-response to this perceived strategy of player j as 
weighted by his belief poi (h). 
Formally, we define the glorperceived strategy of player j, crj ', as 
If di = 1 ape' (h) = /304(81, a;) 
for every h E a; and 0j E ei
If si = 0 4 ,(h). moyi) for every h E ai and Oj E ej 
Given the strategy si of player i and given history h, we let si lb denote the continuation 
strategy of player i induced by si from history h onwards. We also let u"( s; Ih, sj Ih; 01, 04 
denote the expected payoff obtained by player i when history h has been realized, the types 
of players i and j are given by Oi and Bj respectively, and players i and j behave according 
to si and sj respectively. 
Definition 1 (Criterion) Player i's strategy a; is a sequential best-response to ($, pi) if and 
only if for all 0i E ei, for all strategies si and all histories h E 
E pod(h)ioduii(ao, ih,oti h; 0i3O j) > po,(h)Hui;(si h, O1 t Ih; 0i, 0j). 
OjEei 
jEe; 
Consistency: 
In equilibrium, two notions of consistency are required. First, analogy-based expectations 
''This is the simplest representation compatible with type Oi's knowledge. 
EFTA01137496
--- PAGE 11 ---
are required to be consistent with the strategy profile. That is, they must coincide with 
the real average behaviors in every considered class and for every possible type (if types are 
differentiated), where the weight given to each element of an analogy class must itself be 
consistent with the real probability of visiting this element. A learning interpretation of this 
consistency requirement will be suggested. Second, the belief system held by players must 
be consistent with their expectations, as in Sequential Equilibrium. 
Formally, letting Pe(01,0i,h) denote the probability that history h is reached when play-
ers i and j are of types Of and O respectively, and players play according to a, the consistency 
of the analogy-based expectations is defined as: 
Definition 2 Player i's analogy-based expectation $ is consistent with the strategy profile 
a if and only if: 
• For any (Ob el) E 8 such that Si = 1, and for all a; E 
ai) 
E (6, ,h)Eed 
pe: 
(0:, 0i, h) • ael(h) 
zans)Ee,x,r,PVir( 0:, 0.1,h) 
whenever there exist 0 and h E a; such that Pff(0:,0j,h)> 0. 
• For any Of e such that (Si = 0, and for all oti E Ani, 
Eyy 
h)Eexa,P0:1291,Pe Wi> ei,h) coi(h) 
.60,(at) 
" 
E02,9;,h)Eexa: PosiPeri 
(°:' 0' h) 
whenever there exist 
ei and h E a; such that Pa (14,0.1,h) > 0. 
The consistency of the belief system is defined as: 
Definition 3 Player i's belief system µ; is consistent with the analogy-based expectation f3;
if and only if for any (06 0i) E e such that Si = 1 
he, (00)(0) = Poi • 
EFTA01137497
--- PAGE 12 ---
And for all histories h, ha 
pg,(ha)[05] 
ao,(05)(ha) 
= 11,9,(h)[Os] whenever h 
115
140,(h)Pliast (h) [a3] 
Ea;Eef 120,(h)rjust (h) [a5] 
whenever h E H5, there exists 0'5 s.t. a ot (h)[ail > 0 and player j plays a5 at h. 
While the consistency of the analogy-based expectations (definition 2) should be thought 
of as the limiting outcome of a learning process, the consistency of the belief system p, 
(definition 3) should be thought of as an expression of player i 's inference process. Based 
on his representation of the strategy of the various types of his opponent, player i makes 
inferences using Bayes' law as to the likelihood of the various possible types he is facing. 
The learning process we have in mind to justify the correctness of the analogy-based 
expectations involves populations of players i and j in which there is a constant share po, 
of players of type O. In each round, players i and j are randomly matched. At the end of 
a round, the behaviors of the matched players and their types are revealed. These players 
exit the population, and they are replaced by new players with the same type.15 All pieces 
of information are gathered in a general data set, and players have different access to this 
data set depending on their types.16 At each round of the learning process, players choose 
their strategy as a best-response to the feedback they received (and the system of belief 
that derives from it), which in turn generates new data for the next round. If the pattern of 
behaviors adopted by the players stabilizes to some strategy profile a, every player's analogy-
based expectations should eventually converge to the ones that are consistent with a given 
his cognitive type,14 which motivates the solution concept defined below. 
15The replacement scenario is reminiscent of the recurring game framework studied by Matthew Jackson 
and Ehud Kalai (1997), who assume that each individual player only plays once. This is to be contrasted 
with a recent paper by Ignacio Esponda (2008), who, in static games of incomplete information, elaborates 
on Eyster-Rabin's fully cursed equilibrium by assuming that players i have access both to the empirical 
distribution of actions of players j (but not to how these actions are related to j's private information) and 
to i's own distribution of payoffs. 
' 6A player i with cognitive type c..; = (Ani,80 such that 4; = 0 has access to the average empirical 
distribution of behavior in every analogy class a ; E An; where the average is taken over all histories h E a ;
and over the entire population of players j. A player with cognitive type c1 = (AN, 4;) such that 4; = 1 has 
access to the average empirical distribution of behavior in every a ; E An; for each subpopulation of types 
0.; of players j. 
'Observe that the average in the expression of /30,(11 ,rxi) is taken over all possible realizations of player 
EFTA01137498
--- PAGE 13 ---
Equilibrium: 
In equilibrium, both the analogy-based expectations and the belief systems are consistent, 
and players play best-responses to their analogy-based expectations at every history. In 
line with the Sequential Equilibrium (Kreps and Wilson (1082a)), we require the analogy-
based expectations and belief systems to be consistent with respect to slight totally mixed 
perturbations of the strategy profile where a totally mixed strategy for player i is a strategy 
that assigns strictly positive probability to every action ai E Ai(h) at every history h E Hi. 
This in turn puts additional structure on the expectations and beliefs at histories that 
belong to analogy classes that are never reached in equilibrium.'s 
Definition 4 A strategy profile a is an Analogy-based Sequential Equilibrium if and only if 
there exist analogy-based expectations Pi, belief systems µ: for• i = 1,2, and sequences (ak)k, 
(fink , (µk)k converging to a, )3, 
respectively, such that each ak is a totally mixed strategy 
profile, and for• every i and k: 
I. a; is a sequential best-response to (p;,µ;) 
2. fit is consistent with ak and 
3. µ;Vi is consistent with Pt. 
Compared to the sequential equilibrium, the main novelty lies in the introduction of cog-
nitive types who may only know partial aspects of the strategy of their opponent. Compared 
to the analogy-based expectation equilibrium (Jehiel (2005)), the main novelty lies in the 
introduction of players' uncertainty about the type of their opponent and the possibility that 
a cognitive type may distinguish the behaviors of the various types of his opponent. It is 
the combination of these features that allows us to speak of deception as the exploitation 
of the FAE. More precisely, such a deception requires the presence of players who are both 
uncertain about their opponent's type (so that there is room for inference processes) and 
i's types 
hence the summation over 0: . That is, we are assuming that player i of type Oi is informed of 
Oj's behaviors whatever the type of player i they are matched with. The weight pe:Pa(CO,h) on (raj (h) 
simply reflects the relative frequency with which aoi(h) contributes to the aggregate behavior. 
"For those readers who dislike trembles, one can offer a weaker notion of equilibrium without trembles, 
similar in spirit to the self-confirming equilibrium (see Drew Fudenberg and David Levine (1998)). Note, 
however, that trembles have less bite in our setup than in the standard framework because for an analogy 
class to be reached with positive probability it is enough that one of the histories in the analogy class is 
reached with positive probability - a requirement that is weaker when the analogy class is larger. 
EFTA01137499
--- PAGE 14 ---
are partially knowledgeable of the strategy of their opponent, so that the inferences may be 
erroneous. 
C. Basic properties 
We note that in finite environments, an equilibrium always exists, no matter how cognitive 
types are specified and distributed. 
Proposition 1 In finite environments, there always exists at least one Analogy-based Se-
quential Equilibrium. 
Proof: The proof follows standard methods, first noting the existence of equilibria in 
which each player i is constrained to play any action ni E Mit) at any history h E H1 with 
a probability no less than e, and then showing that the limit as e tends to 0 of such strategy 
profiles is an Analogy-based Sequential Equilibrium. Q. E. D. 
We next observe that if every player i is rational (in the sense that for all types O = (ti, ci) 
of player i, the cognitive type ci = (Ani, 6i) is such that An; is the finest analogy partition 
U {h}, and player i distinguishes between player j's types, di = 1), then an analogy-based 
hoki
sequential equilibrium coincides with a sequential equilibrium of the game in which every 
type Oi = (ti, ci) of player i is identified with her preference type 
Thus, our framework 
can be viewed as providing a generalization of the sequential equilibrium that allows us to 
cope with situations in which the cognitive abilities of players need not be perfect. 
D. A simple illustration 
In this part, we construct an analogy-based sequential equilibrium in a simple two-person 
two-period zero-sum game. This example serves to illustrate the working of the concept in 
a simple scenario. Specifically, consider the two-period-repetition of the following zero-sum 
stage game G. In stage game G the Row player chooses an action U or D, the Column 
player chooses an action L or /7, and stage game payoffs are as represented in Figure 4. The 
overall payoff obtained by the players is the sum of the payoffs obtained in the two periods. 
That is, there is no discount between period 1 and period 2 payoffs. 
EFTA01137500
--- PAGE 15 ---
L 
R 
U 5, -5 3, -3 
D 
0, 0 
7, -7 
Figure 4. The stage game 
We assume that there are two types of Row players, the Rational type and the Coarse 
type, where both types are assumed to be equally likely. The Rational Row player has a 
perfect understanding of the strategy of the Column player, as in the standard case. The 
Coarse Row player only knows the average behavioral strategy of the Column player over 
the two time periods (i.e., he bundles period 1 and the possible histories in period 2 into one 
analogy class). 
There is one type for the Column player. The Column player is Sophisticated in the sense 
that he distinguishes between the behaviors of the Rational Row player and the Coarse Row 
player. But, he is assumed to be Coarse in the sense that for each type of the Row player 
he only knows the average behavior of this type over the two time periods, i.e. he bundles 
all histories into one analogy class. 
Proposition 2 The following strategy profile is an Analogy-based Expectation Sequential 
Equilibrium. 1) Rational Row Player: Play U in period 1. Play D in period 2 if U was 
played in period 1, and U otherwise. 2) Coarse Row Player: Play U both in periods 1 and 
2. 5) Column Player (Sophisticated Coarse): Play L in period 1. Play R in period 2 if the 
Row player played U in period 1. Play L in period 2 if the Row player played D in period 1. 
In equilibrium, (U, L) is played in period 1 and then (D, R) in period 2 whenever the 
Row player is rational, and (U, L) is played in period 1 and then (U, R) in period 2 whenever 
the Row player is coarse. The Column player gets an expected payoff of —10 that is less 
than her value —70/0. The Rational Row player gets an overall payoff of 5 + 7 = 12 and the 
Coarse Row player gets an overall payoff of 5 + 3 = 8. 
A key aspect of this equilibrium involves understanding the inference process of the 
Sophisticated Coarse Column player. The Coarse Row player always plays U, and the 
Rational Row player plays U and D with an equal frequency on average. These (average) 
behaviors of the two types of Row players define the analogy-based expectations of the 
EFTA01137501
--- PAGE 16 ---
Column player. Given these expectations, the Column player updates her belief about the 
type of the Row player as follows: when action D is being played in period 1, the Column 
player believes that she faces the Rational Row player for sure. When action U is being 
played in period 1, the Column player believes that she faces the Coarse Row player with 
probability 1/24- 
= 4 ?. . Accordingly, the Column player plays R in period 2 because 
1/2x 1 /2 
given her belief, this looks like the smartest decision, even though in reality it is not. Thus, 
by playing U in period 1, the Rational Row player builds a false reputation for being more 
likely to be a Coarse Row player, which he later exploits in period 2 by getting the high 
payoff of 7.19
We make several comments about the equilibrium shown in Proposition 2. 
First, the Column player gets an expected payoff that is less than her value, —70/9, even 
though, by the very property of the value, the Column player could very well guarantee 
-70/9 - no matter what the Row player does - by playing the maximin strategy (i.e., play 
L with probability 4/9 and R with probability 5/9 in both periods). The Column player 
chooses not to follow the maximin strategy because she thinks that she can do better, given 
her understanding of the strategy of Row players. Such a feature would, of course, not 
arise in a standard rationality framework in which the Column player should obtain, in 
equilibrium, at least what she can secure irrespective of other players' strategies. This helps 
to clarify the difference from Vincent Crawford (2003), who assumes in a zero-sum pre-play 
communication game that those agents whose behaviors are not exogenously specified are 
fully rational and are thus bound to get at least their value in equilibrium?' It also helps 
to explain why it is not possible to interpret the analogy-based sequential equilibrium as a 
sequential equilibrium that would obtain in the full rationality paradigm under alternative 
informational assumptions.' 
19The rest of the argument to establish Proposition 2 goes as follows. It is readily verified that the Rational 
Row player plays a best-response to the Column player's strategy. (He gets an overall payoff of 5 + 7 = 12 
and would only get an overall payoff of 0 + 11/2 at best if he were to play D in period 1, and he would 
obviously get a lower payoff by playing U in period 2.) The Coarse Row player finds it optimal to play U 
whenever he has to move, because he perceives the Column Player to play L and R with an equal frequency 
on average over the two time periods, and 1(5 + 3) > 1(0 + 7). 
Vincent Crawford (2003) captures the idea of lying for strategic advantage in a zero-sum pre-play com-
munication game that is populated by sufficiently many mechanical types. But in Crawford's model, the 
belief of rational players cannot be manipulated, as equilibrium requires that rational players are not mis-
taken about either the distribution of types or about their strategies. This is a key difference from our 
approach. 
2! Even if the Column player were assumed not to remember whether she is in stage 1 or 2, she could still 
EFTA01137502
--- PAGE 17 ---
Second, in the equilibrium of Proposition 2, the Rational Row player obtains a larger 
payoff than the Coarse Row player. This is no coincidence, as the Rational Row player 
always has the option to mimic other types' strategies and Rational players assess correctly 
the payoff attached to any strategy. 
Finally, it should be noted that it would be impossible to reproduce the behavioral 
strategies described in Proposition 2 if there were only one type for each player, who would 
be characterized solely by his analogy partition as in Jehiel (2005).22
IL Deception as a Bargaining Tactic 
A. The basic setup 
The owner of a house, Mrs A, wishes to sell her good. The initial price has already been 
publicly announced. It is either p or p where p > p and p may be thought of as being the 
"market price" of the house as perceived by real estate agents. 
A potential buyer, Mr B, comes in, and the following interaction between Mrs A and 
Mr B takes place. Mrs A tells Mr B whether or not some small repairs (say for heating 
deficiencies) are needed in the house." If minor deficiencies are announced, the price drops 
by an amount A. That is, the new price is p — A where p was the originally announced price 
(A should be thought of as being small relative to p - p). Then Mrs A tells Mr B whether or 
not there is another buyer who has expressed interest in the house. When the initial price 
was p = p and Mrs A says that another buyer has expressed interest, the price increases by 
a very small amount, say e. No such price increase occurs when the initial price is p =
Only Mrs A knows whether indeed there are small repairs needed and whether there is 
another potential buyer. After the announcements are made, Mr B has to decide whether 
or not to accept the offer (before he can verify the correctness of Mrs A's announcements). 
secure the value, given that the maxmin strategy does not require any recall (it is stationary). See Jehiel 
(2005) and Jehiel and Koessler (2008) for further examples illustrating why the analogy-based expectation 
equilibrium cannot be interpreted as a standard equilibrium of a different game with modified information 
structure. 
"For the Column player to play a different action in periods 1 and 2, she should either be indifferent 
between playing L or R (which cannot be the case here, since the Row player does not play U with probability 
7/9 on average) or treat separately the behavior of the Row in the two time periods, but then in period 1 
she could not find it optimal to play L given that the Row player always plays U. 
"It is assumed that Mr B cannot verify the nature of these repairs within a reasonable amount of time. 
We assume this only for plausibility. The analysis is unaffected if we assume that there is also a price 
increase when p = p (this is because c is assumed to be small in comparison with p - 6. 
EFTA01137503
--- PAGE 18 ---
If Mr B says yes, the transaction takes place at the agreed price (i.e., p if no deficiencies 
were announced and p — A if deficiencies were announced). We let I/( denote Mr B' s 
payoff when the original price wasp and deficiencies were announced (so that the final price 
is 25 — A). 
If Mr B says no, there are several cases. When the original price was the "market price" 
p, no transaction takes place between Mrs A and Mr B, as we assume that Mrs A expects to 
sell her house at a price close to p and Mr B expects to buy a similar house at a price close 
to p (both Mrs A and Mr B would be slightly better off making the transaction now even at 
prices p — A, p + e, respectively, due to extra delays imposed by the transaction not being 
made now). 
When the original price wasp and there is effectively another buyer, no transaction 
between Mrs A and Mr B takes place. Mrs A gets a payoff that is less than p, due to the 
risk that the other buyer does not confirm his interest, but significantly larger than p, and 
Mr B gets a payoff of vr t (corresponding to the outcome of a search for another house). 
When the original price wasp and there is no other buyer,25 bargaining between Mrs A 
and Mr B goes on. We do not model this extra piece of bargaining explicitly, but we assume 
that a transaction eventually takes place at a price significantly lower than p - A (say not 
too far from p).2° We denote by Vir the payoff obtained by Mr B in this case.' 
On top of the above specifications, we assume that there are two categories of sellers, those 
who always tell the truth (whom we call honest sellers) and those who do what serves their 
interest best (whom we call opportunists). Mrs A can belong to either of these categories, 
but there is no way for Mr B to know which, except by making inferences from how she 
behaves (here, what she says in the announcement stage). 
Finally, we describe the probabilities of the various events, which are assumed to be 
known to both Mrs A and Mr B. We assume that the probability of the seller being honest is 
p = Pr(Mrs A is honest) independently of the other random variables. We assume that the 
probability of a deficiency is Ad = Pr(deficiency) independently of the other random variables. 
For plausibility reasons, we allow the probabilities that the price is p and that there is 
25Presumably Mr B gets further signals (not tinder Mrs A' s control) about this. 
26This may be because Mr B values this specific house more than the average buyer and everyone is aware 
of this at this bargaining stage. 
'More precisely, lir will denote Mr B's payoff assuming a deficiency has been announced. 
EFTA01137504
--- PAGE 19 ---
another buyer to be (presumably negatively) correlated. We let Ab = Pr(other buyer) be the 
probability that there is another buyer, A* = Pr(p = 'other buyer) and A" = Pr(p = p 111O 
other buyer) be the probabilities that the initial price is p conditional on having another 
buyer or not having one, respectively. We also let A = AbA* + (1— Ab)A** = Pr(p = 13) denote 
the unconditional probability that the initial price is p. 
B. Cognitive environment 
In this bargaining problem, a key strategic aspect is the judgement Mr B makes as to the 
likelihood that there is another buyer as a function of the announcements made by Mrs A. 
When Mr B is told that there is another buyer, should Mr B trust Mrs A? And how is Mr B's 
judgement affected by the announcement (or the non-announcement) of minor deficiencies? 
We wish to analyze a situation in which Mr B somehow confuses the two price scenarios 
p = p, p when assessing the announcement strategies of sellers such as Mrs A (whereas 
he distinguishes the strategies of sellers in all other respects). We will also assume that 
opportunist sellers are fully rational, and we will show how Mrs A, when opportunist, deceives 
Mr B by mentioning minor deficiencies (whether or not there are any) so as to increase his 
belief that there is indeed another buyer when she says there is. From the viewpoint of 
social psychology, Mr B is victim of the fundamental attribution error, and when she is 
opportunist, Mrs A exploits this. This is the essence of the deceptive tactic that we wish to 
highlight here. We will also illustrate later on how deception would be unsuccessful if Mr B 
were assumed to be fully rational instead. 
To cast the above strategic environment into the framework of Section I, we let tA be 
the preference type of Mrs A, where tA = (-r,d,b), r = h, o indicates whether A is honest 
or opportunist, d = 1, 0 indicates whether there are (minor) deficiencies or not and b = 1, 0 
indicates whether there is another buyer or not. Mrs A is assumed to be fully rational. Thus, 
her cognitive type corresponds to the standard situation in which every decision node of Mr 
B constitutes a singleton analogy class (since there is only one type of Mr B - see below - no 
distinction of the various types of Mr B is relevant here). We will identify Mrs A's type 0A 
with her preference type tA. 
Mr B can only be of one type. While his preferences have already been described, his 
cognitive type is described as follows. Mr B puts the "deficiency announcement nodes" of 
EFTA01137505
--- PAGE 20 ---
Mrs A in the same analogy class, whether p = p or p. Similarly, he puts the "other buyer 
announcement nodes" of Mrs A in the same analogy class, whether p = p or r). In addition, 
he differentiates between the behaviors of the various types of sellers (i.e., dB = 1 in the 
language of Section I). 
Finally, before the interaction between Mrs A and Mr B starts, Nature chooses the type 
0,4 of Mrs A and then the initial price p = p, p according to the distribution described above. 
C. Analysis 
When Mrs A is honest, her strategy is imposed by the definition of her type. She always 
tells the truth. That is, she mentions the deficiency if there is one and she mentions the 
existence of another buyer if there is one, whether the price is p = p or p. Moreover, when 
the price is p = p and Mrs A is opportunist, she never mentions any deficiency (whether or 
not there is one), so as to save on the discount A, and she always says that there is another 
buyer (whether or not there is one), so as to get the extra a in the final price?" Transaction 
always takes place between Mrs A and Mr B when p = p. 
It only remains to determine the announcement strategy of Mrs A when she is opportunist 
and the price is p, and also the acceptance strategy of Mr B in this case. 
We will test when the following strategies constitute an analogy-based sequential equilib-
rium. When she is opportunist and the price is p = p, Mrs A always reports that there are 
deficiencies and that there is another buyer, no matter what the truth is. Mr B says "yes" 
to the offer after such announcements and "no" after any other announcement (i.e., when 
Mrs A says that there is no other buyer, or that there is another buyer and no deficiencies 
in the house). 
A key variable in the analysis is the belief that Mr B attaches to the existence of another 
buyer after Mrs A has made her announcements (and the initial price was p = p). Call 7 
such a belief. Given the above definitions of Vfs , Vr and VA", Mr B would accept the deal 
(after d = 1 and b = 1 were announced) if tyVflut + (1 — 7)Vir < VBt8, and he would reject 
it otherwise. Accordingly, we let 
VA° — VA" 
— V j3t t
"Mrs A knows that the transaction will be approved by Mr B in any event, even if the final price is E -F e 
(rather than p- A or E). 
EFTA01137506
--- PAGE 21 ---
denote the threshold belief such that Mr B would say "yes" if 7 > rf and "no" if 7 < 
Assuming Mrs A follows the above strategy and given Mr B's cognitive type, the con-
sistency of Mr B's analogy-based expectations implies that he should expect honest sellers 
to always report the truth, and opportunist sellers either to say that d = 1 and b = 1 with 
probability A = Pr(p = p) or to say that d = 0 and b = 1 with probability 1 — A, independ-
ently of p, d, b. From such a perception, the distribution of (p,d,b), and Bayes' law, one can 
now compute Mr B's posterior belief denoted µPoat(r = h) that Mrs A is honest when she 
says that d =1, b = 1 and p = p. 
tiAdAbA* 
FP"i(r 
h) 
µAdAoA' + (1 — µ)(A)2 
This follows from noting that Mr B's perceived probability that (r = h and p = r), Mrs 
A says d = 1, b = 1) is µAAA* and Mr B's perceived probability that (r = o and p = 
Mrs A says d = 1, b = 1) is (1 - µ)(a)2.29 
After observing that p = p and hearing that d = 1 and b = 1 from Mrs A, Mr B assesses 
the probability that there is another buyer based on his prior belief that Mrs A is honest 
and his perceived informativeness of A's messages whether r = h or o. Since Mr B knows 
that when Mrs A is honest she sends truthful messages, and since he correctly perceives that 
the message of opportunist sellers is not informative, we obtain that Mr B's posterior belief 
that b = 1 is: 
7P"' = µPoet + (1 — r
t)Pr(b = 1 I p = p) 
where Pr(b = 1 I p = p) = 
We will also define the corresponding probability when 
the probability that Mrs A is honest coincides with the priorµ instead of µPoet. That is, 
T
act =g+(1— p)Pr(b=lip= p). 
We have: 
Proposition 3 Assume that 7Pwit > ry > 7Pri°'. Then, the above strategy profile is an 
~9The latter probability requires that r = o (which has probability 1—Et), that p = p (which has probability 
X), and that the announcement "cl = 1, b = 1" is picked (which is perceived to have probability a) while 
these three events are all perceived to be independent. 
EFTA01137507
--- PAGE 22 ---
analogy-based sequential equilibrium. 
Proof: Given that 7P"' > -7 and the above derivations, after observing that p = p and 
hearing from Mrs A that d = 1, b = 1, Mr B optimally says "yes" to the offer because he 
infers that the chance that there is indeed another buyer ^rat is high enough (larger than ry). 
Clearly, if Mr B is told that there is no other buyer b = 0, he will infer that Mrs A is honest 
(because opportunist sellers never say that), and accordingly he will know for sure that there 
is no other buyer and will say "no" when the price is p = p. Finally, after observing that 
p = p and hearing from Mrs A that d = 0, b = 1, Mr B will believe according to his cognitive 
perception that Mrs A is honest with some probability /1.3° Because µPo1(r = 
> 
µ (as 
otherwise one could not have 71"4 > 
i
rke ) and µ(r = h I p = p, A says d = 0 or 1, 
b = 0) = 1, we can infer thatµ < µ (the evolution of it as perceived by Mr B should be a 
martingale). Given that 7P''`°" < -1 (and that the offer when no discount is proposed is worse, 
everything else being equal), we conclude that Mr B finds it optimal to reject the offer after 
observing p = p and hearing from Mrs A that d = 0, b = 1. This also ensures that when Mrs 
A is opportunist and p = p, she does not find it desirable to say that d = 0, b = 1 because 
she rightly anticipates that the offer would be rejected in such a case. Q. E. D. 
D. Discussion 
Observe that the condition 7 > 'Prior is independent of Pr(p = p) whereas 'y"° > 
is automatically satisfied when Pr(p = p) is sufficiently sma11.31 Thus, the conditions of 
Proposition 3 require that the prior probability µ that Mrs A is honest be not too large, so 
that y > 'f'°", and that the probability A that p = p be not too large, so that 'f 
> if. The 
effect of Pr(p = p) on the equilibrium analysis is, of course, due to the erroneous inference 
process of Mr B, caused by his bundling of the decision nodes of Mrs A into a single analogy 
30This je, is derived analogously to µP°" and can be expressed as 
— 
— Ad)AbAs + (1 — ;4(1 —1)2 
p(1 — Ad)AbAs
To illustrate this, consider the case in which the probability that p = p is independent of whether b = 0,1 
so that A' = 
= A. Then itP"i(r = h) simplifies into PAdAP- 
—
el-(1—P1A
At. ' 
'- which converges to 1 as A approaches 
0, thereby implying that ^Pm" approaches 1 > 7 when A 
0. 
EFTA01137508
--- PAGE 23 ---
class, whether p = ji or p. Increasing Pr(p = p) makes the deceptive tactic of Mrs A when 
p = p and T = 
o more effective, as reporting that there are deficiencies becomes more 
representative of the overall attitude of honest sellers than of opportunist sellers. Ironically, 
had we assumed that Mr B were fully rational instead, he should have inferred, when p = p 
and Mrs A reports deficiencies, that Mrs A is more likely to be an opportunist, since when 
p = p mentioning deficiencies is more typical of opportunists than of honest sellers. But 
Mr B is unaware of how the behaviors of sellers differ in situations p = p and p, thereby 
explaining his erroneous judgement. 
We note that in the equilibrium shown above, when p = p, and Mrs A honestly reports 
that d = 0 and b = 1, Mr B does not trust Mrs A and he rejects her offer. So we see here 
that when Mrs A is opportunist, her deceptive tactic imposes a cost on honest sellers, who 
are no longer trusted in some scenarios. 
It should also be mentioned that under the conditions of Proposition 3 , we could not 
sustain an equilibrium in which opportunist sellers always say that d = 0 and b = 1 irre-
spective of p = p and p. Indeed, if this were so, after hearing that d = 0 and b = 1, Mr B 
would believe that he is facing an honest seller with a probability smaller than the prior µ 
(since saying d = 0 and b = 1 would then be more typical of opportunists than of honest 
sellers: - remember that opportunists say d = 0 and b = 1 when p = p). Since 7ry > 
Mr B would then reject Mrs A's offer. By contrast, if Mrs A were to say that d = 1 and 
b = 1 when p = p, she would convince Mr B that she is an honest seller with probability 1 
and Mr B would then accept Mrs A's offer, thereby implying that the assumed strategy of 
Mrs A when p = p and T = o is not optimal. 
In a different vein, it is also worth noting that if Mr B had not distinguished the different 
categories of sellers (i.e., h = 0), then the deceptive tactic of the opportunist Mrs A would 
have been pointless, since Mr B would have kept believing that he is facing an honest seller 
with probability µ whatever Mrs A's announcements, and he would have rejected the deal 
when p = p (given that y > ?ill. Thus, we see that the deceptive tactic of Mrs A requires 
that Mr B be not too irrational, in the sense that Mr B's cognitive type should allow him 
to make some inferences from what he observes. 
Finally, it is instructive to contrast the insights obtained in our cognitive environment 
with those that would arise had we assumed that Mr B were fully rational. An important 
EFTA01137509
--- PAGE 24 ---
observation is that when Mr B is rational it can never be optimal for Mrs A, when she is 
opportunist, to say that d = 1 with probability 1 when p = p. Indeed, if she did so, then Mr 
B - assumed to be rational - would infer that Mrs A is an honest seller with a probability 
smaller than the prior µ, and it is not hard to see that this cannot be beneficial to Mrs A 
(given the extra cost due to the discount imposed by the announcement of d = 1).32 As it 
turns out, when 7 > rim' and Mr B is rational, Mrs A, when she is opportunist and p = p, 
will mix between announcing d = 0 or 1 and will announce b = 1. Mr B's posterior belief 
that Mrs A is honest after either (p = p and Mrs A says d = 0 and b = 1) or (p = p and 
Mrs A says d = 1 and b = 1) must be smaller than µ (due to the martingale property of 
beliefs), thereby implying that Mr B rejects Mrs A's offer in one of these two cases. Due 
to the required indifference of Mrs A between announcing (d = 0 and b = 1) or announcing 
(d = 1 and b = 1) we conclude that Mrs A cannot obtain that a transaction with Mr B takes 
place with probability 1 when p = p and ir > -yr'. This is, of course, in sharp contrast 
with what happens in the above cognitive environment as analyzed in Proposition 3. 
III. Conclusion 
What are the lessons to be drawn from our approach? Firstly, a description of the 
prototype of a deceptive tactic. In the above bargaining story (as in many real life situations), 
the first stage of the deception involves building a relation of confidence with the victim 
(even if this has some cost, as illustrated by the announcement of the deficiencies in the 
bargaining story) so as to better exploit it at a later stage. Thus, from a practical viewpoint, 
one is more likely to discover a deceptive tactic when one sees a party making an initial 
sacrifice that subsequently turns out to be of great benefit to this same party. Secondly, 
according to our theory, deception requires the presence of agents who are neither fully 
rational (otherwise, their beliefs could not be manipulated) nor fully irrational, in the sense 
of not distinguishing the various types of the opponent (otherwise, there could be no inference 
process as the interaction proceeds). More precisely, our theory of deception requires the 
presence of agents who somehow have a stereotypical understanding of others' attitudes. Our 
32Uncler the condition of Proposition 3 el > "wi n, Mr B would reject Mrs A's offer. Even if 7 < err, 
when Mrs A is opportunist she will prefer to say that d = 0 and b = I so as to save on the discount A. 
EFTA01137510
--- PAGE 25 ---
theory thus provides some content to the common-sense idea that the best candidates for 
belief manipulation and deception are individuals who are neither too smart nor too dumb. 
References 
[1] Compte, Olivier and Andrew Postlewaite (2008): 'Repeated Relationships with Limits 
on Information Processing', mimeo. 
[2] Crawford, Vincent P. (2003): 'Lying for Strategic Advantage: Rational and Boundedly 
Rational Misrepresentation of Intentions', American Economic Review, 93, 133-149. 
[3] Esponda, Ignacio (2008): 'Behavioral Equilibrium in Economies with Adverse Selection', 
forthcoming American Economic Review. 
[4] Eyster, Erik and Rabin, Matthew (2005): 'Cursed Equilibrium', Econometric; 73, 
1623-1672. 
[5] Fudenberg, Drew and Levine, David K. (1989): 'Reputation and Equilibrium Selection 
in Gaines with a Patient Player', Econometrics, 57, 759-778. 
[6] Jackson, Matthew O. and Kalai, Ehud (1997): 'Social Learning in Recurring Games,' 
Games and Economic Behavior, 21, 102-134. 
[7] Jehiel, Philippe (1995): 'Limited Horizon Forecast in Repeated Alternate Games', 
Journal of Economic Theory, 67, 497-519. 
[8] Jehiel, Philippe (2005): 'Analogy-based Expectation Equilibrium', Journal of Economic 
Theory, 123, 81-104. 
[91 Jehiel, Philippe and Koessler, Frederic (2008): 'Revisiting Games of Incomplete Inform-
ation with Analogy-based Expectations', Games and Economic Behavior, 62, 533-557. 
[10] Jehiel, Philippe and Dov Samet (2007): 'Valuation Equilibrium', Theoretical Economics, 
2, 163-185. 
EFTA01137511
--- PAGE 26 ---
[11] Jones, Edward E. and Davis Keith E. (1965): 'From Acts to Dispositions: The Attri-
bution Process in Person Perception' in Berkowitz L. (ed), Advances in Experimental 
Social Psychology (Vol 2, 219-266), New York: Academic. 
[12] Kahnemann, Daniel., Slovic, P. and Tversky, Amos., eds (1982):'Judgement Under Un-
certainty, Heuristic and Biases', Cambridge University Press. 
[13] Kreps, David , Milgrom, Paul, Roberts, John and Wilson, Robert (1982): 'Rational 
cooperation in the finitely repeated prisoners' dilemma', Journal of Economic Theory, 
27, 245-252. 
[14] Kreps, David and Wilson, Robert (1982): 'Sequential Equilibria', Econometrics., 50, 
863-894. 
[15] Kreps, David and Wilson, Robert (1982b): 'Reputation and Imperfect Information', 
Journal of Economic Theory, 27, 253-279. 
[16] Lewis, Michael (1990): Liar's Poker, Penguin Books. 
[17] Mullainathan, Sendhil, Schwartzstein, Joshua and Shleifer, Andrei (2008): 'Coarse 
Thinking and Persuasion', Quarterly Journal of Economics, 123, 577-619. 
[18] McKelvey, Richard and Thomas Palfrey (1995): 'Quantal Response Equilibrium,' 
Games and Economic Behavior, 10, 6-38 
[19] O'Sullivan, Maureen (2003): 'The Fundamental Attribution Error in Detecting Decep-
tion: The Boy-Who-Cried-Wolf Effect', Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 29, 
1316-1327. 
[20] Ross, Lee (1977): 'The Intuitive Psychologists and his Shortcomings' in Berkowitz 
L. (ed), Advances in Experimental Social Psychology (Vol 10, 173-220), New York: 
Academic. 
[21] Ross, Lee, Amabile, Teresa M. and Steimnetz, Julia L.(1977):'Social Roles. Social Con-
trol and Biases in Social-Perception Processes', Journal of Personality and Social Psy-
chology, 35, 485-494. 
EFTA01137512
--- PAGE 27 ---
[22] Schelling, Thomas (1960): The Strategy of Conflict. Harvard University Press. 
[23] Sobel, Joel (1985): 'A theory of Credibility', Review of Economic Studies, 52, 557-573. 
[24] Spence, Michael A. (1973): 'Job Market Signaling', Quarterly Journal of Economics, 
87, 357-374. 
[25] Stahl, Dale O. (1993): Evolution of Smart„ players,' Games and Economic Behavior, 
5, 604-17' 
[26] Von Neuman, John and Morgenstern, Oskar (1944): Theory of Games and Economic 
Behavior, Princeton University Press 
[27] Vrij, Aldert (2001): Detecting Lies and Deceit. Wiley, New York. 
EFTA01137513

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137514.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137514.pdf
----------------------------------------
J. P. Morgan 
1.P. Morgan invites you to participate in a conference call for 
Existing Investors of Apax Europe VII-B, L.P. 
To date, Apax Europe VII-B, L.P. ("Fund VII") has committed €10.0 billion, or 89% of its capital, across 29 
investments throughout Europe, North America, Asia and Latin America. Through its international presence and 
European network, Apax has taken advantage of the most attractive opportunities globally. Fund VIPs portfolio 
companies are representative of the team's deep industry insights and proprietary deal sourcing capabilities across 
five core sectors: Retail & Consumer, Media, Tech & Telecom, Healthcare, and Financial & Business Services. 
Additionally, during the conference call, we invite you to learn about 
Apax VIII 
Apax is targeting commitments of €9 billion for Apax VIII ("Fund VIII"), its current global buyout offering. Fund VIII 
will seek to continue Apax's strategy of investing globally in strong growth companies. Fund VIII will focus on 
companies with enterprise values of between €1-5 billion across its five core sectors. 
Hosted by 
Mitch Truwit, Partner and Co-Head of the Financial & Business Services Team 
David Kim, Co-Head of Investor Relations 
Date: Tuesday, February 5, 2013 
Time: 11:00am NY/ 4:00pm London 
Call-in Numbers: 
Within the V.S.: 
Outside the U.S.: 
Hong Kong: 
Singapore: 
Passcode: APAX 
To view the slides associated with this presentation, copy and paste the following URL into your Internet browser: 
Event password: apax 
The Conference Call will be replayed through March 5, 2013 
Within the U.S.: 
Outside the U.S.: 
Hong Kong: 
Singapore: 
Passcode: 92893103 
Please contact your 1.P. Morgan representative if you have any questions. 
This invitation is confidential and intended solely for the use of LP. Morgan professionals and the clients/prospects to whom it has been 
delivered. It is not to be reproduced or distributed to any other person except to the client's professional advisors. 
Private investments are subject to special risks and individuols must meet specific suitability standards before investing. This information does not constitute an offer 
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the interests of A00% All. Na offering of interests of Fund VW maybe made by any literature, advertising or document in 
whatever form other thon the confrdentiol private placement memorandum. As a reminder, hedge funds (or funds of hedge funds), private equity funds, teal estate 
funds and the like: Often engage in leveraging and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; Can be highly illiquid; Are not 
requited to provide penadic pricing or valuation information to investors; May involve complex tax structures and delays in distributing important tax information; 
Are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds; and often charge high fees. Further, any number of conflicts of interest may exist in the context 
of the management and/or operation of any such fund. For complete information, please refer to the applicable offering memorandum. Secutiries ore made 
available through LP. Morgan Securities LLC Member FINRA, NYSE and SIPC and its broker-dealer affiliates. 
Investment Products: 
-Not FDIC Insured 
-No Bank Guarantee 
-May Lose Value 
EFTA01137514

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137515.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER 
SUITE B-3 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
August 31, 2006 
Steven Victor. M.D 
Dear Steven: 
I am writing in connection with the loan by me to Victor Cosmeceuticals, Inc. 
("VCI") in the amount of $100,000 which is due to be repaid by not later than September 
30, 2006. The loan is evidenced by VCI's promissory note to me of even date herewith 
payable in the principal amount of $100,000, plus interest at the rate of twenty percent 
(20%) per annum (the "Note"). You have unconditionally guaranteed to me payment of 
the Note upon the terms of your written Guarantee to me of even date herewith (the 
"Guarantee"). As part of the inducement for me to extend the loan to VCI and accept 
VCI's promissory note and your Guarantee, VCI has agreed in the Note that it shall have 
no right of offset in respect of its payment obligations under the Note. As additional 
inducement, you and I have agreed as follows: 
1. 
You will have no right of offset with respect to your unconditional 
payment obligations to me under the Guarantee. That is to say, you have no right to 
offset amounts you owe under the Guarantee by amounts you may have billed me or may 
hereafter bill me for services rendered by you or your staff on my behalf. 
2. 
You may request such an offset, but whether or not I permit you to make 
such an offset is within my sole and absolute discretion. Any such permission granted by 
me must be in writing and will only apply to the specific offset you request at a particular 
time. No permission granted by me for one offset shall be deemed to imply permission 
for any future offsets. Moreover, each offset to which I give my permission must comply 
with the requirements of paragraph 3 below. 
3. 
In the event that you request and I do determine to permit an offset, you 
and I have agreed that any such offset will be on the basis of a 4 to 1 ratio, such that for 
every four dollars you bill me, you may offset one dollar of your payment obligations to 
me under the Guarantee. No other offsets shall be permissible under any circumstances. 
EFTA01137515
--- PAGE 2 ---
Steven Victor, M.D. 
August 31, 2006 
Page 2 
Please confirm your agreement to the provisions of this letter by signing your 
name in the space provided below and returning your signed letter to me, whereupon the 
provisions of this letter shall become our binding agreement and a material supplement to 
the provisions of the Guarantee. 
Confmned and greed to by: 
S 
Victor 
EFTA01137516

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137517.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137517.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: <1 
To: leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Hi Jeffrey 
Date: Mon, 04 Feb 2013 17:47:25 +0000 
Attachments: Jensen_2013_Mol_Psy.pdf 
Just wanted to send you this link to a short piece i did on NPR "All Things Considered" yesterday and a copy of 
our most recent study on physicians' brains while treating patients. It's gotten much media attention. We're 
hoping to expand the model to measure patients and physicians simultaneously and elucidate how non-conscious 
communication happens in the patient-physician relationship and cascades into placebo responses. 
We also have a series of other projects that are ready to get off the ground. Were at an exciting point of growth. 
If you had time, I would very much like to talk. 
Best wishes, 
Ted 
http://www.npr.org/2013/02/03/171006082/research-shows-placebos-may-ha ve-place-in-everyda y-
treatments 
EFTA01137517

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137518.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137518.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137518

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137519.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137519.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 04 Feb 2013 17:51:08 +0000 
Attachments: 004.JPG; masha0606.jpg 
want to meet you 
Best regards, 
EFTA01137519

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137520.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137520

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137521.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez < 
Subject: Fwd: Privileged and Confidential 
Date: Mon, 04 Feb 2013 17:56:41 +0000 
Attachments: 2-1-13_List_of Autos,_boats,_planes, 
7.xls 
plesae print out for my arrival 
Forwarded messa e 
From: Darren Indyke 
Date: Sun, Feb 3, 2013 at 6:09 PM 
Subject: Privileged and Confidential 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Attached is the revised master list. The Transfer of Lady G has not yet taken place, so that is still on the list. I 
will separately notify Pinney and NY CJS when the boat transfer is completed. 
FYI the password for the attached list in order to print it out is "gabi4224" 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
Mobile: 
email: 
********************************************* 
***** Mit*** 
***** 
********************** 
******** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - © 2011 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC —All rights reserved. 
********************************************* 
******* 
***************** 
********************* 
***it* 
EFTA01137521
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137522

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137523.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
email: 
February 4, 2013 
CERTIFIED MAIL 
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED 
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
Tower Place 
Albany, NY 12203-3764 
Re: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein - Offender ID 33216 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
In connection with the registration in New York of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, Offender ID 
33216, as a sex offender, this is to advise you that a Pinterest account has been 
created for Mr. Epstein with the screen name "JeffreyEpstein2" and using as a user 
name the existing email address "jeffrey@jeffreyepstein.org." 
Please note that this additional internet related information reflects an addition that 
has been made by a third party internet reputation management service provider 
which has been retained by Mr. Epstein. These third party service providers 
independently create internet accounts, websites, blog sites, associated email 
addresses and other web-based accounts and content concerning Mr. Epstein, but 
which are neither created nor used by Mr. Epstein. Out of an abundance of caution, 
however, Mr. Epstein has been disclosing and will continue to disclose such 
internet-related information, and any changes and additions thereto, as and when 
the same are disclosed to him by such third party reputation management service 
providers. 
Consistent with your prior instructions, Mr. Epstein has signed and dated this letter 
in the space provided below to confirm the creation of a Pinterest account for Mr. 
Epstein as disclosed herein. 
EFTA01137523
--- PAGE 2 ---
If ou re uire any further information, please feel free to call me at my office, 
or on my mobile telephone number, 
Respectfully, 
Darren Inclyke 
CONFIRMED: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dated: 
EFTA01137524

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137525.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137525.pdf
----------------------------------------
e Reader 
File 
Edit 
View 
Window 
Help 
77, 
- 
Cr'*.Vil 
V". 
* 
Rifkin - Zero Marginal Cost Society Ch 
12, 13.pdf 
/ 48 
100% 
Powerful industry leaders often strive to restrict entry of new en-
terprises and innovations. But slowing down or stopping new, more 
productive technologies to protect prior capital investments creates a 
positive-feedback loop by preventing capital from investing in profitable 
new opportunities. If capitai can't migrate to new profitable investments, 
the economy goes into a protracted stall. 
Lange described the struggle that pits capitalist against capitalist in 
stark terms. He writes: 
The stability of the capitalist system is shaken by the alternation of at-
tempts to stop economic progress in order to protect old investments and 
tremendous collapses when those attempts fail.6
itF 
100% C3. j...42t13:414Pt. a o
Tools 
Sign 
Comn 
Attempts to block economic progress invariably fail because new en-
trepreneurs are continually roaming the edges of the system in search of 
innovations that increase productivity and reduce costs, allowing them to 
win over consumers with cheaper prices than those of their competitors. 
The race Lange outlines is relentless over the long run, with productiv-
ity continually pushing costs and prices down, forcing profit margins to 
shrink. 
While most economists today would look at an era of nearly free 
goods and services with a sense of foreboding, a few earlier economists 
expressed a guarded enthusiasm over the prospect. Keynes, the venerable 
twentieth-century economist whose economic theories still hold consider-
able weight, penned a small essay in 1930 entitled "Economic Possibilities 
for Our Grandchildren," which appeared as millions of Americans were 
beginning to sense that the sudden economic downturn of 1929 was in fact 
the beginning of a long plunge to the bottom. 
Keynes observed that new technologies were advancing productivity 
and reducing the cost of goods and services at an unprecedented rate. They 
were also dramatically reducing the amount of human labor needed to 
mind from a preoccupation with strictly pecuniary interests to focus more 
on the "arts for life" and the quest for transcendence. 
Both Lange and Keynes foresaw, back in the 1930s, the schizophrenia 
that lies at the nucleus of the capitalist system: the inherent entrepreneurial 
dynamism of competitive markets that drives productivity up and mar-
ginal costs down. Economists have long understood that the most efficient 
economy is one in which consumers pay only for the marginal cost of the 
goods they purchase. But if consumers pay only for the marginal cost and 
those costs continue to race toward zero, businesses would nor be able to 
ensure a return on their investment and sufficient profit to satisfy their 
shareholders. That being the case, market leaders would attempt to gain 
market dominance to ensure a monopoly hold so they could impose prices 
higher than the marginal cost of the products they're selling, thus prevent-
ing the invisible hand from hurrying the market along to the most efficient 
economy of near zero marginal cost and the prospect of nearly free goods 
and services. This catch-22 is the inherent contradiction that underlies 
capitalist theory and practice. 
Eighty years after Lange and Keynes made their observations, con-
temporary economists arc once again peering into the contradictory work-
ings of the capitalist system, unsure of how to make the market economy 
function without self-destructing in the wake of new technologies that are 
speeding society into a near zero marginal cost eca. 
Lawrence Summers, U.S. secretary of the treasury during President 
Bill Clinton's administration and former president of Harvard University, 
and J. Bradford DeLong, a professor of economics at the University of Cal-
ifornia, Berkeley, revisited the capitalist dilemma in a joint paper delivered 
at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City's symposium, "Economic Pol-
icy for the Information Economy," in August 2001. This time, there was 
much more at stake as the new information technologies and the incipient 
Internet communication revolution were threatening to take the capitalist 
system to a near zero marginal cost reality in the coming decades. 
EFTA01137525

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137526.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137526.pdf
----------------------------------------
Allb 
111 • 1.711.F116. 11CALIll 11 V111 
11L11 
y 1115 
L11%., 11141 A1.L GLAWAlb 
6V 
1...L1Se 1aaVva 
• • .......••••••••,... 
economy of near zero marginal cost and the prospect of nearly free goods 
and services. This catch-22 is the inherent contradiction that underlies 
capitalist theory and practice. 
Eighty years after Lange and Keynes made their observations, con-
temporary economists are once again peering into the contradictory work-
ings of the capitalist system, unsure of how to make the market economy 
function without self-destructing in the wake of new technologies that are 
speeding society into a near zero marginal cost
.
Lawrence Summers, U.S. secretary of the treasury during President 
Bill Clinton's administration and former president of Harvard University, 
and J. Bradford DeLong, a professor of economics at the University of Cal-
ifornia, Berkeley, revisited the capitalist dilemma in a joint paper delivered 
at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City's symposium, "Economic Pol-
icy for the Information Economy," in August 2001. This time, there was 
much more at stake as the new information technologies and the incipient 
Internet communication revolution were threatening to take the capitalist 
system to a near zero marginal cost reality in the coming decades. 
EFTA01137526

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137527.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 18 Nov 2014 01:16:38 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_5451.JPG 
Rudi couldn't make it. 
Very old crowd 
EFTA01137527
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01137528
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01137529

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137530.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137530.pdf
----------------------------------------
i• 
, otte 
_ 
P 
Pg. 
kac , . 
a. 
)7". 
a: a
nn-
r:. 
• 
et. • 
I._ 
.4., , 
L• -e 
• 
• 
• 
• t.r rs r
Vs. 
,
•
•
P frie 
  •
•
.•.• 1 S
. .. • 
cal 
4.; • 
• 
•••••• r 
• 
it• • e I PS' 
EFTA01137530

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137531.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137531.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Michael Pike (LinkedIn Invitations)" < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Michael Pike's invitation is waiting for your response 
Date: Tue, 05 Feb 2013 07:17:30 +0000 
2, Linkedln 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Michael sent you an invitation to connect 4 days ago. How would you like to respond? 
Accept 
ael 
Pike 
Ignore Privately 
Michael Pike 
Partner Attorney at Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
You are receiving Invitation emails. Unsubscribe.
This email was intended for Jeffrey Epstein. Learn why we included this. © 2013. Linkedln Corporation. 2029 
Stiedin Ct. Mountain View. CA 94043. USA 
EFTA01137531

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137532.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137532.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 
Height; 
175 
Bust: 
Waist: 
Hips: 
Shoe: 
byes: 
}fair 
Month: 
V 
• 
L 1 
EFTA01137532

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137533.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137533.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137533

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137534.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137534.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137534

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137535.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137535.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137535

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137536.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137536.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137536

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137537.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137537.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137537

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137538.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137538.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137538

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137539.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137539.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137539

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137540.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137540.pdf
----------------------------------------
a
'4 
EFTA01137540

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137541.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137541.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137541

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137542.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137542

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137543.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137543

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137544.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137544.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137544

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137545.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137545

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137546.pdf
----------------------------------------
• NT 
k
i
t
EFTA01137546

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137547.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137547

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137548.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137548.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137548

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137549.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137549

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137550.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137550

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137551.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137551.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137551

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137552.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137552

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137553.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137553.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137553

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137554.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137554.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
-vs-
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
and BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
individually, 
Defendants. 
HEARING BEFORE THE HONORABLE 
JUDGE DAVID CROW 
Monday, February 4, 2013 
9:01 a.m. - 9:18 a.m. 
Palm Beach County Courthouse, Courtroom 9C 
205 North Dixie Highway 
Palm Beach County, Florida 
Stenographically Reported By: 
Sara Storey, FPR 
Florida Professional Reporter 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137554
--- PAGE 2 ---
APPEARANCES: 
On behalf of the Plaintiff: 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
954.467.1223 
TONJA@TONJAHADDAD.COM 
BY: TONJA HADDAD, ESQUIRE 
On behalf of the Defendants: 
Searcy, Denney, Scarola, et al. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
561.686.6300 
mep@searcylaw.com 
BY: JACK SCAROLA, ESQUIRE 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137555
--- PAGE 3 ---
PROCEEDINGS 
MS. COLEMAN: Excuse me one moment. I'm 
sorry. The first page of that notebook I need to 
take out. Can I just grab my -- they're my notes. 
THE COURT: I can't read your notes? 
MS. COLEMAN: Well, I wouldn't want to give 
you my notes without giving a copy to Mr. Scarola, 
because that would be inappropriate. 
Good morning, Judge. Tonja Haddad --
THE COURT: Let me just stop you and ask you, 
is this something I can do on an 8:45, it seems 
like a lot? 
MS. COLEMAN: No, Your Honor, it's not. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MS. COLEMAN: It is my motion on behalf of 
Mr. Epstein. And since the date it was filed I 
have sent repeated requests to Mr. Scarola's office 
asking for a specially set date upon which he was 
available to argue our motion. 
THE COURT: All right. 
MS. COLEMAN: Mr. Scarola refused to provide 
us dates and instead unilaterally set it before 
this court today. What was originally set before 
this court today was an issue related to our 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137556
--- PAGE 4 ---
discovery which I think would be more germane to 
the issues since you denied our protective order 
last Thursday. There is no way this can be heard 
in five minutes without belaboring the point. And 
we would respectfully request that since 
Mr. Scarola's office is not cooperating that you 
would provide a specially-set date upon which we 
can argue our Motion to Dismiss in a corporated 
memorandum of law. 
MR. SCAROLA: May I have my five minutes to 
convince you otherwise? 
THE COURT: Let me just say, I generally don't 
give dates for counsel. I don't get involved in 
scheduling. What I generally do is say you 
schedule it within a certain period of time, if you 
don't I'll schedule it. But Yes, sir. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you. May I approach the 
bench? 
THE COURT: Yes, sir. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you. 
Your Honor, this is our fourth amended 
complaint. And the fourth amended complaint makes 
two changes from the third amended complaint which 
was the subject of multiple challenges all of which 
were denied. Those two changes appear in the 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561—835-0220 
EFTA01137557
--- PAGE 5 ---
wherefore clause as to count one, and the wherefore 
clause as to count two. Both of the changes are 
identical. The prior complaint said that we 
reserved leave to assert a claim for punitive 
damages upon satisfying the statutory 
prerequisites. The amendment says 
counter-plaintiff Edwards, having satisfied the 
statutory prerequisites for the assertion of a 
claim for punitive damages and having been granted 
leave of court to assert such a claim does hereby 
also assert a claim for punitive damages. The 
factual allegations of this complaint remain 
absolutely unchanged from the repeatedly, 
unsuccessfully challenged third amended complaint. 
The Motion to Dismiss before Your Honor is 
nothing more than a motion for a reconsideration of 
Your Honor's having granted the leave to assert a 
claim for punitive damages. And the concept that 
it is necessary after having satisfied the 
statutory prerequisites to again argue all of the 
same legal issues that are being asserted once more 
that have previously been denied and to wait for
special set hearing in order to do that, I suggest 
to Your Honor, is simply a transparent attempt at 
further delaying getting this 2009 case set for 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137558
--- PAGE 6 ---
trial. That's the reason why I have been insistent 
upon dealing with this matter at an 8:45 hearing, 
because I firmly believe that when Your Honor takes 
a look at this complaint you will find that that is 
the only change and it does not warrant a special 
set hearing after Your Honor has already granted 
leave to amend to assert a claim for punitive 
damages. 
Just so that it is clear what has happened 
here, I have highlighted on both the copy I 
provided to Your Honor and the copy for opposing 
counsel each of the factual allegations that were 
supported by record evidence that allowed Your 
Honor to grant leave to assert the claim for 
punitive damages. No new factual allegations have 
been added to those that formed the basis to assert 
the claim for punitive damages to begin with. So 
that's the reason why I have asked Your Honor to 
deal with this at an 8:45, so that we can finally 
get a trial date in this 2009 case. 
Thank you, sir. 
THE COURT: Yes, ma'am. 
MS. COLEMAN: Your Honor, before I respond to 
that, respectfully I'm asking am I going to be 
compelled to argue my motion in this five minute 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137559
--- PAGE 7 ---
hearing? 
THE COURT: Well, I'll tell you what I'm going 
to do, I'm going to look at it, so if you want tc, 
you know --
MS. COLEMAN: Then I will --
THE COURT: Go ahead. 
MS. COLEMAN: Go ahead. I'm sorry. 
THE COURT: We got more than five minutes. 
MS. COLEMAN: My position is as follows, 
respectfully Mr. Scarola's opinion is just that. 
His opinion of course of his complaint is that it's 
fine, there is nothing wrong. Our position is in 
drast contravention to Mr. Scarola's opinion 
Th,
law, in our opinion, and as proved by our 
voluminous notebook with which you've been 
provided -- and for the record, we've provided over 
two hundred pages of documentation to Judge Crow in 
support of our Motion to Dismiss. The legal 
standard for pleading punitive damages under rule 
-- I'm sorry. I completely lost the paper that 7
was looking at. But the rule to plead special 
damages. I believe it's 1.210 or 1.200. It's in 
our motion -- requires heightened pleadings. So 
by -- just as an example to give Judge Crow, by his 
own admission Mr. Scarola has virtually changed 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137560
--- PAGE 8 ---
nothing in his complaint. That assertion by its 
very nature clearly goes to the fact that the 
complaint has not properly been amended to add a 
claim in punitive damages. 
And I apologize to the court, the special 
pleading requirement statute is 1.120(G) and 768.72 
of the Florida statutes, require different 
pleading. 
THE COURT: So let me stop you and make sure I 
understand you. What you're saying is that even 
though I may have given permission based upon the 
proffer made at the time of the hearing to plead 
punitive damages you still have to plead sufficient 
ultimate facts to establish punitive damage 
liability --
MR. SCAROLA: Yes, Your Honor, and the case 
law clearly supports that and based upon my 
communications with Mr. Scarola I realized that 
this was going to be a problem that could not be 
addressed in five minutes. We were going to need 
to convince you otherwise, which is again why I'm 
requesting that you allow us more time to argue 
this, because it's a very important issue, 
obviously. 
THE COURT: How much time do you need to 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137561
--- PAGE 9 ---
argue? 
MS. COLEMAN: I need at least 20 minutes to 
argue my point, Judge. 
THE COURT: I don't give 40 minute hearings. 
I only have 30 minute hearings. 
MS. COLEMAN: 15, I can do it in 15. 
THE COURT: Go ahead. 
MS. COLEMAN: You want me to argue it right 
now? 
THE COURT: I have 15 minutes. 
MS. COLEMAN: I don't have all the case law 
with me right now. We were set on a five minute 
hearing. I was coming in here to request that you 
give us a specially set hearing, Judge. If you're 
going to compel me to go forward at this exact 
moment --
THE COURT: Is the hearing about the stuff 
I've got in front of me? You know, I'm pretty 
familiar with the case law in which you've cited 
here. These are all standard cases. These are not 
unique. And so what I really want to know is what 
the factual predicate is for your motion. The case 
law is very clear. I understand the case law. I 
don't think you got any new case law in here, do 
you? 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137562
--- PAGE 10 ---
MS. COLEMAN: Any new case law from what, 
Judge? I don't know what's been submitted to you 
in the past. 
THE COURT: In support of your motion. 
MS. COLEMAN: In support of my motion, no, I 
filed it on the 18th. 
THE COURT: No, I mean, any recent cases that 
have changed the law in any manner. There is 
nothing new in the case law. What you're really 
doing is the case law as it applies to the 
allegations of this complaint presumably is what 
you're saying. 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, I am, Judge. 
THE COURT: Okay. So tell me what's wrong 
with this complaint. 
MS. COLEMAN: I'm just --
Are you making us do this argument now? 
THE COURT: I'm not making you do anything 
now. I'm sitting here, I got the thing in front 
me. I said maybe we can argue it now. You're 
telling me you're not prepared to argue the motion? 
Is that what you're saying? 
MS. COLEMAN: I was prepared for a five minute 
hearing and I'm telling you, yes, I would prefer 
to --
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137563
--- PAGE 11 ---
THE COURT: Is it something in addition to 
what's in your memorandum that you want to tell me? 
MS. COLEMAN: With the case law? No, Judge, I 
would like to be forwarded the opportunity to 
properly prepare and argue my point. I've been in 
your courtroom many, many times as you know --
THE COURT: I'm just asking a simple question. 
Is there something more than what you've outlined 
very articulately in the memorandum of motion that 
you need to argue or can I read it and understand 
it? 
MS. COLEMAN: I'm confident you can read it 
and understand it, Judge, but respectfully, the 
last couple of times we've been in here and we have 
not been permitted to outlay our argument, for 
example, the Motion for Protective Order, which v -
tried to get specially set for 15 minutes and 
Mr. Scarola would not agree, we get ruled against. 
I'm trying to do my job here. I'm trying to 
adequately present my client's position. I feel we 
have a very strong Motion to Dismiss. I'm asking 
this court to allow us the 15 minutes within which 
to argue it and to not permit 
I don't know - 
I 
don't have an --
THE COURT: When will you be ready to argue? 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137564
--- PAGE 12 ---
MS. COLEMAN: You can -- we have a UMC set for 
Wednesday morning. If you'd rather set this for 
Wednesday I'd be fine with that. 
THE COURT: I have got time today, how about 
that? I can get my calendar. Will you be prepared 
to argue it today? 
MS. COLEMAN: Judge, my office is in Broward 
and I have depositions set today. I don't know 
that I'll be able to do it today, but I'd be happy 
to do it Wednesday. 
THE COURT: Let's get you scheduled here. 
Okay. 
MS. COLEMAN: Thank you very much. 
THE COURT: Do you have the ability to look 
and see what your schedule is like right now? 
MR. SCAROLA: I have my phone here. 
THE COURT: Are you prepared to do that? 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, sir, I have my calendar 
here on my phone. 
THE COURT: Go ahead and get your calendars. 
Let's get your schedules here. You need 30 
minutes. I'm going to go ahead and get it set. 
This is one of the older cases on my -- I know 
it had some procedural hiccups, but I want to try 
and get it to the point where we can --
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137565
--- PAGE 13 ---
Can you do it at 8:00 in the morning? You 
generally don't have things scheduled at 8:00 in 
the morning. 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, sir, we have done that 
before. 
MR. SCAROLA: The only day that 8:00 would b,
a problem would be Wednesday, because I'm scheduled 
to be on a plane to Tampa Wednesday morning at 
7:00. 
THE COURT: How about Monday the 11th, 8:00? 
MS. COLEMAN: I can do that. 
THE COURT: All right. Somebody notice it. 
Okay. 
MS. COLEMAN: Judge, if you do have the time 
now --
THE COURT: We can do it at 8:15, too. 
MS. COLEMAN: That's fine. That's fine with 
me, Judge. 
THE COURT: 8:15. That will be better. 8:15 
on Monday February the 11th. 
MS. COLEMAN: Thank you, Judge. 
If you would like to address one small issue 
now that Mr. Scarola and I both agreed if we had 
time we would prefer that you address. 
You denied our Motion for Protective Order 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137566
--- PAGE 14 ---
last Thursday. 
THE COURT: Is there a motion or something? 
MS. COLEMAN: It's set on your docket for 
Wednesday, but I believe Mr. Scarola said he was 
going to bring everything if time permitted. 
MR. SCAROLA: I don't have that other file. 
THE COURT: Basically, Judge --
MR. SCAROLA: I do have --
MS. COLEMAN: I don't know that we even need a 
file for it. 
You denied our Motion for Protective Order 
last Thursday. You delineated the confidentiality 
order that you would like entered in this case and 
Mr. Scarola and I are working on different drafts 
of that. However, you did not provide in your 
order a date upon which our responses, whatever 
they may be, to Mr. Scarola's discovery would be 
due. So we had agreed 30 days from the date of 
your order we offered to Mr. Scarola thinking that 
was reasonable, but Mr. Scarola disagreed. So we 
would ask you to please give us a date upon which 
our responses to his discovery --
THE COURT: I don't remember what the 
financial requests were right now. 
MS. COLEMAN: Voluminous, over five years of 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561—835-0220 
EFTA01137567
--- PAGE 15 ---
documentation. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. SCAROLA: Your Honor, this is the 
pecuniary circumstances of discovery relating to 
punitive damages. 
THE COURT: Right. 
MR. SCAROLA: It is already past due. It's 
more than 30 days. I had suggested at the time of 
the hearing that Your Honor should include a time 
for response, because I anticipated this problem 
and I requested ten days. There was no time for 
response included in the order and opposing counsel 
has said I want 30 days from the entry of the order 
denying my motion for protective order, which would 
give them a total of in excess of 70 days to 
respond to this discovery. I believe that that's 
entirely inappropriate. The filing of a Motion for 
Protective Order does not relieve them of the 
obligation to prepare and be ready to submit the 
discovery in a timely fashion if the motion is 
denied. So my request is that ten days from today, 
which is now one week beyond where it was before, 
that discovery response be submitted. That's the 
request I made. 
There is an ancillary issue. And if I :(.1; 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137568
--- PAGE 16 ---
approach, Your Honor? 
THE COURT: Sure. 
MR. SCAROLA: This is a copy of the order that 
Your Honor entered. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. SCAROLA: And Your Honor outlined what you 
believed the appropriate terms of a confidentiality 
order to be. I drafted a proposed confidentiality 
order that exactly tracks the language in Your 
Honor's order and I submitted it to opposing 
counsel and they have not agreed to that 
confidentiality order, which is no surprise, 
because it's one more way in which they will 
attempt to delay the response to the discovery that 
we are seeking. I would ask Your Honor to 
simply --
I don't believe that after Your Honor's 
already entered the order that outlines all the 
confidentiality provisions that another order is 
necessary, but you contemplated another order, so I 
would ask Your Honor to enter the confidentiality 
order that you said would be appropriate. 
MS. COLEMAN: Your Honor, I have not even read 
that. It was e-mailed on Friday and I e-mailed 
Mr. Scarola back right away -- and I can prove this 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561—835-0220 
EFTA01137569
--- PAGE 17 ---
if I have to. I haven't had an opportunity to 
review it yet, much less send it to my client or my 
co-counsels --
THE COURT: Well, what it is is a bullet point 
of exactly what I said. 
MS. COLEMAN: I understand what it is, Your 
Honor, but --
THE COURT: Well, is there something you want 
more than in my order? 
MS. COLEMAN: I haven't read it. Yes, Judge, 
there -- no, I would like to have it say what you 
say in your order, but there may be --
This is our protective order, Your Honor. 
This is to protect Mr. Epstein, my client. While I 
appreciate Mr. Scarola's constant opinions of the 
law and what should be submitted, it's my client. 
I should at least at a minimum have a right to 
review it and edit it if I believe it's necessary. 
I'm not adding -- I don't anticipate adding 
anything that the court hasn't delineated in its 
order, but I think it's incumbent upon me as 
counsel of record for Mr. Epstein to at a minimum 
be able to review a confidentiality order that's 
going to order by Mr. Scarola's own constant words, 
a billionaire, to disclose all of his financial 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561—835-0220 
EFTA01137570
--- PAGE 18 ---
information absent, you know, something being in 
place that we need to review. And especially given 
the situation of what's going on in other 
litigations between these parties. 
THE COURT: Well, I guess what I'm asking 
is -- I mean, I outlined everything that I thought 
was necessary in my order. And what I'm asking - 
certainly you've read my order. 
MS. COLEMAN: I've read your order, Judge. 
have not read Mr. Scarola's proposed 
confidentiality order. 
THE COURT: I'm not asking about the 
confidentiality order. I'm going to ask you about 
my order. What in addition to what I put in the 
order would you want? 
MS. COLEMAN: Judge, I read your order 
Thursday afternoon. I don't remember. I wasn't 
prepared to discuss the confidentiality order this 
morning. I wasn't told it was going to be heard. 
I wasn't told that Mr. Scarola was going to present 
you with a copy of what he had drafted. 
THE COURT: Okay. I'll get you an order out. 
Okay. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you very much, Your Honcr . 
THE COURT: Have a great day. 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137571
--- PAGE 19 ---
MR. SCAROLA: Thanks. 
MS. COLEMAN: An order regarding the discovery 
due date or --
THE COURT: Yeah. And whether or not I'm 
going to require a confidentiality order and, I 
mean -- basically -- I mean, I'm looking at my 
order and what I -- I couldn't tell you what I was 
thinking, but I spelled out everything that I 
thought was necessary and only if you thought 
something more then I was going to allow you to do 
something different, but -- or less. 
MS. COLEMAN: Respectfully, Judge, in my 
granted less limited experience than Mr. Scarola in 
the legal arena, if an issue arises with this 
confidentiality order we were trying to place the 
burden not on you purportedly drafted the 
confidentiality order by nature of your order, but 
rather having an agreed to confidentiality order 
between the parties that you would merely sign 
rather than using your court order and asking you 
to rule on exactly what you just said, what you 
meant at the time you drafted it. 
THE COURT: Okay. I'm not sure what I'm going 
to do, but I'll get you an order out here today. 
Okay. 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137572
--- PAGE 20 ---
MS. COLEMAN: Thank you, Judge. 
MR. SCAROLA: And I would respond to that if I 
had any idea at all what she just said. So I have 
no response. 
THE COURT: Excuse me? 
MR. SCAROLA: I said I would respond to that 
if I had any idea at all what it is she just said, 
but I don't. 
THE COURT: Thank you. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Have a great day. 
MR. SCAROLA: And you too, sir. 
(Proceedings concluded at 9:18 a.m.) 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137573
--- PAGE 21 ---
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER 
I, Sara Storey, Florida Professional 
Reporter, State of Florida at Large, certify that I wa 
authorized to and did stenographically report the 
foregoing proceedings and that the transcript, page 1 
through 20, is a true and complete record of my 
stenographic notes. 
Dated this 4th day of February 2013 in Palm 
Beach County, Florida. 
CA&CA 
Ate`cy 
Sara Storey, 
Florida Professionsij Reporter 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137574
--- PAGE 22 ---
Page 1 
A 
ability12:14 
able12:9 17:23 
absent18:1 
absolutely 5:13 
add8:3 
added6:16 
adding17:19,19 
addition11:1 
18:14 
address 13:22,24 
addressed8:20 
adequately 11:20 
admission :25 
afternoon18:17 
agree11:18 
agreed13:23 14:18 
16:11 19:18 
ahead7:6,7 9:7 
12:20,22 
al2:7 
allegations 5:12 
6:12,15 10:11 
allow8:22 11:22 
19:10 
allowed6:13 
amend6:7 
amended4:21,22,23 
5:14 8:3 
amendment 5:6 
ancillary15:25 
anticipate 17:19 
anticipated 15:10 
apologize8:5 
appear4:25 
APPEARANCES2:1 
applies10:10 
appreciate 17:15 
approach4:17 16:1 
appropriate 16:7 
16:22 
arenal9:14 
argue3:20 4:8 
5:20 6:25 8:22 
9:1,3,8 10:20,21 
11:5,10,23,25 
12:6 
argument10:17 
:15 
arises19:14 
articulately11:9 
asked6:18 
asking3:19 6:24 
11:7,21 18:5,7 
18:12 19:20 
assert 5:4,10,11 
5:17 6:7,14,16 
asserted5:21 
assertion5:8 8:1 
attemptS:24 16:14 
authorized21:6 
available3:20 
a.m1:16,16 20:13 
B 
back16:25 
based8:11,17 
basically14:7 
19:6 
basis6:16 
Beach1:2,17,18 
2:8,8 21:12 
behalf2:2,7 3:16 
belaboring4:4 
believe6:3 7:22 
14:4 15:16 16:17 
17:18 
believed16:7 
bench4:18 
better13:19 
beyond15:22 
billionaire 17:25 
Boulevard2:8 
BRADLEY1:8 
bring14:5 
Broward12:7 
bullet17:4 
burden19:16 
C 
C3:1 
calendar 12:5,18 
calendars12:20 
casel:2 5:25 6:20 
8:16 9:11,19,22 
9:23,24 10:1,9 
10:10 11:3 14:13 
cases9:20 10:7 
12:23 
certain4:15 
certainly18:8 
CERTIFICATE 21:1 
certify21:5 
challenged5:14 
challenges4:24 
change6:5 
changed7:25 10:8 
changes4:23,25 
5:2 
CIRCUIT1:1,1 
circumstances 15:4 
cited9:19 
claim5:4,9,10,11 
5:18 6:7,14,17 
8:4 
clause5:1,2 
clear6:9 9:23 
clearly8:2,17 
client 17:2,14,16 
client's11:20 
COLEMAN3:3,7,14 
3:16,22 6:23 7:5 
7:7,9 9:2,6,8,11 
10:1,5,13,16,23 
11:3,12 12:1,7 
12:13,18 13:4,11 
13:14,17,21 14:3 
14:9,25 16:23 
17:6,10 18:9,16 
19:2,12 20:1 
coming 9:13 
communications 
8:18 
compel 9:15 
compelled6:25 
complaint 4:22,22 
4:23 5:3,12,14 
6:4 7:11 8:1,3 
10:11,15 
complete21:8 
completely7:20 
concept 5:18 
concluded20:13 
confident11:12 
confidentiality 
14:12 16:7,8,12 
16:19,21 17:23 
18:11,13,18 19:5 
19:15,17,18 
constant 17:15,24 
contemplated 16:20 
contravention 7:13 
convince4:11 8:21 
cooperating4:6 
copy3:8 6:10,11 
16:3 18:21 
corporated4:8 
counse14:13 6:12 
15:12 16:11 
17:22 
count 5:1,2 
counter-plaintiff 
5:7 
County 1: 2, 17, 18 
21:12 
couplo11:14 
course 7:11 
court1:1 3:6,11 
3:15,21,24,25 
4:12,19 5:10 
6:22 7:2,6,8 8:5 
8:9,25 9:4,7,10 
9:17 10:4,7,14 
10:18 11:1,7,22 
11:25 12:4,11,14 
12:17,20 13:10 
13:12,16,19 14:2 
14:7,23 15:2,6 
16:2,5 17:4,8,20 
18:5,12,22,25 
19:4,20,23 20:5 
20:9,11 
Courthouse1:17 
courtroom 1:17 
11:6 
co-counsels17:3 
Crow1:14 7:17,24 
D 
D3:1 
damage 8:14 
damages 5:5,9,11 
5:18 6:8,15,17 
7:19,22 8:4,13 
15:5 
date3:17,19 4:7 
6:20 14:16,18,21 
19:3 
Dated21:11 
dates3:23 4:13 
DAVID1:14 
day13:6 18:25 
20:11 21:11 
days14:18 15:8,11 
15:13,15,21 
dea16:19 
dealing6:2 
Defendantsl:9 2:7 
delay16:14 
delaying5:25 
delineated 14:12 
17:20 
denied4:2,25 5:22 
13:25 14:11 
15:21 
Denney2:7 
denying15:14 
depositions 12:8 
different8:7 
14:14 19:11 
disagreed14:20 
disclose17:25 
discovery4:1 
14:17,22 15:4,16 
15:20,23 16:14 
19:2 
discuss18:18 
Dismiss4:8 5:15 
7:18 11:21 
Dixie1:17 
docket 14:3 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137575
--- PAGE 23 ---
Page 2 
documentation 7:17 
3:1 
doIng10:10 
drafted16:8 18:21 
19:16,22 
drafts14:14 
drast 7:13 
due14:18 15:7 
19:3 
E':1,1 
edIt17:18 
Edwards1:8 5:7 
enter16:21 
entered14:13 16:4 
_6:18 
entirely15:17 
entry15:13 
Epsteinl:4 3:17 
17:14,22 
especially18:2 
ESQUIRE2:5,10 
establish8:14 
et2:7 
evidence6:13 
exact9:15 
exactly16:9 17:5 
19:21 
example7:24 11:16 
excess15:15 
Excuse3:3 20:5 
experience 19:13 
e-mailed16:24,24 
F 
fact 8:2 
facts8:14 
factua15:12 6:12 
6:15 9:22 
familiar9:19 
fashion15:20 
February1:15 
13:20 21:11 
feel 11:20 
FIFTEENTH1:1 
file 14:6,10 
filed3:17 10:6 
filing15:17 
finally6:19 
financia114:24 
17:25 
find6:4 
fine7:12 12:3 
13:17,17 
firmly6:3 
first3:4 
five4:4,10 6:25 
7:8 8:20 9:12 
10:23 14:25 
FL2:4, 8 
Florida1:2,18,22 
8:7 21:4,5,12,20 
follows 7:9 
foregoing21:7 
formed6:16 
Fort2:4 
forward9:15 
forwarded11:4 
fourth4:21,22 
FPR 1:21 
Friday16:24 
front9:18 10:19 
further 5:25 
G 
G3:1 
generally 4:12,14 
13:2 
germane4:1 
getting 5:25 
give3:7 4:13 7:24 
9:4,14 14:21 
15:15 
given8:11 18:2 
giving3:8 
go7:6,7 9:7,15 
12:20,22 
goes8:2 
going6:24 7:2,3 
8:19,20 9:15 
12:22 14:5 17:24 
18:3,13,19,20 
19:5,10,23 
Good3:10 
grab3:5 
grant6:14 
granted5:9,17 6:6 
19:13 
great18:25 20:11 
guess18:5 
H 
Haddad2:3,5 3:10 
happened6:9 
happy12:9 
heard4:3 18:19 
hearing1:13 5:23 
6:2,6 7:1 8:12 
9:13,14,17 10:24 
15:9 
hearings9:4,5 
heightened7:23 
hiccups12:24 
highlighted 6:10 
Highway1:17 
Honor3:14 4:21 
5:15,24 6:3,6,11 
6:14,18,23 8:16 
15:3,9 16:1,4,6 
16:15,21,23 17:7 
17:13 18:24 
20:10 
HONORAELE1:13 
Honor's5:17 16:10 
16:17 
hundred7:17 
I 
idea20:3,7 
identical5:3 
Losportant8:23 
inappropriate 3:9 
15:17 
include15:9 
included15:12 
incumbent17:21 
individually1:7,E 
information 18:1 
insistent6:1 
involved4:13 
issue3:25 8:23 
13:22 15:25 
19:14 
issues4:2 5:21 
J1:8 
JACK2:10 
JEFFREY1:4 
job11:19 
Judge1:14 3:10 
7:17,24 9:3,14 
10:2,13 11:3,13 
12:7 13:14,18,21 
14:7 17:10 18:9 
18:16 19:12 20:1 
JUDICIAL1:1 
K 
know7:4 9:18,21 
10:2 11:6,23 
12:8,23 14:9 
18:1 
L 
Lakes2:8 
language16:9 
Large21:5 
Landerdale2:4 
law ::9 7:14 8:17 
9:11,19,23,23,24 
10:1,8,9,10 11:3 
17:16 
leave5:4,10,17 
6:7,14 
legal 5:21 7:18 
19:14 
Let's12:11,21 
liability8:15 
limIted19:13 
litigations 18:4 
look6:4 7:3 12:14 
looking7:21 19:6 
lost7:20 
lot3:13 
making10:17,18 
manner10:8 
matter 6:2 
ma'am 6:22 
mean10:7 18:E 
meant19:22 
memorandum4:9 
11:2,9 
mep@soarcylaw.com 
2:9 
merely19:19 
minimwm17:17,22 
minute6:25 9:4,5 
9:12 10:23 
minutes4:4,10 7:8 
8:20 9:2,10 
11:17,22 12:22 
moment3:3 9:16 
Monday1:15 13:10 
13:20 
morning3:10 12:2 
13:1,3,8 18:19 
motion3:16,20 4:8 
5:15,16 6:25 
7:18,23 9:22 
10:4,5,21 11:9 
11:16,21 13:25 
14:2,11 15:14,17 
15:20 
multiple4:24 
N3:1 
nature8:2 19:17 
necessary5:19 
16:20 17:18 18:7 
19:9 
need3:4 8:20,25 
9:2 11:10 12:21 
14:9 18:2 
new6:15 9:24 10:1 
10:9 
North1:17 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137576
--- PAGE 24 ---
Page 3 
notebook3:4 7:15 
notes3:5,6,8 21:9 
notice13:12 
NO.502009CA040... 
1:2 
O 
03:1 
obligation 15:19 
obviously8:24 
offered14:19 
office 3:18 4:6 
:7 
Okay3:15 10:14 
12:12 13:13 15:2 
16:5 18:22,23 
19:23,25 
older12:23 
once5:21 
opinion 7:10,11,13 
7:14 
opinions17:15 
opportunity 11:4 
17:1 
opposing6:11 
15:12 16:10 
order4:2 5:23 
11:16 13:25 
14:11,13,16,19 
15:12,13,14,18 
16:3,8,9,10,12 
16:18,19,20,22 
17:9,12,13,21,23 
17:24 18:7,8,9 
18:11,13,14,15 
18:16,18,22 19:2 
19:5,7,15,17,17 
19:18,20,24 
originally3:24 
outlay11:15 
outlined11:8 16:6 
:6 
outlines16:18 
P 
page3:4 21:7 
pages7:17 
Palm1:2,17,18 2:8 
2:8 21:11 
paper7:20 
parties18:4 19:19 
pecuniary15:4 
period4:15 
permission8:11 
permit 11:23 
permitted11:15 
14:5 
phone12:16,19 
place18:2 19:15 
Plaintiffl:5 2:2 
plane13:8 
plead7:21 8:12,13 
pleading7:19 8:6 
8:8 
pleadings7:23 
please14:21 
point4:4 9:3 11:5 
12:25 17:4 
position 7:9,12 
11:20 
predicate9:22 
prefer10:24 13:24 
prepare11:5 15:19 
prepared10:21,23 
12:5,17 18:18 
prerequisites 5:6 
5:8,20 
present11:20 
18:20 
presumably 10:11 
pretty9:18 
previously5:22 
prior5:3 
problem8:19 13:7 
15:10 
procedural 12:24 
proceedings 20:13 
21:7 
Professional1:22 
21:4,20 
proffer8:12 
properly8:3 11:5 
proposed16:8 
18:10 
protect17:14 
protective4:2 
11:16 13:25 
14:11 15:14,18 
17:13 
prove16:25 
proved7:14 
provide3:22 4:7 
14:15 
provided6:11 7:16 
7:16 
provisions 16:19 
punitive 5:4,9,11 
5:18 6:7,15,17 
7:19 8:4,13,14 
15:5 
purportedly 19: 16 
put 18:14 
P.A2:3 
question11:7 
R 
R3:1 
read3:6 11:10,12 
16:23 17:10 18: 
18:9,10,16 
ready11:25 15:19 
realized8:18 
really9:21 10:9 
reason6:1,18 
reasonable14:20 
reconsideration 
5:16 
record6:13 7:16 
17:22 21:8 
refused3:22 
regarding19:2 
related3:25 
relating15:4 
relieve15:18 
remain 5:12 
remember14:22 
18:17 
repeated3:18 
repeatedly 5:13 
report 21:6 
Reported1:21 
Reporter1:22 21:1 
21:5,20 
request 4:5 9:13 
15:21,24 
requested15:11 
requesting 8:22 
requests3:18 
require 12:7 19:5 
requirement 8:6 
requires7:23 
reserved5:4 
respectfully 4:5 
6:24 7:10 11:13 
19:12 
respond6:23 15:16 
20:2,6 
response 15:10,12 
15:23 16:14 20:4 
responses 14:16,22 
review 17:2,18,23 
IP:2 
right3:21 9:8,12 
12:15 13:12 
14:24 15:6 16:25 
7:17 
ROTHSTEIN1:7 
rule 7:19,21 19:21 
ruled11:18 
S 
S3:1 
Sara1:21 21:4,19 
satisfied5:7,19 
satisfying5:5 
sayIng8:10 10:12 
10:22 
says5:6 
Scarola2:7,10 3:8 
3:22 4:10,17,20 
7:25 8:16,18 
11:18 12:16 13:6 
13:23 14:4,6,8 
14:14,19,20 15:3 
15:7 16:3,6,25 
18:20,24 19:1,13 
20:2,6,10,12 
Scarola's3:18 4:6 
7:10,13 14:17 
17:15,24 18:10 
schedule 4:15,16 
12:15 
scheduled12:11 
13:2,7 
schedules12:21 
scheduling4:14 
SCOTT1:7 
SE2:3 
Searcy2:7 
see12:15 
seeking16:15 
send17:2 
sent3:18 
set3:19,23,24 
5:23,25 6:6 9:12 
9:14 11:17 12:1 
12:2,8,22 14:3 
sign19:19 
simple11:7 
simply5:24 16:16 
sir4:16,19 6:21 
12:18 13:4 20:12 
sitting10:19 
situation18:3 
sma1113:22 
Somabody13:12 
sorry3:4 7:7,20 
specia15:23 6:5 
7:21 8:5 
specially3:19 
9:14 11:17 
specially-set4:7 
spalled19:8 
standard7:19 9:20 
State21:5 
statute8:6 
statutes8:7 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137577
--- PAGE 25 ---
Page 4 
statutory 5:5,8,20 
stenographic21:9 
stenographically 
1:21 21:6 
stop3:11 8:9 
Storey 1 : 21 21:4 
21:19 
Street 2:3 
strong 11:21 
stuff 9:17 
subject 4:24 
submit 15:19 
submitted 10 :2 
15:23 16:10 
17:16 
sufficient 8:13 
suggest 5:23 
suggested 15:8 
support 7:18 10:4 
10:5 
supported 6 :13 
supports8:17 
sure 8:9 16:2 
19:23 
surprise 16:12 
T 
take 3:5 
takes 6:3 
Tampa 13:8 
te117:2 10:14 
11:2 19:7 
telling10:21,24 
ten 15:11,21 
terms 16:7 
Thank4:17,20 6:21 
12:13 13:21 
18:24 20:1,9,10 
Thanks 19:1 
thing10:19 
things13:2 
think4:1 9:24 
17:21 
thinking 14:19 
19:8 
third4:23 
5:14 
thought 18:6 19:9 
19:9 
Thursday 4:3 14:1 
14:12 18:17 
time4:15 8:12,22 
8:25 12:4 13:14 
13:24 14:5 15:8 
15:9,11 19:22 
timely 15:20 
times 11:6,14 
today3:24,25 12:4 
12:6,8,9 15:21 
19:24 
told18:19,20 
Tonja 2 : 7, 5 7:10 
TONJA@TONJAHAD 
. 
total _5:15 
tracks16:9 
transcript 21:7 
transparent 5:24 
tria16:1,20 
tried11 :17 
true 21:8 
try 12:24 
trying11:19,19 
19:15 
two4:23,25 5:2 
7:17 
U 
ultimate8: 14 
UMC 12 : 1 
unchanged 5 : 13 
understand8:10 
9:23 11:10,13 
17:6 
unilaterally 
3: 23 
unique 9:21 
unsuccessfully 
5:14 
V 
virtually 7:25 
voluminous 7:15 
14:25 
vs 1:6 
W 
wait 5:22 
want3:7 7:3 9:8 
9:21 11:2 12:24 
15:13 17:8 18:15 
warrant 6:5 
wasn't 18:17, 19,20 
way4:3 16:13 
Wednesday 12:2,3 
12:10 13:7,8 
14:4 
week15:22 
West 2:8 
we've 7:16 11:11 
wherefore5:1, 1 
words _7:24 
working 14:1:
wouldn't 3:7 
wrong - :12 10:1 
Y 
Yeah19:4 
years14:25 
17:20 21:7 
1.120(G) 8:6 
1.200 7:22 
1.210 7:22 
llth13:10,20 
159:6,6,10 11: 
11:22 
18th10:6 
9:2 21:8 
20095:25 6:20 
20131:15 21:11 
2051:17 
21392:8 
309:5 12:21 1 
15:8,13 
3152:3 
33301 2:4 
334092:8 
41:15 
4th 21:11 
9:4 
561.686.6300::
7th 2:3 
7:0013:9 
7015:15 
768.72 8:6 
8:00 13:1,2, 6, 10 
8:1513:16,19,19 
8:453:12 6:2,19 
9C1:17 
9:011:16 
9:18 1:16 20:13 
954.467.12232:4 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137578

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137579.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137579.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137579

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137580.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137580

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137581.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137581.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137581

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137582.pdf
----------------------------------------
I I I • • • • - 
1-9 
EFTA01137582

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137583.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137583

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137584.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137584

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137585.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137585.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137585

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137586.pdf
----------------------------------------
L 
EFTA01137586

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137587.pdf
----------------------------------------
tayela 
Isis to I II 
set 
sseillibiramasseass .amm••••••Nertirsimemnimper.,. 
1%, 
EFTA01137587

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137588.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137588

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137589.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137589.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137589

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137590.pdf
----------------------------------------
SS)
EFTA01137590

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137591.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137591

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137592.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137592

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137593.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137593.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137593

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137594.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137594

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137595.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137595

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137596.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137596

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137597.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137597

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137598.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137598

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137599.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137599.pdf
----------------------------------------
ewe
• 
- 
... 
•_-..r 
t 
I 
I 
.
WOW. 
, 1 I I
• 1 • s 1 
1 !
/ 1 
estailleTh 
hiplaillosliaakboalske 
aril 
• 
• 
'It I 
ilagasta. 
44k 
• • at *a 
se. 
EFTA01137599

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137600.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137600.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137600

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137601.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137601

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137602.pdf
----------------------------------------
r
EFTA01137602

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137603.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137603

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137604.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137604

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137605.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137605.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137605

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137606.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137606.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137606

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137607.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137607

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137608.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137608

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137609.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rock Star 
EFTA01137609

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137610.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137610

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137611.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137611

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137612.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137612

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137613.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137613.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137613

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137614.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137614.pdf
----------------------------------------
!as%
EFTA01137614

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137615.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137615.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137615

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137616.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137616

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137617.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137617

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137618.pdf
----------------------------------------
From. 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 18 Nov 2014 01:37:55 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_5457.JPG 
Allessnadra Pozzi femon moon 
EFTA01137618
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01137619
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01137620

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137621.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137621.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: solar lights 
Date: Tue, 18 Nov 2014 01:43:08 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagel.PNG; image2.PNG; image3.PNG; image4.PNG; image5.PNG; image6.PNG; 
imagel.PNG; image9.PNG 
Brinkmann Round Solar Light With White 
LED 12-Pack 
Regular Price: $82.GG 
Sale Price: $71.88 
EFTA01137621
--- PAGE 2 ---
Brinkmann Mini Window Pane Solar Path 
Light 12-Pack 
Regular Price: $05.00 
Sale Price: $89.88 
EFTA01137622
--- PAGE 3 ---
Brushed Nickel Solar Walk Lights by 
Malibu 16-Pack 
Regular Price: $184.78 
Sale Price: $159.98 
FREE SHIPPING 
lia 
,  V ilt) 
k 
EFTA01137623
--- PAGE 4 ---
Dar
-
Solar Prominence Kit By Malibu Six-Pack 
Regular Price: $155.99 
Sale Price: $129.99 
FREE SHIPPING 
nit Jae 
1,z4,1 
EFTA01137624
--- PAGE 5 ---
Solar Pathway Light Bars By Malibu 2-
Pack 
Regular Price: $28.78 
Sale Price: $23.98 
id • or I 
Li 
EFTA01137625
--- PAGE 6 ---
M 
iii 
I 1-1 
BTR Modern Solar Path Light With Stakes 
4-Pack 
Regular Price: $30.0L 
Sale Price: $32.89 
I 
EFTA01137626
--- PAGE 7 ---
Copper Charleston Solar Pathway Lights 
6-Pack 
Regular Price: $G8.9 
Sale Price: $59.95 
EFTA01137627
--- PAGE 8 ---
Celestial Solar Pathway Lights by Malibu 
6-Pack 
Regular Price: $99799 
Sale Price: $86.99 
Xs+ 
Ann R. 
_se 
e 
On Nov 17, 2014, at 9:23 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
solar lights? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA01137628
--- PAGE 9 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137629

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137630.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137630.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
-vs-
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
and BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
individually, 
Defendants. 
HEARING BEFORE THE HONORABLE 
JUDGE DAVID CROW 
Monday, February 4, 2013 
9:01 a.m. - 9:18 a.m. 
Palm Beach County Courthouse, Courtroom 9C 
205 North Dixie Highway 
Palm Beach County, Florida 
Stenographically Reported By: 
Sara Storey, FPR 
Florida Professional Reporter 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137630
--- PAGE 2 ---
APPEARANCES: 
On behalf of the Plaintiff: 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
954.467.1223 
TONJA@TONJAHADDAD.COM 
BY: TONJA HADDAD, ESQUIRE 
On behalf of the Defendants: 
Searcy, Denney, Scarola, et al. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
561.686.6300 
mep@searcylaw.com 
BY: JACK SCAROLA, ESQUIRE 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137631
--- PAGE 3 ---
PROCEEDINGS 
MS. COLEMAN: Excuse me one moment. I'm 
sorry. The first page of that notebook I need to 
take out. Can I just grab my -- they're my notes. 
THE COURT: I can't read your notes? 
MS. COLEMAN: Well, I wouldn't want to give 
you my notes without giving a copy to Mr. Scarola, 
because that would be inappropriate. 
Good morning, Judge. Tonja Haddad --
THE COURT: Let me just stop you and ask you, 
is this something I can do on an 8:45, it seems 
like a lot? 
MS. COLEMAN: No, Your Honor, it's not. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MS. COLEMAN: It is my motion on behalf of 
Mr. Epstein. And since the date it was filed I 
have sent repeated requests to Mr. Scarola's office 
asking for a specially set date upon which he was 
available to argue our motion. 
THE COURT: All right. 
MS. COLEMAN: Mr. Scarola refused to provide 
us dates and instead unilaterally set it before 
this court today. What was originally set before 
this court today was an issue related to our 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137632
--- PAGE 4 ---
discovery which I think would be more germane to 
the issues since you denied our protective order 
last Thursday. There is no way this can be heard 
in five minutes without belaboring the point. And 
we would respectfully request that since 
Mr. Scarola's office is not cooperating that you 
would provide a specially-set date upon which we 
can argue our Motion to Dismiss in a corporated 
memorandum of law. 
MR. SCAROLA: May I have my five minutes to 
convince you otherwise? 
THE COURT: Let me just say, I generally don't 
give dates for counsel. I don't get involved in 
scheduling. What I generally do is say you 
schedule it within a certain period of time, if you 
don't I'll schedule it. But Yes, sir. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you. May I approach the 
bench? 
THE COURT: Yes, sir. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you. 
Your Honor, this is our fourth amended 
complaint. And the fourth amended complaint makes 
two changes from the third amended complaint which 
was the subject of multiple challenges all of which 
were denied. Those two changes appear in the 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561—835-0220 
EFTA01137633
--- PAGE 5 ---
wherefore clause as to count one, and the wherefore 
clause as to count two. Both of the changes are 
identical. The prior complaint said that we 
reserved leave to assert a claim for punitive 
damages upon satisfying the statutory 
prerequisites. The amendment says 
counter-plaintiff Edwards, having satisfied the 
statutory prerequisites for the assertion of a 
claim for punitive damages and having been granted 
leave of court to assert such a claim does hereby 
also assert a claim for punitive damages. The 
factual allegations of this complaint remain 
absolutely unchanged from the repeatedly, 
unsuccessfully challenged third amended complaint. 
The Motion to Dismiss before Your Honor is 
nothing more than a motion for a reconsideration of 
Your Honor's having granted the leave to assert a 
claim for punitive damages. And the concept that 
it is necessary after having satisfied the 
statutory prerequisites to again argue all of the 
same legal issues that are being asserted once more 
that have previously been denied and to wait for
special set hearing in order to do that, I suggest 
to Your Honor, is simply a transparent attempt at 
further delaying getting this 2009 case set for 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137634
--- PAGE 6 ---
trial. That's the reason why I have been insistent 
upon dealing with this matter at an 8:45 hearing, 
because I firmly believe that when Your Honor takes 
a look at this complaint you will find that that is 
the only change and it does not warrant a special 
set hearing after Your Honor has already granted 
leave to amend to assert a claim for punitive 
damages. 
Just so that it is clear what has happened 
here, I have highlighted on both the copy I 
provided to Your Honor and the copy for opposing 
counsel each of the factual allegations that were 
supported by record evidence that allowed Your 
Honor to grant leave to assert the claim for 
punitive damages. No new factual allegations have 
been added to those that formed the basis to assert 
the claim for punitive damages to begin with. So 
that's the reason why I have asked Your Honor to 
deal with this at an 8:45, so that we can finally 
get a trial date in this 2009 case. 
Thank you, sir. 
THE COURT: Yes, ma'am. 
MS. COLEMAN: Your Honor, before I respond to 
that, respectfully I'm asking am I going to be 
compelled to argue my motion in this five minute 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137635
--- PAGE 7 ---
hearing? 
THE COURT: Well, I'll tell you what I'm going 
to do, I'm going to look at it, so if you want tc, 
you know --
MS. COLEMAN: Then I will --
THE COURT: Go ahead. 
MS. COLEMAN: Go ahead. I'm sorry. 
THE COURT: We got more than five minutes. 
MS. COLEMAN: My position is as follows, 
respectfully Mr. Scarola's opinion is just that. 
His opinion of course of his complaint is that it's 
fine, there is nothing wrong. Our position is in 
drast contravention to Mr. Scarola's opinion 
Th,
law, in our opinion, and as proved by our 
voluminous notebook with which you've been 
provided -- and for the record, we've provided over 
two hundred pages of documentation to Judge Crow in 
support of our Motion to Dismiss. The legal 
standard for pleading punitive damages under rule 
-- I'm sorry. I completely lost the paper that 7
was looking at. But the rule to plead special 
damages. I believe it's 1.210 or 1.200. It's in 
our motion -- requires heightened pleadings. So 
by -- just as an example to give Judge Crow, by his 
own admission Mr. Scarola has virtually changed 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137636
--- PAGE 8 ---
nothing in his complaint. That assertion by its 
very nature clearly goes to the fact that the 
complaint has not properly been amended to add a 
claim in punitive damages. 
And I apologize to the court, the special 
pleading requirement statute is 1.120(G) and 768.72 
of the Florida statutes, require different 
pleading. 
THE COURT: So let me stop you and make sure I 
understand you. What you're saying is that even 
though I may have given permission based upon the 
proffer made at the time of the hearing to plead 
punitive damages you still have to plead sufficient 
ultimate facts to establish punitive damage 
liability --
MR. SCAROLA: Yes, Your Honor, and the case 
law clearly supports that and based upon my 
communications with Mr. Scarola I realized that 
this was going to be a problem that could not be 
addressed in five minutes. We were going to need 
to convince you otherwise, which is again why I'm 
requesting that you allow us more time to argue 
this, because it's a very important issue, 
obviously. 
THE COURT: How much time do you need to 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137637
--- PAGE 9 ---
argue? 
MS. COLEMAN: I need at least 20 minutes to 
argue my point, Judge. 
THE COURT: I don't give 40 minute hearings. 
I only have 30 minute hearings. 
MS. COLEMAN: 15, I can do it in 15. 
THE COURT: Go ahead. 
MS. COLEMAN: You want me to argue it right 
now? 
THE COURT: I have 15 minutes. 
MS. COLEMAN: I don't have all the case law 
with me right now. We were set on a five minute 
hearing. I was coming in here to request that you 
give us a specially set hearing, Judge. If you're 
going to compel me to go forward at this exact 
moment --
THE COURT: Is the hearing about the stuff 
I've got in front of me? You know, I'm pretty 
familiar with the case law in which you've cited 
here. These are all standard cases. These are not 
unique. And so what I really want to know is what 
the factual predicate is for your motion. The case 
law is very clear. I understand the case law. I 
don't think you got any new case law in here, do 
you? 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137638
--- PAGE 10 ---
MS. COLEMAN: Any new case law from what, 
Judge? I don't know what's been submitted to you 
in the past. 
THE COURT: In support of your motion. 
MS. COLEMAN: In support of my motion, no, I 
filed it on the 18th. 
THE COURT: No, I mean, any recent cases that 
have changed the law in any manner. There is 
nothing new in the case law. What you're really 
doing is the case law as it applies to the 
allegations of this complaint presumably is what 
you're saying. 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, I am, Judge. 
THE COURT: Okay. So tell me what's wrong 
with this complaint. 
MS. COLEMAN: I'm just --
Are you making us do this argument now? 
THE COURT: I'm not making you do anything 
now. I'm sitting here, I got the thing in front 
me. I said maybe we can argue it now. You're 
telling me you're not prepared to argue the motion? 
Is that what you're saying? 
MS. COLEMAN: I was prepared for a five minute 
hearing and I'm telling you, yes, I would prefer 
to --
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137639
--- PAGE 11 ---
THE COURT: Is it something in addition to 
what's in your memorandum that you want to tell me? 
MS. COLEMAN: With the case law? No, Judge, I 
would like to be forwarded the opportunity to 
properly prepare and argue my point. I've been in 
your courtroom many, many times as you know --
THE COURT: I'm just asking a simple question. 
Is there something more than what you've outlined 
very articulately in the memorandum of motion that 
you need to argue or can I read it and understand 
it? 
MS. COLEMAN: I'm confident you can read it 
and understand it, Judge, but respectfully, the 
last couple of times we've been in here and we have 
not been permitted to outlay our argument, for 
example, the Motion for Protective Order, which v -
tried to get specially set for 15 minutes and 
Mr. Scarola would not agree, we get ruled against. 
I'm trying to do my job here. I'm trying to 
adequately present my client's position. I feel we 
have a very strong Motion to Dismiss. I'm asking 
this court to allow us the 15 minutes within which 
to argue it and to not permit 
I don't know - 
I 
don't have an --
THE COURT: When will you be ready to argue? 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137640
--- PAGE 12 ---
MS. COLEMAN: You can -- we have a UMC set for 
Wednesday morning. If you'd rather set this for 
Wednesday I'd be fine with that. 
THE COURT: I have got time today, how about 
that? I can get my calendar. Will you be prepared 
to argue it today? 
MS. COLEMAN: Judge, my office is in Broward 
and I have depositions set today. I don't know 
that I'll be able to do it today, but I'd be happy 
to do it Wednesday. 
THE COURT: Let's get you scheduled here. 
Okay. 
MS. COLEMAN: Thank you very much. 
THE COURT: Do you have the ability to look 
and see what your schedule is like right now? 
MR. SCAROLA: I have my phone here. 
THE COURT: Are you prepared to do that? 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, sir, I have my calendar 
here on my phone. 
THE COURT: Go ahead and get your calendars. 
Let's get your schedules here. You need 30 
minutes. I'm going to go ahead and get it set. 
This is one of the older cases on my -- I know 
it had some procedural hiccups, but I want to try 
and get it to the point where we can --
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137641
--- PAGE 13 ---
Can you do it at 8:00 in the morning? You 
generally don't have things scheduled at 8:00 in 
the morning. 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, sir, we have done that 
before. 
MR. SCAROLA: The only day that 8:00 would b,
a problem would be Wednesday, because I'm scheduled 
to be on a plane to Tampa Wednesday morning at 
7:00. 
THE COURT: How about Monday the 11th, 8:00? 
MS. COLEMAN: I can do that. 
THE COURT: All right. Somebody notice it. 
Okay. 
MS. COLEMAN: Judge, if you do have the time 
now --
THE COURT: We can do it at 8:15, too. 
MS. COLEMAN: That's fine. That's fine with 
me, Judge. 
THE COURT: 8:15. That will be better. 8:15 
on Monday February the 11th. 
MS. COLEMAN: Thank you, Judge. 
If you would like to address one small issue 
now that Mr. Scarola and I both agreed if we had 
time we would prefer that you address. 
You denied our Motion for Protective Order 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137642
--- PAGE 14 ---
last Thursday. 
THE COURT: Is there a motion or something? 
MS. COLEMAN: It's set on your docket for 
Wednesday, but I believe Mr. Scarola said he was 
going to bring everything if time permitted. 
MR. SCAROLA: I don't have that other file. 
THE COURT: Basically, Judge --
MR. SCAROLA: I do have --
MS. COLEMAN: I don't know that we even need a 
file for it. 
You denied our Motion for Protective Order 
last Thursday. You delineated the confidentiality 
order that you would like entered in this case and 
Mr. Scarola and I are working on different drafts 
of that. However, you did not provide in your 
order a date upon which our responses, whatever 
they may be, to Mr. Scarola's discovery would be 
due. So we had agreed 30 days from the date of 
your order we offered to Mr. Scarola thinking that 
was reasonable, but Mr. Scarola disagreed. So we 
would ask you to please give us a date upon which 
our responses to his discovery --
THE COURT: I don't remember what the 
financial requests were right now. 
MS. COLEMAN: Voluminous, over five years of 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561—835-0220 
EFTA01137643
--- PAGE 15 ---
documentation. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. SCAROLA: Your Honor, this is the 
pecuniary circumstances of discovery relating to 
punitive damages. 
THE COURT: Right. 
MR. SCAROLA: It is already past due. It's 
more than 30 days. I had suggested at the time of 
the hearing that Your Honor should include a time 
for response, because I anticipated this problem 
and I requested ten days. There was no time for 
response included in the order and opposing counsel 
has said I want 30 days from the entry of the order 
denying my motion for protective order, which would 
give them a total of in excess of 70 days to 
respond to this discovery. I believe that that's 
entirely inappropriate. The filing of a Motion for 
Protective Order does not relieve them of the 
obligation to prepare and be ready to submit the 
discovery in a timely fashion if the motion is 
denied. So my request is that ten days from today, 
which is now one week beyond where it was before, 
that discovery response be submitted. That's the 
request I made. 
There is an ancillary issue. And if I :(.1; 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137644
--- PAGE 16 ---
approach, Your Honor? 
THE COURT: Sure. 
MR. SCAROLA: This is a copy of the order that 
Your Honor entered. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. SCAROLA: And Your Honor outlined what you 
believed the appropriate terms of a confidentiality 
order to be. I drafted a proposed confidentiality 
order that exactly tracks the language in Your 
Honor's order and I submitted it to opposing 
counsel and they have not agreed to that 
confidentiality order, which is no surprise, 
because it's one more way in which they will 
attempt to delay the response to the discovery that 
we are seeking. I would ask Your Honor to 
simply --
I don't believe that after Your Honor's 
already entered the order that outlines all the 
confidentiality provisions that another order is 
necessary, but you contemplated another order, so I 
would ask Your Honor to enter the confidentiality 
order that you said would be appropriate. 
MS. COLEMAN: Your Honor, I have not even read 
that. It was e-mailed on Friday and I e-mailed 
Mr. Scarola back right away -- and I can prove this 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561—835-0220 
EFTA01137645
--- PAGE 17 ---
if I have to. I haven't had an opportunity to 
review it yet, much less send it to my client or my 
co-counsels --
THE COURT: Well, what it is is a bullet point 
of exactly what I said. 
MS. COLEMAN: I understand what it is, Your 
Honor, but --
THE COURT: Well, is there something you want 
more than in my order? 
MS. COLEMAN: I haven't read it. Yes, Judge, 
there -- no, I would like to have it say what you 
say in your order, but there may be --
This is our protective order, Your Honor. 
This is to protect Mr. Epstein, my client. While I 
appreciate Mr. Scarola's constant opinions of the 
law and what should be submitted, it's my client. 
I should at least at a minimum have a right to 
review it and edit it if I believe it's necessary. 
I'm not adding -- I don't anticipate adding 
anything that the court hasn't delineated in its 
order, but I think it's incumbent upon me as 
counsel of record for Mr. Epstein to at a minimum 
be able to review a confidentiality order that's 
going to order by Mr. Scarola's own constant words, 
a billionaire, to disclose all of his financial 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561—835-0220 
EFTA01137646
--- PAGE 18 ---
information absent, you know, something being in 
place that we need to review. And especially given 
the situation of what's going on in other 
litigations between these parties. 
THE COURT: Well, I guess what I'm asking 
is -- I mean, I outlined everything that I thought 
was necessary in my order. And what I'm asking - 
certainly you've read my order. 
MS. COLEMAN: I've read your order, Judge. 
have not read Mr. Scarola's proposed 
confidentiality order. 
THE COURT: I'm not asking about the 
confidentiality order. I'm going to ask you about 
my order. What in addition to what I put in the 
order would you want? 
MS. COLEMAN: Judge, I read your order 
Thursday afternoon. I don't remember. I wasn't 
prepared to discuss the confidentiality order this 
morning. I wasn't told it was going to be heard. 
I wasn't told that Mr. Scarola was going to present 
you with a copy of what he had drafted. 
THE COURT: Okay. I'll get you an order out. 
Okay. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you very much, Your Honcr . 
THE COURT: Have a great day. 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137647
--- PAGE 19 ---
MR. SCAROLA: Thanks. 
MS. COLEMAN: An order regarding the discovery 
due date or --
THE COURT: Yeah. And whether or not I'm 
going to require a confidentiality order and, I 
mean -- basically -- I mean, I'm looking at my 
order and what I -- I couldn't tell you what I was 
thinking, but I spelled out everything that I 
thought was necessary and only if you thought 
something more then I was going to allow you to do 
something different, but -- or less. 
MS. COLEMAN: Respectfully, Judge, in my 
granted less limited experience than Mr. Scarola in 
the legal arena, if an issue arises with this 
confidentiality order we were trying to place the 
burden not on you purportedly drafted the 
confidentiality order by nature of your order, but 
rather having an agreed to confidentiality order 
between the parties that you would merely sign 
rather than using your court order and asking you 
to rule on exactly what you just said, what you 
meant at the time you drafted it. 
THE COURT: Okay. I'm not sure what I'm going 
to do, but I'll get you an order out here today. 
Okay. 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137648
--- PAGE 20 ---
MS. COLEMAN: Thank you, Judge. 
MR. SCAROLA: And I would respond to that if I 
had any idea at all what she just said. So I have 
no response. 
THE COURT: Excuse me? 
MR. SCAROLA: I said I would respond to that 
if I had any idea at all what it is she just said, 
but I don't. 
THE COURT: Thank you. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Have a great day. 
MR. SCAROLA: And you too, sir. 
(Proceedings concluded at 9:18 a.m.) 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137649
--- PAGE 21 ---
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER 
I, Sara Storey, Florida Professional 
Reporter, State of Florida at Large, certify that I wa 
authorized to and did stenographically report the 
foregoing proceedings and that the transcript, page 1 
through 20, is a true and complete record of my 
stenographic notes. 
Dated this 4th day of February 2013 in Palm 
Beach County, Florida. 
CA&CA 
Ate`cy 
Sara Storey, 
Florida Professionsij Reporter 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137650
--- PAGE 22 ---
Page 1 
A 
ability12:14 
able12:9 17:23 
absent18:1 
absolutely 5:13 
add8:3 
added6:16 
adding17:19,19 
addition11:1 
18:14 
address 13:22,24 
addressed8:20 
adequately 11:20 
admission :25 
afternoon18:17 
agree11:18 
agreed13:23 14:18 
16:11 19:18 
ahead7:6,7 9:7 
12:20,22 
al2:7 
allegations 5:12 
6:12,15 10:11 
allow8:22 11:22 
19:10 
allowed6:13 
amend6:7 
amended4:21,22,23 
5:14 8:3 
amendment 5:6 
ancillary15:25 
anticipate 17:19 
anticipated 15:10 
apologize8:5 
appear4:25 
APPEARANCES2:1 
applies10:10 
appreciate 17:15 
approach4:17 16:1 
appropriate 16:7 
16:22 
arenal9:14 
argue3:20 4:8 
5:20 6:25 8:22 
9:1,3,8 10:20,21 
11:5,10,23,25 
12:6 
argument10:17 
:15 
arises19:14 
articulately11:9 
asked6:18 
asking3:19 6:24 
11:7,21 18:5,7 
18:12 19:20 
assert 5:4,10,11 
5:17 6:7,14,16 
asserted5:21 
assertion5:8 8:1 
attemptS:24 16:14 
authorized21:6 
available3:20 
a.m1:16,16 20:13 
B 
back16:25 
based8:11,17 
basically14:7 
19:6 
basis6:16 
Beach1:2,17,18 
2:8,8 21:12 
behalf2:2,7 3:16 
belaboring4:4 
believe6:3 7:22 
14:4 15:16 16:17 
17:18 
believed16:7 
bench4:18 
better13:19 
beyond15:22 
billionaire 17:25 
Boulevard2:8 
BRADLEY1:8 
bring14:5 
Broward12:7 
bullet17:4 
burden19:16 
C 
C3:1 
calendar 12:5,18 
calendars12:20 
casel:2 5:25 6:20 
8:16 9:11,19,22 
9:23,24 10:1,9 
10:10 11:3 14:13 
cases9:20 10:7 
12:23 
certain4:15 
certainly18:8 
CERTIFICATE 21:1 
certify21:5 
challenged5:14 
challenges4:24 
change6:5 
changed7:25 10:8 
changes4:23,25 
5:2 
CIRCUIT1:1,1 
circumstances 15:4 
cited9:19 
claim5:4,9,10,11 
5:18 6:7,14,17 
8:4 
clause5:1,2 
clear6:9 9:23 
clearly8:2,17 
client 17:2,14,16 
client's11:20 
COLEMAN3:3,7,14 
3:16,22 6:23 7:5 
7:7,9 9:2,6,8,11 
10:1,5,13,16,23 
11:3,12 12:1,7 
12:13,18 13:4,11 
13:14,17,21 14:3 
14:9,25 16:23 
17:6,10 18:9,16 
19:2,12 20:1 
coming 9:13 
communications 
8:18 
compel 9:15 
compelled6:25 
complaint 4:22,22 
4:23 5:3,12,14 
6:4 7:11 8:1,3 
10:11,15 
complete21:8 
completely7:20 
concept 5:18 
concluded20:13 
confident11:12 
confidentiality 
14:12 16:7,8,12 
16:19,21 17:23 
18:11,13,18 19:5 
19:15,17,18 
constant 17:15,24 
contemplated 16:20 
contravention 7:13 
convince4:11 8:21 
cooperating4:6 
copy3:8 6:10,11 
16:3 18:21 
corporated4:8 
counse14:13 6:12 
15:12 16:11 
17:22 
count 5:1,2 
counter-plaintiff 
5:7 
County 1: 2, 17, 18 
21:12 
couplo11:14 
course 7:11 
court1:1 3:6,11 
3:15,21,24,25 
4:12,19 5:10 
6:22 7:2,6,8 8:5 
8:9,25 9:4,7,10 
9:17 10:4,7,14 
10:18 11:1,7,22 
11:25 12:4,11,14 
12:17,20 13:10 
13:12,16,19 14:2 
14:7,23 15:2,6 
16:2,5 17:4,8,20 
18:5,12,22,25 
19:4,20,23 20:5 
20:9,11 
Courthouse1:17 
courtroom 1:17 
11:6 
co-counsels17:3 
Crow1:14 7:17,24 
D 
D3:1 
damage 8:14 
damages 5:5,9,11 
5:18 6:8,15,17 
7:19,22 8:4,13 
15:5 
date3:17,19 4:7 
6:20 14:16,18,21 
19:3 
Dated21:11 
dates3:23 4:13 
DAVID1:14 
day13:6 18:25 
20:11 21:11 
days14:18 15:8,11 
15:13,15,21 
dea16:19 
dealing6:2 
Defendantsl:9 2:7 
delay16:14 
delaying5:25 
delineated 14:12 
17:20 
denied4:2,25 5:22 
13:25 14:11 
15:21 
Denney2:7 
denying15:14 
depositions 12:8 
different8:7 
14:14 19:11 
disagreed14:20 
disclose17:25 
discovery4:1 
14:17,22 15:4,16 
15:20,23 16:14 
19:2 
discuss18:18 
Dismiss4:8 5:15 
7:18 11:21 
Dixie1:17 
docket 14:3 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137651
--- PAGE 23 ---
Page 2 
documentation 7:17 
3:1 
doIng10:10 
drafted16:8 18:21 
19:16,22 
drafts14:14 
drast 7:13 
due14:18 15:7 
19:3 
E':1,1 
edIt17:18 
Edwards1:8 5:7 
enter16:21 
entered14:13 16:4 
_6:18 
entirely15:17 
entry15:13 
Epsteinl:4 3:17 
17:14,22 
especially18:2 
ESQUIRE2:5,10 
establish8:14 
et2:7 
evidence6:13 
exact9:15 
exactly16:9 17:5 
19:21 
example7:24 11:16 
excess15:15 
Excuse3:3 20:5 
experience 19:13 
e-mailed16:24,24 
F 
fact 8:2 
facts8:14 
factua15:12 6:12 
6:15 9:22 
familiar9:19 
fashion15:20 
February1:15 
13:20 21:11 
feel 11:20 
FIFTEENTH1:1 
file 14:6,10 
filed3:17 10:6 
filing15:17 
finally6:19 
financia114:24 
17:25 
find6:4 
fine7:12 12:3 
13:17,17 
firmly6:3 
first3:4 
five4:4,10 6:25 
7:8 8:20 9:12 
10:23 14:25 
FL2:4, 8 
Florida1:2,18,22 
8:7 21:4,5,12,20 
follows 7:9 
foregoing21:7 
formed6:16 
Fort2:4 
forward9:15 
forwarded11:4 
fourth4:21,22 
FPR 1:21 
Friday16:24 
front9:18 10:19 
further 5:25 
G 
G3:1 
generally 4:12,14 
13:2 
germane4:1 
getting 5:25 
give3:7 4:13 7:24 
9:4,14 14:21 
15:15 
given8:11 18:2 
giving3:8 
go7:6,7 9:7,15 
12:20,22 
goes8:2 
going6:24 7:2,3 
8:19,20 9:15 
12:22 14:5 17:24 
18:3,13,19,20 
19:5,10,23 
Good3:10 
grab3:5 
grant6:14 
granted5:9,17 6:6 
19:13 
great18:25 20:11 
guess18:5 
H 
Haddad2:3,5 3:10 
happened6:9 
happy12:9 
heard4:3 18:19 
hearing1:13 5:23 
6:2,6 7:1 8:12 
9:13,14,17 10:24 
15:9 
hearings9:4,5 
heightened7:23 
hiccups12:24 
highlighted 6:10 
Highway1:17 
Honor3:14 4:21 
5:15,24 6:3,6,11 
6:14,18,23 8:16 
15:3,9 16:1,4,6 
16:15,21,23 17:7 
17:13 18:24 
20:10 
HONORAELE1:13 
Honor's5:17 16:10 
16:17 
hundred7:17 
I 
idea20:3,7 
identical5:3 
Losportant8:23 
inappropriate 3:9 
15:17 
include15:9 
included15:12 
incumbent17:21 
individually1:7,E 
information 18:1 
insistent6:1 
involved4:13 
issue3:25 8:23 
13:22 15:25 
19:14 
issues4:2 5:21 
J1:8 
JACK2:10 
JEFFREY1:4 
job11:19 
Judge1:14 3:10 
7:17,24 9:3,14 
10:2,13 11:3,13 
12:7 13:14,18,21 
14:7 17:10 18:9 
18:16 19:12 20:1 
JUDICIAL1:1 
K 
know7:4 9:18,21 
10:2 11:6,23 
12:8,23 14:9 
18:1 
L 
Lakes2:8 
language16:9 
Large21:5 
Landerdale2:4 
law ::9 7:14 8:17 
9:11,19,23,23,24 
10:1,8,9,10 11:3 
17:16 
leave5:4,10,17 
6:7,14 
legal 5:21 7:18 
19:14 
Let's12:11,21 
liability8:15 
limIted19:13 
litigations 18:4 
look6:4 7:3 12:14 
looking7:21 19:6 
lost7:20 
lot3:13 
making10:17,18 
manner10:8 
matter 6:2 
ma'am 6:22 
mean10:7 18:E 
meant19:22 
memorandum4:9 
11:2,9 
mep@soarcylaw.com 
2:9 
merely19:19 
minimwm17:17,22 
minute6:25 9:4,5 
9:12 10:23 
minutes4:4,10 7:8 
8:20 9:2,10 
11:17,22 12:22 
moment3:3 9:16 
Monday1:15 13:10 
13:20 
morning3:10 12:2 
13:1,3,8 18:19 
motion3:16,20 4:8 
5:15,16 6:25 
7:18,23 9:22 
10:4,5,21 11:9 
11:16,21 13:25 
14:2,11 15:14,17 
15:20 
multiple4:24 
N3:1 
nature8:2 19:17 
necessary5:19 
16:20 17:18 18:7 
19:9 
need3:4 8:20,25 
9:2 11:10 12:21 
14:9 18:2 
new6:15 9:24 10:1 
10:9 
North1:17 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137652
--- PAGE 24 ---
Page 3 
notebook3:4 7:15 
notes3:5,6,8 21:9 
notice13:12 
NO.502009CA040... 
1:2 
O 
03:1 
obligation 15:19 
obviously8:24 
offered14:19 
office 3:18 4:6 
:7 
Okay3:15 10:14 
12:12 13:13 15:2 
16:5 18:22,23 
19:23,25 
older12:23 
once5:21 
opinion 7:10,11,13 
7:14 
opinions17:15 
opportunity 11:4 
17:1 
opposing6:11 
15:12 16:10 
order4:2 5:23 
11:16 13:25 
14:11,13,16,19 
15:12,13,14,18 
16:3,8,9,10,12 
16:18,19,20,22 
17:9,12,13,21,23 
17:24 18:7,8,9 
18:11,13,14,15 
18:16,18,22 19:2 
19:5,7,15,17,17 
19:18,20,24 
originally3:24 
outlay11:15 
outlined11:8 16:6 
:6 
outlines16:18 
P 
page3:4 21:7 
pages7:17 
Palm1:2,17,18 2:8 
2:8 21:11 
paper7:20 
parties18:4 19:19 
pecuniary15:4 
period4:15 
permission8:11 
permit 11:23 
permitted11:15 
14:5 
phone12:16,19 
place18:2 19:15 
Plaintiffl:5 2:2 
plane13:8 
plead7:21 8:12,13 
pleading7:19 8:6 
8:8 
pleadings7:23 
please14:21 
point4:4 9:3 11:5 
12:25 17:4 
position 7:9,12 
11:20 
predicate9:22 
prefer10:24 13:24 
prepare11:5 15:19 
prepared10:21,23 
12:5,17 18:18 
prerequisites 5:6 
5:8,20 
present11:20 
18:20 
presumably 10:11 
pretty9:18 
previously5:22 
prior5:3 
problem8:19 13:7 
15:10 
procedural 12:24 
proceedings 20:13 
21:7 
Professional1:22 
21:4,20 
proffer8:12 
properly8:3 11:5 
proposed16:8 
18:10 
protect17:14 
protective4:2 
11:16 13:25 
14:11 15:14,18 
17:13 
prove16:25 
proved7:14 
provide3:22 4:7 
14:15 
provided6:11 7:16 
7:16 
provisions 16:19 
punitive 5:4,9,11 
5:18 6:7,15,17 
7:19 8:4,13,14 
15:5 
purportedly 19: 16 
put 18:14 
P.A2:3 
question11:7 
R 
R3:1 
read3:6 11:10,12 
16:23 17:10 18: 
18:9,10,16 
ready11:25 15:19 
realized8:18 
really9:21 10:9 
reason6:1,18 
reasonable14:20 
reconsideration 
5:16 
record6:13 7:16 
17:22 21:8 
refused3:22 
regarding19:2 
related3:25 
relating15:4 
relieve15:18 
remain 5:12 
remember14:22 
18:17 
repeated3:18 
repeatedly 5:13 
report 21:6 
Reported1:21 
Reporter1:22 21:1 
21:5,20 
request 4:5 9:13 
15:21,24 
requested15:11 
requesting 8:22 
requests3:18 
require 12:7 19:5 
requirement 8:6 
requires7:23 
reserved5:4 
respectfully 4:5 
6:24 7:10 11:13 
19:12 
respond6:23 15:16 
20:2,6 
response 15:10,12 
15:23 16:14 20:4 
responses 14:16,22 
review 17:2,18,23 
IP:2 
right3:21 9:8,12 
12:15 13:12 
14:24 15:6 16:25 
7:17 
ROTHSTEIN1:7 
rule 7:19,21 19:21 
ruled11:18 
S 
S3:1 
Sara1:21 21:4,19 
satisfied5:7,19 
satisfying5:5 
sayIng8:10 10:12 
10:22 
says5:6 
Scarola2:7,10 3:8 
3:22 4:10,17,20 
7:25 8:16,18 
11:18 12:16 13:6 
13:23 14:4,6,8 
14:14,19,20 15:3 
15:7 16:3,6,25 
18:20,24 19:1,13 
20:2,6,10,12 
Scarola's3:18 4:6 
7:10,13 14:17 
17:15,24 18:10 
schedule 4:15,16 
12:15 
scheduled12:11 
13:2,7 
schedules12:21 
scheduling4:14 
SCOTT1:7 
SE2:3 
Searcy2:7 
see12:15 
seeking16:15 
send17:2 
sent3:18 
set3:19,23,24 
5:23,25 6:6 9:12 
9:14 11:17 12:1 
12:2,8,22 14:3 
sign19:19 
simple11:7 
simply5:24 16:16 
sir4:16,19 6:21 
12:18 13:4 20:12 
sitting10:19 
situation18:3 
sma1113:22 
Somabody13:12 
sorry3:4 7:7,20 
specia15:23 6:5 
7:21 8:5 
specially3:19 
9:14 11:17 
specially-set4:7 
spalled19:8 
standard7:19 9:20 
State21:5 
statute8:6 
statutes8:7 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137653
--- PAGE 25 ---
Page 4 
statutory 5:5,8,20 
stenographic21:9 
stenographically 
1:21 21:6 
stop3:11 8:9 
Storey 1 : 21 21:4 
21:19 
Street 2:3 
strong 11:21 
stuff 9:17 
subject 4:24 
submit 15:19 
submitted 10 :2 
15:23 16:10 
17:16 
sufficient 8:13 
suggest 5:23 
suggested 15:8 
support 7:18 10:4 
10:5 
supported 6 :13 
supports8:17 
sure 8:9 16:2 
19:23 
surprise 16:12 
T 
take 3:5 
takes 6:3 
Tampa 13:8 
te117:2 10:14 
11:2 19:7 
telling10:21,24 
ten 15:11,21 
terms 16:7 
Thank4:17,20 6:21 
12:13 13:21 
18:24 20:1,9,10 
Thanks 19:1 
thing10:19 
things13:2 
think4:1 9:24 
17:21 
thinking 14:19 
19:8 
third4:23 
5:14 
thought 18:6 19:9 
19:9 
Thursday 4:3 14:1 
14:12 18:17 
time4:15 8:12,22 
8:25 12:4 13:14 
13:24 14:5 15:8 
15:9,11 19:22 
timely 15:20 
times 11:6,14 
today3:24,25 12:4 
12:6,8,9 15:21 
19:24 
told18:19,20 
Tonja 2 : 7, 5 7:10 
TONJA@TONJAHAD 
. 
total _5:15 
tracks16:9 
transcript 21:7 
transparent 5:24 
tria16:1,20 
tried11 :17 
true 21:8 
try 12:24 
trying11:19,19 
19:15 
two4:23,25 5:2 
7:17 
U 
ultimate8: 14 
UMC 12 : 1 
unchanged 5 : 13 
understand8:10 
9:23 11:10,13 
17:6 
unilaterally 
3: 23 
unique 9:21 
unsuccessfully 
5:14 
V 
virtually 7:25 
voluminous 7:15 
14:25 
vs 1:6 
W 
wait 5:22 
want3:7 7:3 9:8 
9:21 11:2 12:24 
15:13 17:8 18:15 
warrant 6:5 
wasn't 18:17, 19,20 
way4:3 16:13 
Wednesday 12:2,3 
12:10 13:7,8 
14:4 
week15:22 
West 2:8 
we've 7:16 11:11 
wherefore5:1, 1 
words _7:24 
working 14:1:
wouldn't 3:7 
wrong - :12 10:1 
Y 
Yeah19:4 
years14:25 
17:20 21:7 
1.120(G) 8:6 
1.200 7:22 
1.210 7:22 
llth13:10,20 
159:6,6,10 11: 
11:22 
18th10:6 
9:2 21:8 
20095:25 6:20 
20131:15 21:11 
2051:17 
21392:8 
309:5 12:21 1 
15:8,13 
3152:3 
33301 2:4 
334092:8 
41:15 
4th 21:11 
9:4 
561.686.6300::
7th 2:3 
7:0013:9 
7015:15 
768.72 8:6 
8:00 13:1,2, 6, 10 
8:1513:16,19,19 
8:453:12 6:2,19 
9C1:17 
9:011:16 
9:18 1:16 20:13 
954.467.12232:4 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01137654

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137655.pdf
----------------------------------------
Trip Cost 
Estimate (ICE) 
UNIVERSALL. 
TCE442063 
E-Mail Communication 
Hyperion Air Inc. 
Larry Visoski 
Florida International Airport 
3800 Southern Blvd Ste 204 
West Palm Beach, FL 33406 
Dear Larry Visoski: 
Thank you for your request for a cost estimate for Universal services for your proposed trip (Trip 
Number: 114095611) scheduled for a departure date of 22 November 2014 (aircraft registration number 
N212JE). The following is an estimate of fees for specified services for the given itinerary. These fees 
are based on an average of past invoices Universal has received in conjunction with trips involving 
similar aircraft and location and do not reflect actual current prices which third parties may charge. In 
addition, please note that if your itinerary or schedule changes, this estimate will change. 
Note: This is an estimate only and is not intended for billing purposes. All fees are in US dollars. 
ITINERARY: KTEB-LFPB-GMMX-TIST 
FLEX PLAN 
22-Nov-I4 LEG1: KTEB - LFPB 
SECTION 1 - GROUND SERVICES FACILITATION 
Units Total Units 
Amount 
Operational Flight Plan 
Operational Weather Briefing 
Ground Handling 
Ground Transportation 
Section 1 Total 
700.00 
APIS 
SUPPORTING SERVICES 
25.00 
Supporting Services Total 
25.00 
Qty. / Gallons 
Cost 
Total 
02014 Unissol WeeMI oftakitiot vc 
rase Id 3 
034$3454 
11/17/20U 
EFTA01137655
--- PAGE 2 ---
Trip Cost Estimate, continued 
THIRD PARTY - SERVICES FACILITATION 
Otv. / Gallons 
Cost 
Total 
Fuel in LFPB 
5.34 
.00 
Handling 
1250.00 
Landing 
400.00 
Nav Fee for Nat Enroute Charge 
50.00 
Navigation Fee 
1040.00 
Nav Fee for Shanwick Navigation 6 Radio Charge 
180.00 
Nav Fee for Denmark/Iceland 
120.00 
Parking per day 
670 
1340.00 
UWA Admin Fee 
548.00 
Third Party Total 
4,928.00 
LEG1 TOTAL 
5,653.00 
24-Nov-14 LEG2: LFPB - GMMX 
SECTION I - GROUND SERVICES FACILITATION 
Units Total Units 
Amount 
Operational Flight Plan 
Operational Weather Briefing 
Ground Handling 
Section 1 Total 
615.00 
SECTION 2 - PERMIT FACILITATION 
Qty. Total Oty. 
Amount 
Landing Permit - Morocco 
Section 2 Total 
THIRD PARTY - SERVICES FACILITATION 
Qty. / Gallons 
Cost 
250.00 
Total 
Fuel in GMMX 
2.93 
.00 
Handling 
700.00 
Landing 
500.00 
Navigation Fee 
1330.00 
Parking per day 
50.00 
UWA Admin Fee 
323.00 
Third Party Total 
2,903.00 
LEG2 TOTAL 
3,768.00 
25-Nov-14 LEG3: GMMX - TEST 
Units Total Units 
Amount 
SECTION I - GROUND SERVICES FACILITATION 
Operational Flight Plan 
Operational Weather Briefing 
US Customs 
Section 1 Total 
445.00 
SUPPORTING SERVICES 
Otst./ Gallons 
Cost 
Total 
APIS 
25.00 
Supporting Services Total 
25.00 
02014 Wield MOINE OnDerotio•InC 
WS-T$345-0 
eUNIVERSALke
T
m~gasma 
Pap 2 ci 3 
11/17/2014 
EFTA01137656
--- PAGE 3 ---
Trip Cost Estimate, continued 
THIRD PARTY - SERVICES FACILITATION 
Ckv. / Gallons 
Cost 
Total 
Navigation Fee 
1090.00 
UNA Admin Fee 
136.00 
Third Party Total 
1,226.00 
LEG3 TOTAL 
1,696.00 
Total Price: 
11,117.00 
This is an estimate only, not a quote and therefore is only an approximate calculation of the 
probable costs of the trip specified. After the trip, you will be invoiced as bills are received in 
accordance with Universal's then current published price list. 
This is an estimate of the charges involved for the services specified. This does not include 
additional services, itinerary or schedule changes. 
Sincerely, 
Fredrick Quinonez 
Trip Cost Estimator 
Universal Weather and Aviation, Inc. 
Ph: 
Fx: 
N212JE 
O2014 Wield Mai onflootio• K. 
WS-T$345-0 
akt
UNIVERSAle.
T I
WE
IOPIOSSASIS 
Pap 3 
of 3 
11/12/2011 
EFTA01137657

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137658.pdf
----------------------------------------
PWRW&G LLP DRAFT 2/5/13 
February 
2013 
Jeffrey Epstein 
[Address] 
Re: 
Estate Planning Service Letter 
Dear Jeffrey: 
You have been collaborating with the undersigned, Leon Black, regarding estate planning 
matters in respect of Mr. Black's assets and estate (the "Estate Planning"). The purpose 
of this letter agreement (this "Agreement") is to set forth the terms upon which you will 
continue to provide and implement services in connection with the Estate Planning to and 
for the benefit of Mr. Black. 
1. 
Services to be Provided. You shall provide to Mr. Black services 
deemed appropriate by you and Mr. Black in connection with the Estate Planning (the 
"Services"). 
2. 
Fees. In consideration for providing the Services, Mr. Black shall 
pay to you a total of twenty-three million five hundred thousand dollars ($23,500,000), 
payable as follows: (i) fifteen million dollars ($15,000,000) in February of the calendar 
year 2013 on such day as Mr. Black shall determine in his sole discretion, and (ii) eight 
million five hundred thousand dollars ($8,500,000) on such day occurring in fourth 
quarter of the calendar year 2013 as Mr. Black shall determine in his sole discretion; 
provided, however, that Mr. Black shall be obligated to make the payments described in 
clauses (i) and (ii) only if after consulting with his legal and other advisors, Mr. Black, in 
his sole discretion, is satisfied with the efficacy of the Estate Planning. 
3. 
Confidentiality. You agree that any and all information obtained 
in performing the Services will be held in strictest confidence and will not be used by you 
or disclosed to any person, except in the course of performing the Services in furtherance 
of the Estate Planning. 
4. 
Indemnification. Mr. Black agrees to indemnify you and hold you 
harmless against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, damages and third party expenses 
arising out of or relating to the Services (except for any claim, liability, loss, damage or 
expense arising out of or resulting from any action or failure to act by you that constitutes 
fraud, bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct on your part). You hereby agree 
to advise Mr. Black of any such liability or claim promptly after receipt of the notice 
thereof, specifying the facts constituting the basis for such claim and the amount, to the 
extent known, of the claim asserted; provided, however, that your right to 
Doctf: USI:8297150v4 
EFTA01137658
--- PAGE 2 ---
indemnification hereunder shall not be limited by your failure to promptly advise Mr. 
Black of any such liability or claim, except to the extent that Mr. Black is prejudiced by 
such failure. Mr. Black may, at his option, assume and take over the control of the 
defense and settlement of such liability or claim, at his sole cost and expense with 
counsel of his choice; provided, that Mr. Black shall not be entitled to assume or control 
the defense of a liability or claim if the interests of you and Mr. Black with respect to 
such liability or claim are in conflict with one another and, as a result, one firm of 
attorney could not represent your interests and his interests in connection with such 
claim. If Mr. Black assumes the defense of such liability or claim, you may participate in 
the settlement or defense thereof, at your sole expense through counsel chosen by you, 
but Mr. Black shall control the defense and settlement thereof. You may not pay, settle 
or compromise any liability or claim for which you may claim an indemnification right 
hereunder without Mr. Black's prior written consent. You shall act in good faith in 
responding to, defending against, settling or otherwise dealing with any such claim or 
liability, and cooperate in any such defense and give Mr. Black reasonable access to all 
information relevant thereto. 
5. 
No Investment Advice. Mr. Black acknowledges and agrees that 
in connection with the Services, you neither are acting in any way as an "investment 
advisor", as such term is defined in and interpreted in accordance with the provisions of 
the Investment Advisors Act of 1940, as amended, the regulations promulgated 
thereunder, and the interpretive releases issued in connection therewith, nor holding 
yourself out in any way whatsoever as being engaged in any business which directly or 
indirectly provides advice, recommendations, publications, writings, reports or analyses 
regarding any matter or thing which might cause you to be deemed an "investment 
advisor" as such term is so defined. Mr. Black further acknowledges and agrees that no 
part of the Services constitutes any advice, recommendations, publications, or writings 
whatsoever regarding: (a) the value of securities or the advisability of investing in, 
purchasing, or selling securities, (b) the relative advantages or disadvantages of investing 
in securities in general as compared to other investments; (c) any other matters relating to 
any specific securities or securities in general; (d) the selection of investment managers, 
or investment funds or entities; or (e) the allocation of certain percentages of assets to 
specific classes of securities, investment funds, or investment managers; or (f) any other 
activities matters similar to those set forth in clauses (a) through (e) above. 
6. 
Miscellaneous. This Agreement and any disputes hereunder shall 
be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New 
York, other than principles of law that would apply the law of another jurisdiction. Any 
dispute arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be submitted to a 
confidential arbitration in New York, New York, administered by Judicial Arbitration & 
Mediation Services ("JAMS") or its successor, in accordance with JAMS rules and 
procedures then in effect. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior understandings, 
agreements or representations by or between the parties hereto or their affiliates, written 
or oral, with respect to such subject matter. This Agreement may not be amended, 
waived, modified or supplemented other than in writing by both parties hereto. This 
Doctf: USI:8297150v4 
EFTA01137659
--- PAGE 3 ---
Agreement (including the rights and obligations hereunder) shall not be assignable by 
either party except with the prior written consent of such other party hereto. 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
Doctf: USI:8297150v4 
EFTA01137660
--- PAGE 4 ---
If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please sign, date and return one copy of this 
Letter Agreement. 
Very Truly Yours, 
Leon Black 
Agreed to and Accepted this 
day of February 2013 : 
Jeffrey Epstein 
[Signature Page to Estate Planning Service Letter Agreement] 
EFTA01137661

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137662.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137662

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137663.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Tue, 18 Nov 2014 02:56:03 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: hallway.jpg; 262993294b.jpg; Getlnline.jpg 
hi jeffrey, 
..i tried to reproduce in photoshop the goldleaf but it is complicate to do it. the goldleaf has reflections and i 
cannot do that effect in computer. you can see the first picture attached.. 
maybe better do the samples directly on the wall in a corner.., put the goldleaf on molding and the pinkish 
venetian plaster on the wall.., or same if using crayon chalk.., and if we don't like we can easily cover that with 
paint.. 
in the picture you've sent me, everything, except the painting, looks like marble or faux marble .. 
should i try sample on the wall or wait for you..maybe you are coming tomorrow? 
thank you, 
ion 
Date: Sat, 15 Nov 2014 13:12:23 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
i think it shoudl be non foraml more crayon chalk, pencil . like the last photo that i sent 
On Sat, Nov 15, 2014 at 1:03 PM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
hi jeffrey, 
i wanted to show you these pictures attached for other ideas.. 
so we could do something like in the first three picture attached using venetian plaster eventual other 
colors. 
or use some of that blue gray color of the column and the gold leaf like the forth picture attached., 
check please the other pictures too. 
i am at the house now. i will call you in a few minutes or you can call me 
thank you, 
ion 
EFTA01137663
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137664

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137665.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137665

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137666.pdf
----------------------------------------
P 
‘ k
• 
• 
EFTA01137666

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137667.pdf
----------------------------------------
•••.- AT&T cs 
10:50 PM 
PHOTO 
L / IN J 
likes 
etter late than never 
dimondoworidwide &AL& 
Q 
O 
EFTA01137667

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137668.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Creative Universe
To: Jee <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: he, do you want a competitive advantage? Early bird tickets - 2 weeks to go 
Date: Tue, 18 Nov 2014 03:58:19 +0000 
Creative Innovation 2015 
View 
Pn I 
fin is 
Creative Subscribe 
• Creative Innovation 2015 Asia Pacific 
3-25 March, Sofitel Melbourne On Collins, Australia 
• 40+ global speakers, 2 day conference, 15 master classes, 
eep conversation, hot spots, gala dinner and grand debate 
• Deep Conversation tickets start at $125 & Master Classes at 
$220 
• Deadline extended! 10 scholarships to Ci2015 for emerging 
innovation leaders across all sectors. 
Visit 
for more information 
Is disruption a threat to your 
organisation? 
Disruption is undoubtedly the greatest commercial and cultural threat all 
organisations will face over the next 5 years. Cl2015 will help you create a 
future action plan to adapt to industry disruptors, and ensure your business 
remains relevant. Rethink your current business model and unveil areas for 
growth. Lead your company through creative disruption into competitive 
advantage and sustainable growth. 
'lease see Program at a Glance for more information 
EFTA01137668
--- PAGE 2 ---
weeks before Early Bird ends 
Save up to $615 by booking your tickets before November 30 
2014 
Don't miss out! Redeem this special offer now 
Ci2015 Scholarships deadline 
extended! 
We are searching for the most outstanding emerging leaders, 
disruptors and innovators from across Australia who are creating 
the future. 
EFTA01137669
--- PAGE 3 ---
The Ci2015 scholarships are provided to emerging leaders to prepare them 
for the challenges of tomorrow and help them access key decision makers 
across society and the economy. 
Scholarship winners receive: 
• A full place for the entire C12015 event 
• The opportunity to present their vision for the future in the 
conference program and on the website 
• A 60 second speaking spot during the main conference program 
Click here to apply!
Applications close Sunday, 30th November 2014 
Ci2015 Partnership Opportunities 
We are delighted that ANZ is our Leadership Partner for the C ed Lye 
Innovation 2015 Asia Pacific. We would also love to co-create and partner 
with your organisation for Ci2015. This is a great way to showcase your 
creativity and innovation strategy to clients, and provide professional 
learning and development to your leaders and emerging talent in a world 
class forum. If you are Interested In becoming a partner for Ci2015, please 
or 
Creative Innovation TV (CiTV) 
At Ci2012, the US futurist Dr Thomas Frey (USA) gave us a glimpse of the 
future with teacherless education, the nature of the steel industry, and 
printable houses. He said that 2 billion jobs would disappear by 2030. He 
also noted some technologies that need to be developed such as control 
gravity and flash dark. 
EFTA01137670
--- PAGE 4 ---
Watch the wonderful Thomas Frey in his presentation at Creative Innovation 
2012 to discover how you can add to your current way of thinking and 
manage disruption. 
11—
www.creativeinnovation.tv 
;.b.; 
Live Innovation TV 
r
orate E 
i
ha
- 
t delegates think 
r 
your early bird tickets before Nov 30 for big savings! 
te;',Proudly supported by ;,,proudly supported 
Register online 
Creative Universe 
by ANZ 
,Branding by: Saltree 
Forward to a friend I Update profile I Unsubsbribe I View email in browser 
EFTA01137671

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137672.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tonja Haddad Coleman < 
To: "Mar E. Pirrotta" 
"Brad Edwards 
Debbie Fein 
Subject: Epstein v. Edwards 
Date: Tue, 05 Feb 2013 20:15:23 +0000 
Attachments: BE_Response_to_3rdinterrog,s_and_2d_Doc_Prod_Requests_with_no_extra_docs_copy.pd 
f; Discovery_Letter Edwards.PDF 
Please see attached. Thank you. 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
TONiA HADDAD, P.A. 
Advocate Building 
315 SE 7th Street 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(954) 467-1223 
(954) 337-3716 facsimile 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information. It is intended only for the use of the person(s) named above. If 
you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review. dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If 
you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message. 
EFTA01137672

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137673.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137673.pdf
----------------------------------------
TONJA HADDAD, PA 
315 SE 7th Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
February 5. 2013 
Via US and Electronic Mail 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Searcy Denney a al. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Re: 
Epstein v. Edwards a al. 
Mr. Scarola: 
telephone 
inanoi
Please provide dates within the next ten (10) days upon which we may appear at Mr. 
Edwards's office and copy and inspect all items as delineated by you in your Response 
to Mr. Epstein's Second Request to Produce dated December 9, 2011; to wit: items 
responsive to Requests Number 5, 8, and 9. Copies of the Requests and your Responses 
are attached hereto for your review. 
Additionally, in your response to Plaintiffs Third Set of Interrogatories to Mr. Edwards, 
also dated December 9, 2011, you responded to Question 4 by stating that Steve Jaffe, 
Gary Farmer, Seth Lehrman, Former Federal Judge Paul Cassell, and Earleen Cote are 
all witness whom have knowledge of the damages allegedly suffered by Mr. Edwards 
that he seeks to recover in this action. As such, please provide several dates upon which 
you are available in February and early March upon which we may set these 
depositions. A copy of the interrogatories and your Responses thereto are likewise 
attached for your review. We are willing to accommodate Mr. Edwards's former boss 
and his current partners by setting the depositions at their respective offices should that 
make it more convenient for them. 
Finally, we wish to set the continuation of Mr. Edwards's deposition within the next 
month, so please provide dates upon which you are available for same. Thank you. 
Sincerely, 
TONJA HADDAD, PA 
/2 
„e
Tonja Haddad Coleman 
for the firm 
cc: 
Parties on Service List 
EFTA01137673

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137674.pdf
----------------------------------------
PWRW&G LLP DRAFT 2/5/13 
February 
2013 
Jeffrey Epstein, President 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Re: 
Estate Planning Service Letter 
Dear Jeffrey: 
You, on behalf of Southern Trust Company, Inc., a Virgin Islands corporation ("STC"), 
have been collaborating with the undersigned, Leon Black ("Mr. Black") and Debra 
Black (together with Mr. Black, "Mr. and Mrs. Black"), regarding estate planning matters 
in respect of Mr. and Mrs. Black's respective assets and estates (the "Estate Planning"). 
The purpose of this letter agreement (this "Agreement") is to set forth the terms upon 
which you, on behalf of STC, will continue to provide and implement services in 
connection with the Estate Planning to and for the benefit of Mr. and Mrs. Black. The 
Services you provide to Mr. and Mrs. Black may also relate to their respective heirs, 
issue, personal representatives, affiliated trusts, partnerships, limited partnerships, and 
limited liability companies, and any other entities affiliated with either or both of Mr. and 
Mrs. Black (collectively, "Affiliates"). 
1. 
Services to be Provided. STC shall provide to Mr. and Mrs. Black 
services deemed appropriate by you and Mr. Black in connection with the Estate 
Planning (the "Services").
2. 
Fees. In consideration for providing the Services, Mr. and Mrs. 
Black shall pay to STC a total of twenty-three million five hundred thousand dollars 
($23,500,000), due payable as follows: (i) fifteen million dollars ($15,000,000) shall be 
due and payable on February 8, 2013, and (ii) eight million five hundred thousand dollars 
($8,500,000) shall be due and payable on October 15, 2013; provided, however, that Mr. 
and Mrs. Black shall be obligated to make the payments described in clauses (i) and (ii) 
only if after consulting with their legal and other advisors, Mr. Black, in his sole 
discretion, is satisfied with the efficacy of the Estate Planning. All payments shall be 
made by wire transfer to STC's account in accordance with wire transfer instructions 
provided by you to Mr. Black. 
3. 
Confidentiality. You and STC agree that any and all information 
obtained in performing the Services will be held in strictest confidence and will not be 
Doctf: USI:8297150v4 
EFTA01137674
--- PAGE 2 ---
used by you or STC or disclosed to any person, except in the course of performing the 
Services in furtherance of the Estate Planning. 
4. 
Disclaimer of Representations, Warranties and Guarantees. Each 
Mr. and Mrs. Black, for and on behalf of himself or herself, and for and on behalf of his 
or her Affilaites, hereby acknowledges and agrees as follows: 
(a) 
Neither you (for purposes of this Section 4 and Sections 5 and 6 
hereof, the term "you" being deemed to mean Jeffrey Epstein and all employees, 
representatives, agents, and entities affiliated with Jeffrey Epstein) nor STC has any 
authority to, nor shall you or STC, bind any of Mr. and Mrs. Black or any Affiliates 
thereof, in contract or otherwise, or make any decisions or take any actions whatsoever 
on behalf of any of Mr. and Mrs. Black or any Affiliates thereof, under this Agreement, 
and neither you nor STC is serving in any fiduciary capacity whatsoever to, for or on 
behalf of any of Mr. and Mrs. Black or any Affiliates thereof. 
(b) 
The use of any and all information and materials obtained in 
connection with the Services is at the sole risk of Mr. and Mrs. Black and the Affiliates 
thereof, and each of Mr. and Mrs. Black, and each Affiliate thereof, assumes the full risk 
and responsibility for any and all actions and decisions taken, or omitted to be taken, by 
or on behalf of any of Mr. and Mrs. Black or any Affiliates thereof, in connection with 
the Services and any and all information and materials obtained in connection with the 
Services. 
(c) 
The Services are provided without warranty of any kind, and each 
of you and STC hereby expressly disclaim all representations, warranties, and guarantees 
with respect to the Services and all information and materials provided by you and STC 
in connection therewith, whether express or implied or statutory, including, but not 
limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, of satisfactory quality, of fitness for 
a particular purpose and of accuracy. 
(d) 
Neither you nor STC will under any circumstances be liable to any 
of Mr. and Mrs. Black or any Affiliates thereof for any loss that any of Mr. and Mrs. 
Black or any such Affiliates may incur as a result of any decisions or actions taken, or 
omitted to be taken, in connection with the Services and any and all information or 
materials obtained in connection with the Services. 
(e) 
In no event shall you or STC be liable for any injury, or any 
incidental, special, indirect or consequential damages whatsoever, including, without 
limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption or other commercial 
damages or losses, arising out of or related to the Services or the use or failure to use any 
information or materials provided in connection with the Services, however caused, 
regardless of the theory of liability (contract, tort or otherwise), and even if you or STC 
has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 
5. 
Indemnification. (a) Each of Mr. and Mrs. Black and each of the 
Affiliates thereof agrees to indemnify you and STC and hold you and STC harmless 
Doctf: USI:8297150v4 
EFTA01137675
--- PAGE 3 ---
against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, damages, costs, fees and expenses 
(including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements, but 
excluding the ordinary business and operating expenses incurred by STC in performing 
the Services) arising out of, or relating to, or connected with the Services (except for any 
claim, liability, loss, damage, cost, fee or expense arising out of, or resulting from, any 
action or failure to act by you that constitutes fraud, bad faith or willful misconduct on 
the part of you or STC). 
(a) 
You and/or STC, as the case may be, shall advise Mr. Black of any 
such claims, liabilities, losses, damages, costs, fees or expenses promptly after receipt of 
notice thereof, specifying, to the extent known, the facts constituting the basis therefor 
and the amount asserted to be owed with respect to the same; provided, however, that 
your right to indemnification hereunder shall not be limited by your failure to promptly 
advise Mr. Black of any such liability or claim, except to the extent that Mr. Black is 
prejudiced by such failure. 
(b) 
The coverage of the indemnification and hold harmless provided 
for in this Section 5 includes, without limitation, claims, causes of action, liabilities, 
losses, damages, fees, costs and expenses asserted against you and/or STC by any of Mr. 
and Mrs. Black or any Affiliates thereof, arising out of, relating to, or connected with, the 
Services. 
(c) 
Mr Black may, at his option, assume and take over the control of 
the defense and settlement of any such liability or claim, at his sole cost and expense with 
counsel of his choice (subject to any reasonable objections to such choice of counsel 
asserted by you and/or STC, as the case may be); provided, that Mr. Black shall not be 
entitled to assume or control the defense of a liability or claim if the interests of you 
and/or STC, on the one hand, and any of Mr. and Mrs. Black or any Affiliates thereof, on 
the other hand, with respect to such liability or claim are in conflict with one another and, 
as a result, one firm or attorney could not represent both your interests and the interests of 
Mr. and Mrs. Black or such Affiliates, in connection with such claim. If Mr. Black 
assumes the defense of such liability or claim, you and/or STC may participate in the 
settlement or defense thereof, at your sole expense through counsel chosen by you, and, if 
you participate, control of the defense and settlement thereof shall be subject to the 
mutual agreement of all parties participating in such defense. Neither you nor STC nor 
Mr. Black may pay, settle or compromise any liability or claim for which you may claim 
an indemnification right hereunder without the prior consent of all the parties 
participating in the defense of such liability or claim. Each of you, STC and Mr. Black 
shall act towards each other in good faith in responding to, defending against, settling or 
otherwise dealing with any such claim or liability, and cooperate in any such defense and 
give the other parties participating in such defense reasonable access to all information 
relevant thereto. 
6. 
No Investment Advice. Each of Mr. and Mrs. Black, for and on 
behalf of himself or herself, and for and on behalf of his or her Affiliates, acknowledges 
and agrees that in connection with the Services, neither you nor STC are acting in any 
way as an "investment advisor", as such term is defined in and interpreted in accordance 
Doctf: USI:8297150v4 
EFTA01137676
--- PAGE 4 ---
with the provisions of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940, as amended, the regulations 
promulgated thereunder, and the interpretive releases issued in connection therewith, and 
neither you nor STC are holding yourself out in any way whatsoever as being engaged in 
any business which directly or indirectly provides advice, recommendations, 
publications, writings, reports or analyses regarding any matter or thing which might 
cause you to be deemed an "investment advisor" as such term is so defined. Each of Mr. 
and Mrs. Black, for and on behalf of himself or herself, and for and on behalf of his or 
her Affiliates, further acknowledges and agrees that no part of the Services constitutes 
any advice, recommendations, publications, or writings whatsoever regarding: (a) the 
value of securities or the advisability of investing in, purchasing, or selling securities, (b) 
the relative advantages or disadvantages of investing in securities in general as compared 
to other investments; (c) any other matters relating to any specific securities or securities 
in general; (d) the selection of investment managers, or investment funds or entities; or 
(e) the allocation of certain percentages of assets to specific classes of securities, 
investment funds, or investment managers; or (f) any other activities matters similar to 
those set forth in clauses (a) through (e) above. 
7. 
Seprate Signature Pages. Each of the Affiliates of Mr. and Mrs. 
Black by executing a separate signature page of this Agreement acknowledges and agrees 
to be subject to and bound by the provisions of Section 4, 5 and 6 hereof 
8. 
Notices. All notices, requests, permissions or other 
communications which any party hereto may be required or desire to give to any other 
party hereto under this Agreement must be in writing and sent by (a) first class U.S. 
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, with postage prepaid, (b) telecopy, 
facsimile or email (with a copy sent by first class U.S. certified or registered mail, return 
receipt requested, with postage prepaid), or (c) express mail or courier (for either same 
day or next Business Day delivery). A notice or other communication sent in compliance 
with the provisions of this Section 8 shall be deemed given and received on (x) the third 
(3rd) Business Day following the date it is deposited in the U.S. mail, (y) the date of 
confirmed dispatch if sent by facsimile, telecopy or email (provided that a copy thereof is 
sent by mail the same day in the manner provided in clause (b) above), or (z) the date it is 
delivered to the other party's address if sent by express mail or courier. 
All notices, requests, permissions and other communications to you and STC shall be 
addressed to: 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Facsimile No.: 
email: 
Attention: 
Mr. Jeffrey E. Epstein, President 
Doctf: USI:8297150A 
EFTA01137677
--- PAGE 5 ---
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to Seller): 
Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Facsimile No.: 
email: 
All notices, requests, permissions and other communications to Mr. and Mrs. Black shall 
be addressed to: 
Apollo Management 
West 57th Street, 43rd Floor 
New York, NY 10019 
Facsimile No.: 
email: 
Attention: Mr. Leon Black 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to Seller): 
Any party hereto may designate another addressee or change his, her or its address for 
notices and other communications hereunder by a notice given to the other parties hereto 
in the manner provided in this Section 8. 
9. 
Miscellaneous. This Agreement and any disputes hereunder shall 
be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the United States 
Virgin Islands, without application of principles of law that would apply the law of 
another jurisdiction. Any dispute arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement 
shall be submitted to a confidential arbitration in New York, New York, administered by 
Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services ("JAMS"), or its successor, in accordance with 
JAMS rules and procedures then in effect. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any 
prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto or 
their affiliates, written or oral, with respect to such subject matter. This Agreement may 
not be amended, waived, modified or supplemented other than in writing by all the 
parties hereto. This Agreement (including the rights and obligations hereunder) shall not 
be assignable by any party except with the prior written consent of the other parties 
hereto. 
Doctf: USI:8297150v4 
EFTA01137678
--- PAGE 6 ---
If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please sign, date and return one copy of this 
Letter Agreement. 
Very Truly Yours, 
Leon Black 
Debra Black 
Agreed to and Accepted this 
day of February 2013 : 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
By: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
[Signature Page to Estate Planning Service Letter Agreement] 
EFTA01137679
--- PAGE 7 ---
LETTER DATED FEBRUARY 
, 2013 FROM LEON BLACK AND DEBRA 
BLACK TO JEFFEY EPSTEIN, PRESIDENT, SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, 
INC. 
RE: 
ESTATE PLANNING SERVICE LETTER 
In accordance with Section 7 of that certain letter dated February 
2013 from 
Leon Black and Debra Black to Jeffrey Epstein, President, Southern Trust Company, 
Inc., regarding Estate Planning Services provided by Southern Trust Company, Inc. to 
Mr. and Mrs. Black (the "Estate Planning Service Letter"), the undersigned affiliate of 
Leon Black and/or Debra Black hereby acknowledges and agrees to be subject to and 
bound by the provisions of Sections 4,5 and 6 of the Estate Planning Service Letter. 
Name of Affiliate: 
Address: 
Name of Signatory: 
Title of Signatory: 
Signature: 
Doctf: USI:8297150v4 
EFTA01137680

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137681.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" <MI
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: The, 18 Nov 2014 06:26:27 +0000 
Attachments: ATT00001.txt; IMG_0001.JPG 
Bench,steel, Maria Pergay, 1970 
EFTA01137681

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137682.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ariane de Rothschild 
EFTA01137682

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137683.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137683

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137684.pdf
----------------------------------------
ettlitt1 U.5000 OCX4-11' 
Vtik.a, • 
bco.A do/Ail Irby cveZcts
to‘
t•
Li 
w O45, t> SIWNA
• 
NM  
IINCOLAIGA. 
e ,
cetz 
‘..1.9vakow 
w tkt6wio 
?LINK WA ow ick.1  \--c.ckr& • 
000 kea4. eel • ts-AK 
. 
-4a.Loe 
ock • ro 
goams.12.. Co e.k• cD0-....eQcs• 
EFTA01137684

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137685.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137685

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137686.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137686

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137687.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137687

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137688.pdf
----------------------------------------
0.••••....e. Jo.« -.6
u.......
EFTA01137688

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137689.pdf
----------------------------------------
rarma 
aa 
a 
a 
eaa 
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
s 
a 
a 
a 
" a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
,q40„ 
e
41.b- 
-40;• 
et.  
it
' 
"Ilion 
I 
EFTA01137689

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137690.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137690

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137691.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137691

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137692.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137692

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137693.pdf
----------------------------------------
a......-
EFTA01137693

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137694.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137694

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137695.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137695

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137696.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137696

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137697.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137697

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137698.pdf
----------------------------------------
it 
EFTA01137698

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137699.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137699

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137700.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" <MI
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 18 Nov 2014 06:29:30 +0000 
Attachments: ATT00001.txt; ATT00002.txt; ATT00003.txt; IMG_0002.JPG; IMG_0003.JPG; 
IMG 0004.JPG 
EFTA01137700

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137701.pdf
----------------------------------------
1/ sofa Vladimir Kagan , fabric to be cuter 
2/ Vladimir Kagan 1953 
3/ console ,palissandre ,Gio Ponti 1950 
Ariane de Rothschild 
EFTA01137701

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137702.pdf
----------------------------------------
kty 
EFTA01137702

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137703.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137703

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137704.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137704.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137704

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137705.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Tue, 18 Nov 2014 06:57:59 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_0005.jpg; IMG_0006.jpg; IMG_0007.jpg; IMG_0008.jpg; IMG_0009 jpg; 
IMG_0010.jpg 
EFTA01137705
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01137706
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01137707
--- PAGE 4 ---
I 
EFTA01137708
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01137709
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA01137710
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA01137711

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137712.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" <MI
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 18 Nov 2014 08:59:07 +0000 
Attachments: ATT00001.txt; ATT00002.txt; ATT00003.txt; IMG_0005.JPG; IMG_0006.JPG; 
IMG 0007.JPG 
EFTA01137712

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137713.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ariane de Rothschild 
EFTA01137713

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137714.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137714

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137715.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137715

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137716.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137716

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137717.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137717.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Jan 2013 13:10:13 +0000 
Attachments: Responsibilities.docx 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137717

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137718.pdf
----------------------------------------
Everyday is different depending on location and travel schedule. A lot of what this 
position entails is being very organized and intuitive to what JE's needs/wants may 
be. You must be very flexible and able to travel at a moments notice. 
If traveling from one of JE's properties to another: 
Let the pilots know what day and time wheelsup will be, how many passengers and 
how much luggage is going to the plane. 
Organize transportation for all passengers to get the airport 
Inform the house staff in both locations of JE's departure time, airport, FBO and 
arrival time, airport, FBO as well as how many people and luggage will be arriving 
with him so they can plan transport accordingly. 
Organize plane snacks for the trip; make sure it includes all of JE's current food 
trends; muffins, ginger drink, butter spray, jerky, etc.. 
Keep track of his schedule and meetings, and make sure to remind him ahead of 
time as well as confirming appointments a day in advance. You should make sure to 
get all necessary numbers and emails from Lesley in order to do so. 
If traveling to a hotel, be sure to pack a bag with JE's clothes and cosmetics, enough 
of his preferred food to last the length of the stay, request a fan in the room. 
You need to be able to book flights, cars, hotels for both JE and guests. We have been 
utilizing AmEx's travel service which can handle booking all of the above for us and 
has worked quite well. 
You need to keep track of JE's passport making sure it is up to date, apply for any 
necessary travel visas to foreign countries, make sure you all get any vaccinations 
recommended for the countries visited. 
Make sure the get an local currency for countries you may be visiting, Euros, 
Pounds, etc.. 
JE travels with a black bag where ever he goes which contains all of his essentials; 
wallet, passport, cash, medicines, ipad, computer, chargers, eye glasses, papers. You 
need to allows do a check of this bag before leaving the house for travel to ensure all 
of these items are present as well as ask him what papers he wishes to take with 
him. 
You should have some basic photo shop skills as well as printing skills for photos 
which can be easily learned if computer proficient 
Sometimes projects require outsourcing a print job if it's too large for our printer in 
NY. 
This position requires a lot of shopping for household items,(linens, towels, 
cosmetics, medicines, office supplies) gifts, clothes for JE, furniture, art, etc 
JE has several corporate/guest apts which need to be managed; making sure they 
are cleaned and in order before each guest arrives, that they are properly stocked 
with fresh linen, toiletries, cleaning supplies, that everything is in working order. 
EFTA01137718
--- PAGE 2 ---
You need to keep track of household staff schedules and days off owed. 
Keep track of and submit all receipts for purchases to accountant 
Schedule renovations and interior work needed in houses and apartments; paint, 
bathroom and kitchen renovations, purchase furniture. 
EFTA01137719

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137720.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137720.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" <MI
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 18 Nov 2014 08:59:37 +0000 
Attachments: ATT00001.txt; ATT00002.txt; ATT00003.txt; ATT00004.txt; ATT00005.txt; IMG_0009.JPG; 
IMG_0010.JPG; IMG_0011.JPG; IMG_0012.JPG; IMG_0013.JPG 
EFTA01137720

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137721.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ariane de Rothschild 
EFTA01137721

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137722.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137722

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137723.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137723

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137724.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137724

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137725.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137725

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137726.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
.....____ 
EFTA01137726

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137727.pdf
----------------------------------------
i 
is 
EFTA01137727

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137728.pdf
----------------------------------------
sri 
EFTA01137728

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137729.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137729.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
Flt. 1hENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800)OOOO,4BAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
RE-NOTICE OF HEARING 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that the undersigned has called up for hearing the 
following: 
DATE: 
February 4, 2013 
TIME: 
8:45 a.m. 
JUDGE: 
Honorable David F. Crow 
(Palm Beach County Courthouse) 
PLACE: 
205 N. Dixie Highway, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
ROOM #: 
9-C 
SPECIFIC MATTERS TO BE HEARD: 
Motion to Dismiss Fourth Amended Counterclaim 
EFTA01137729
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800)0OcXMBAG 
Re-Notice of Hearing 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 
day of  \-104 
, 2013. 
JACK S AROLA 
Florid/ tar No.: 169440 
Prii
o
Mf 
E-mail: jsx@searcylaw.com 
fei.ndary E-mail(s): mep@searcylaw.com 
pearey Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach F 
'da 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorney or BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
EFTA01137730
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800300044.4BAG 
Re-Notice of Hearing 
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
jgoldberger®agwpa.com; 
smahoney®agwpa.com 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esquire 
bje.efde®pathtojustice.com; 
staftefile@pathtojusfice.com 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, FL 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fred Haddad, Esquire 
Dee®FredHaddadLaw.com; 
haddadfm®aol.com 
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik, Esquire 
marc®nurildaw.com 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
Lilly Ann Sanchez, Esquire 
lsanchez®thelsfirm.com 
The L-S Law Finn 
1441 Brickell Avenue, 15th Floor 
Miami, FL 33131 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
tonja®tonjahaddad.com; 
Debbie®Tonjahaddad.com 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01137731
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800X-XXXMBAG 
Re-Notice of Hearing 
"If you are a person with a disability who needs any accommodation in 
order to participate in this proceeding, you are entitled, at no cost to 
you, to the provision of certain assistance. Please contact Krista Garber, 
Americans with Disabilities Act Coordinator, at least 7 days before your 
scheduled court appearance, or immediately upon receiving this 
notification if the time before the scheduled appearance is less than 7 
days; if you are hearing or voice impaired, call 711." 
"Si 
usted 
es 
una 
persona 
minusvalida 
que 
necesita 
algiin 
acomodamiento para poder participar en este procedimiento, usted 
tiene derecho, sin tener gastos propios, a que se le provea cierta ayuda. 
Tenga la amabilidad de ponerse en contacto con Krista Garber 
Americans with Disabilities Act Coordinator, por lo menos 7 dias antes 
de la cita fijada para su comparecencia en los tribunales, o 
inmediatamente despues de recibir esta notificacion si el tiempo antes de 
la comparecencia que se ha programado es menos de 7 dias; si usted 
tiene discapacitackin del oido o de la voz, Ilame al 711." 
"Si ou se yon moun ki enfim ki bezwen akomodasyon pou w ka patisipe 
nan pwosedi sa, ou kalifye san ou pa gen okenn lajan pou w peye, gen 
pwovizyon pou jwen kek ed. Tanpri kontakte nan 7 jou anvan dat ou 
gen randevou pou paret nan tribinal la, oubyen imedyatman apre ou fin 
resevwa konvokasyon an si le ou gen pou w paret nan tribinal la mavens 
ke 7 jou; si ou gen pwoblem pou w tande oubyen pale, rele 711." 
EFTA01137732

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137733.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800)OOOCMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
RE-NOTICE OF HEARING 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that the undersigned has called up for hearing the 
following: 
DATE: 
February 6, 2013 
TIME: 
8:45 a.m. 
JUDGE: 
Honorable David F. Crow 
(Palm Beach County Courthouse) 
PLACE: 
205 N. Dixie Highway, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
ROOM it: 
9-C 
SPECIFIC MATTERS TO BE HEARD: 
Motion to Compel Discovery 
Moving counsel certifies that he or she contacted opposing counsel and attempted to 
resolve the discovery dispute without hearing. 
EFTA01137733
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA0408003COCOMAG 
Re-Notice of Hearing 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this  
► 
 day of  \\U LU:4'4(2013.
JACK C 
OLA 
Flo 
No.: 169440 
P • 
-mail: jsx®searcylaw.com 
dary E-mail(s): mep@searcylaw.com 
y Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorney or BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
EFTA01137734
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA04080C0OCCCvlBAG 
Re-Notice of Hearing 
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
jgoldberger@agwpa.com; 
smahoney®agwpa.com 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esquire 
bje.efile®pathtojustice.com; 
staff.efile®pathtojustice.com 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, FL 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Fred Haddad, Esquire 
Dee®FredHaddadLaw.com; 
haddadfm®aol.com 
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik, Esquire 
raarc®nurildaw.com 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
Lilly Ann Sanchez, Esquire 
Isanchez®thelsfirm.com 
The L•S Law Firm 
1441 Brickell Avenue, 15th Floor 
Miami, FL 33131 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
tonja®tonjahaddad.com; 
Debbie®Tonjahaddad.com 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01137735
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800)OOONBAG 
Re-Notice of Hearing 
"If you are a person with a disability who needs any accommodation in 
order to participate in this proceeding, you are entitled, at no cost to 
you, to the provision of certain assistance. Please contact Krista Garber, 
Americans with Disabilities Act Coordinator, at least 7 days before your 
scheduled court appearance, or immediately upon receiving this 
notification if the time before the scheduled appearance is less than 7 
days; if you are hearing or voice impaired, call 711." 
"Si usted 
es 
una 
persona 
minusvitlida 
que 
necesita 
algtin 
acomodamiento para poder participar en este procedimiento, usted 
tiene derecho, sin tener gastos propios, a que se le provea cierta ayuda. 
Tenga la amabilidad de ponerse en contacto con Krista Garber 
Americans with Disabilities Act Coordinator, por lo menos 7 dias antes 
de la cita fijada pan su comparecencia en los tribunales, o 
inmediatamente despues de recibir esta notificacion si el tiempo antes de 
la comparecencia que se ha programado es menos de 7 dias; si usted 
tiene discapacitacion del ofdo o de la voz, Ilame al 711." 
"Si ou se yon moan ki enfim ki bezwen akomodasyon pou w ka patisipe 
nan pwosedi sa, ou kalifye san ou pa gen okenn lajan pou w peye, gen 
pwovizyon pou jwen lc& id. Tanpri kontakte nan 7 jou anvan dat ou 
gen randevou pou park nan tribinal la, oubyen imedyatman apre ou fin 
resevwa konvokasyon an si le ou gen pou w park nan tribinal la mwens 
ke 7 jou; si ou gen pwoblem pou w tande oubyen pale, rele 711." 
EFTA01137736

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137737.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137737

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137738.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137738

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137739.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
IN"--4.. 
EFTA01137739

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137740.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "'Jeffrey Epstein"' 9eevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Jan 2013 22:45:09 +0000 
Attachments: DSC 5773.JPG 
Hello ! 
Where are you now and when in paris? 
I am in this city for the next 2-3 years, studying for my bar exam + being super good girl. No boys or parties at all, only 
studying, to become a smart and a big one... 
Kind regards, 
Ps: where am I at the picture? ;) 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [nailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Envoys : jeudl 30 ao0t 2012 23:26 
A . 
Objet : Re: 
of course have her email me on the 7th 
On Thu, Aug 30, 2012 at 5:13 PM, 
hi Jeffrey 
wrote: 
my friend 
who is in Columbia law school, would like to meet you, she is in NY now. Are you interested ? 
She just arrived from paris, would be cool if you can present her some girlfriends maybe such as 
She is a brilliant girl, with high distinctions in all subjects and very kind heart 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137740

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137741.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
EFTA01137741

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137742.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137742

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137743.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137743

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137744.pdf
----------------------------------------
Formatted Name 
kimberly sexton 
Categories 
Email • Internet, Work, Pref 
Name 
kimberly sexton 
Telephone Number • Cell, Pref 
Telephone Number • Cell 
VCard Version 
3.0 
X-ABUID 
A7A14667-2633-4E33-A6B1-9A028D3C0A64:ABPerson 
EFTA01137744

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137745.pdf
----------------------------------------
/A 
EFTA01137745

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137746.pdf
----------------------------------------
Urn
EFTA01137746

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137747.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137747

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137748.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137748

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137749.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137749

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137750.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137750

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137751.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137751

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137752.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Education of a "Petit Prince" for All of Our Children 
Introduction 
In the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, the future kings of France, such as Francis I and the 
young Louis XIV, received a well-rounded, liberal education to prepare them for their future 
roles. They learned Latin, Italian, English, French, and were active in all of the arts. They were 
well-versed in the Latin classics as well as in the literature of their day. They were 
knowledgeable in mathematics and science. Practicing sports and the martial arts, they were 
accomplished public speakers and could express themselves eloquently in writing. 
Why has the ideal of the princely education for our young rulers of the past all but disappeared 
for our children among educators today? 
Shouldn't each child be educated as a "Little Prince," including all aspects of education which 
molded the "Renaissance man"? Education today, unfortunately, is all too often throttled by 
premature specialization. 
1. 
Opening the mind to all kinds of intelligence 
• Rational common sense and sensitivity. Education today focuses much too much on 
turning out future specialists and technicians. It should, on the contrary, prepare our "Little 
Prince" to be well-integrated in society and capable of adapting to the changes of the twenty-first 
century. 
• Theory and application. Education today is far too theoretical. It must become more 
in tune with real solutions in the real world. 
• Opening to other cultures and foreign languages. Speaking foreign languages is 
indispensible in opening oneself to other cultures. The learning of foreign languages should 
begin early, together with the learning of one's native language. Formulating one's thoughts in 
another language contributes greatly, in itself, to a child's intellectual acuity. 
• Learning from others. In the real world, the "Little Prince" must learn not only from 
his teacher but also from all inter-personal relationships. 
2. 
Practicing the "basics" as well as acquiring high-tech skills 
A firm grasp of the basics in nature and science goes hand-in-hand with mastering state-of-the-
art technology. Both together are essential in cultivating the imagination and encouraging 
creativity. 
EFTA01137752
--- PAGE 2 ---
• Respecting "Mother Nature:" the "Little Prince" must become actively involved in 
saving the planet and wary of the ravages of short-term measures in ecology. 
• Becoming conscious of the repeating cycles in nature and living harmoniously 
within them: a healthy balance between the sciences and philosophy. 
WEAK, PERHAPS TO BE ELIMINATED? 
-The seasons: a cyclical concept of time, between natural observation and poetry, wisdom, 
Buddhism... 
-The four elements in ancient Greece: air, earth, water, and fire; the fifth element in China: 
wood. 
.Birth, life and death 
• Mastery of the body: the human body as a measure of life and the world. Leonardo da 
Vinci's concept of the body. The "Little Prince" must become aware of his own body and strive 
for both physical strength and beauty. 
• Familiarity with digital technology: learning arithmetic, geometry, the use of 
computers, mastery of visual imagery in photography and video technology; becoming 
conscious of the place of the individual in space and the cosmos. 
3. 
Developing IlICITIOI'V 
Submerged in a sea of easy access to information through technology, modern man tends to 
forget the works of humanity. Through modem pedagogy, the "Little Prince" must learn to 
develop his own memory. 
• Learning by acting: theatre, cinema, dance. Every school must become a center for 
learning in the arts. 
• Learning through the recognition and comparison of images: art history. Opening 
the mind of the "Little Prince" to an "imaginary museum" of the history and art of past and 
present civilizations. 
• Developing a clear notion of pivotal periods in world history and memorizing 
important dates: acquiring a global vision of history and awareness of events marking social 
change throughout the world. 
• Learning by heart the important texts from all great civilizations 
EFTA01137753
--- PAGE 3 ---
• Learning the rules of grammar 
4. 
Learning by creating 
Education today must not lose sight of its ultimate goal — namely, helping our "Little Prince" to 
become a conscious future member of society. A child realizes himself as a person in working 
with both his mind and his hands. 
• Developing a critical sense by comparing great doctrines, philosophies, and 
religions: The "Little Prince" must evolve within a non-sectarian world which refuses all 
theocratic systems — a world which, nonetheless, permits him to compare different systems of 
thought and religion. This, needless to say, presupposes an in-depth study of the history of great 
doctrines, philosophies, and religions. 
• Learning by being in contact with artists: Our "Little Princes" must be initiated to all 
of the arts: music, song, sculpture, theater, cinema, photography, drawing, architecture, poetry, 
and dance. The artist must be welcome in the classroom, working together harmoniously with 
the teacher. 
• Educating through project development: The "Little Prince" must learn in 
developing his own projects. This, in itself, is certainly one of the most ambitious pedagogical 
reforms for the twenty-first century. Instead of learning by rote and repetition, the "Little 
Prince" must learn by hands-on involvement in his own projects. He must finally present his 
projects to the public and accept their being evaluated. 
Learning through projects stimulates the acquisition of all basic skills. The "Little 
Prince" must learn to work as a member of a team on group projects. This training is 
indispensable for his future work as an adult. 
5. 
Self-expression and communication 
• Oral expression: Acting and singing are important in learning to be listened to and 
understood. The "Little Prince" must learn to work with his peers in small groups. 
• Communication: listening, debating, speaking convincingly, and mastering the art of 
dialectics 
• Learning foreign languages: at least two foreign languages as of age 3 or 4. 
Developing new methods for learning languages which focus on everyday communication rather 
than literature. Training language teachers in these new methods. Inviting children of the target 
language into the classroom. 
• Mastering high-tech tools in communication: intemet, television, photography, 
cinema, and video. Our "Little Prince" must become a journalist and reporter, an observer, 
EFTA01137754
--- PAGE 4 ---
someone who dares to express himself, a critic, and someone who can clearly state his position —
in short, a citizen of the world. 
6. 
Learning step-by-stew 
• Personalized step-by-step learning: a key issue 
Our "Little Prince" must be at ease in the world as an individual as well as a member of society. 
Learning must be adapted personally to his individual strengths and weaknesses — acceleration 
where possible and more time spent on what he finds difficult. Training must be adapted to his 
individual needs in function of his age. However, his training must, nonetheless, be organized in 
reaching recognizable milestones. Our "Little Prince" must master the given skills of each phase 
before passing on to the next. He must not skip any of the linking steps in the learning process. 
• Starting at an early age: kindergarten 
Our "Little Prince" should get used to going to school as early as possible. Spending a part of 
the day outside the family "independently" is an essential step in growing up. Giving under-
privileged children a "head-start" in school may often avoid later setbacks. Giving everyone an 
equal chance to succeed must become a basic democratic principle in all education. 
• Three strategic ages 
The "Little Prince" at eleven: He already understands and speaks two foreign languages (one of 
which should be English), as well as his native language. He can read and write in his native 
language. He has mastered the basics in arithmetic. He is at ease at the computer. He can do 
searches on the intemet. He can paint, sculpt, sing, and play at least one instrument. He can 
recite poetry by heart. He can swim and run. 
The "Little Prince" at fourteen: He has already had several stays abroad for practicing his 
foreign languages. He is beginning to write short essays. He has chosen an area of literary and 
artistic expression. He is at ease in math and science. He is autonomous on the intemet. He can 
compile a dossier on a particular subject. He is able to organize his work by himself under 
occasional supervision. He practices a specific sport, either group or individual. 
The "Little Prince" at eighteen: A young adult, he has already spent a year abroad participating 
in an exchange-program. He speaks one foreign language fluently and can manage in one or 
more others. He can express himself clearly in writing in his native language as well as in his 
first foreign language. He can make oral presentations and participate in public debates. He can 
work alone independently. He can work together with teachers who have become his mentors. 
He has chosen a subject of research and specialization, literary or scientific. He has an idea of 
what he would like to do professionally later in life. He has overcome the physical and 
psychological strains of adolescence. 
EFTA01137755
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01137756

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137757.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137757

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137758.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: FS for DB12.31.2015 
Date: Wed, 20 Jan 2016 17:29:25 +0000 
Attachments: 20160120124416129.pdf 
attached are financial statements that jeanne prepared and i review 
please note they do not include any personal accounts / assets @lanes, jewelry) therefore do not tie to monthly 
reports i prepare 
please advise if ok to send to DB 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Jeanne" < 
Subject: FS for DB12.31.2015 
Date: January 20, 2016 at 12:16:42 PM EST 
To: "'Richard Kahn" 
From: Richard Kahn imailto 
Sent: Wednesday, January 20, 2016 11:56 AM 
To: Jeanne Brennan < 
Subject: lets review my comments - thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax
cell 
EFTA01137758
--- PAGE 2 ---
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Message from KMBT_C253 
Date: Janus 
20, 2016 at 10:24:37 AM EST 
To: 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01137759

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137760.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137760.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
FINANCIAL REPORT 
As Of December 31, 2015 
EFTA01137760
--- PAGE 2 ---
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
(and subsidiaries) 
Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholder's Equity 
Income Tax Basis 
as of December 31, 2015 
ASSETS 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Due from brokers 
Marketable securities, at cost 
$ 
110,803,961 
3,568,533 
19,080,787 
Total current assets 
$ 
133,453,281 
Fixed Assets 
488,922 
Other assets 
Investment in partnerships, tax basis 
8,175,000 
Investment in subsidiaries 
Southern Financial LLC 
154,262,144 
Haze Trust 
88,092,754 
IGO LLC 
3,001,292 
Other assets 
1,501,500 
Total other assets 
246,857,689 
TOTAL ASSETS 
$ 
388,974,892 
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY 
Current liabilities 
Current liabilities 
$ 
5,314 
Total current liabilities 
$ 
5,314 
Shareholder's Equity 
Common Stock 
1,000 
Additional paid in capital 
38,798,643 
Retained earnings 
350,169,935 
Total shareholder's equity 
388,969,578 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND 
SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY 
$ 
388,974,892 
EFTA01137761
--- PAGE 3 ---
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
(and subsidiaries) 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses 
Income Tax Basis 
For the Year ended December 31, 2015 
Revenues 
Fee income 
54,999,980 
Investment income 
828,338 
Subsidiary equity income - Southern Financial LLc 
1,173,573 
Subsidiary equity income - Haze Trust 
1,028,756 
Total revenues 
58,030,647 
Expenses 
Employee costs and compensation 
Occupancy and related expenses 
Professional and consulting expenses 
Other operating expenses 
Charitable expenses 
1,155,118 
207,854 
2,048,207 
66,132 
79,501 
Total expenses 
3,556,811 
Net income 
54,473,836 
EFTA01137762
--- PAGE 4 ---
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
FINANCIAL REPORT 
As Of December 31, 2015 
EFTA01137763
--- PAGE 5 ---
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
(and subsidiary) 
Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Member's Equity 
Income Tax Basis 
as of December 31, 2015 
ASSETS 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Due from brokers 
Managed investment accounts, at cost 
461,170 
51,584 
104,428,110 
Total current assets 
104,940,864 
Fixed Assets 
266,023 
266,023 
Other assets 
Investment in partnerships, at cost 
44,145,119 
Investment in Haze Trust 
87,992,754 
Other receivables 
5,738,416 
Total other assets 
137,876,288 
TOTAL ASSETS 
$ 
243,083,176 
LIABILITIES AND MEMBER'S EQUITY 
Current liabilites 
Short sale liabilites - managed account 
$ 
728,278 $ 
728,278 
Total current liabilities 
Member's equity 
Member contributions 
240,152,569 
Net income 
2,202,329 
Total member's equity 
242,354,898 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND 
MEMBER'S EQUITY 
$ 
243,083,176 
EFTA01137764
--- PAGE 6 ---
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
(and subsidiary) 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses 
Income Tax Basis 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2015 
Revenues 
Dividends and interest 
S 
3,165,488 
Other investment income(loss) 
(608,199) 
Subsidiary equity income - Haze Trust 
1,028,756 
Short term capital gain(loss) 
(1,658,776) 
Long term capital gain 
392,434 
Total revenues 
2,319,703 
Expenses 
Other expenses 
Total expenses 
117,374 
117,374 
Net income 
2,202,329 
EFTA01137765
--- PAGE 7 ---
HAZE TRUST 
FINANCIAL REPORT 
As Of December 31, 2015 
EFTA01137766
--- PAGE 8 ---
RAZE TRUST 
Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Net Assets 
Income Tax Basis 
as of December 31, 2015 
ASSETS 
Current assets 
Due from brokers 
47,601,125 
Marketable securities, at cost 
16,291,197 
Total current assets 
Other assets 
Investment partnerships, at cost 
Total other assets 
TOTAL ASSETS 
$ 
63,892,322 
24,200,432 
24,200,432 
88,092,754 
LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS 
Net assets 
Net Contributions 
38,005,211 
Accumulated income 
50,087,543 
Total net assets 
88,092,754 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND 
NET ASSETS 
88,092,754 
EFTA01137767
--- PAGE 9 ---
HAZE TRUST 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses 
Income Tax Basis 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2015 
Revenues 
Dividends and interest 
$ 
1,027,212 
Long term capital gain 
1,544 
Total revenues 
1,028,756 
Net income 
S 
1,028,756 
EFTA01137768

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137769.pdf
----------------------------------------
PLAN D LLCIC-TON41-hT-D . 
c/u Duren IC In tyke Moen I: IndyIce PI I rS7S Ininnoo Avenue 4" Fl New York. New York 1002N 
To: 
Picton II Ltd. Wye( 
Clarendon House 
Church Street 
Hamilton HM QX. Bermuda 
Attention: Alireza ITTIHADIEHI 
Email: 
Facsimile: +-}-} 
Dated: 
January 29, 2015 H 
Dear Sir: 
Boeing Business Jet aircraft msn 29273 registration VP-BBJ 
Letter of Offer — Sale 
We refer to our discussions in relation to the above Aircraft. 
PLAN D, LLC, on behalf of itself and its affiliates and/or nominee (the "Buyer'), hereby offers 
to purchase the above aircraft, as more particularly defined in the Terms below, (the "Aircraft') from 
PICTON II LTD. (the "Seller") for the Purchase Price, as defined in the Terms below, of 
US$236,000,000 and otherwise on the terms of this letter of offer as set out below ("Offer"). 
This Offer remains open for acceptance by you on behalf of the Seller until 1800 hours London 
time on February 2, 2015 (the "Expiry Time") when, without its extension by us, it will expire, and is 
subject to: 
(A) 
a Visual Inspection of the Aircraft by the Buyer, as further provided below, and the Aircraft being 
found on such inspection to be satisfactory to the Buyer, in the Buyer's absolute discretion; and 
(B) 
the entering into of a definitive Aircraft Sale and Purchase Agreement in respect of the sale of the 
Aircraft by the Seller and its purchase by the Buyer in form and substance satisfactory to the Seller and the 
Buyer (the "Sale Agreement") by February 23, 2015 (the "Documentation Deadline"). 
The purchase of the Aircraft by the Buyer from the Seller and the sale of the Aircraft by the Seller 
to the Buyer are referred to in this Offer as the "Transaction". 
ACCEPTANCE AND INITIAL DEPOSIT 
If you find this Offer satisfactory, please evidence your acceptance of it on behalf of the Seller by 
signing and returning to the undersigned a duplicate of this letter in original, facsimile or pdf signed form 
by the Expiry Time. 
Within two (2) business days ahem( the Seller's acceptance of this Offer, the Buyer agrees to 
deposit with Tammi Bear at AIC Title Service. Lit 6350 West Reno. Oklahoma City. OK 731274annired
the 
United States of America (the "Escrow Agent'), the sum of US$1,000,000 (the "Initial Deposit') as a 
good faith indication of its intent to proceed with its purchase of the Aircraft, such Initial Deposit to be 
held by the Escrow Agent to the order of the Buyer. The Initial Deposit shall be paid to the Escrow 
EFTA01137769
--- PAGE 2 ---
Agent's Escrow Account details of which are set out in attachment 2 to this Offer (the "Escrow 
Account"). 
If this Offer is accepted and the Initial Deposit is received by the Escrow Agent within the time 
specified above: 
the Seller shall withdraw the Aircraft from the market as being for sale and shall deal exclusively 
with the Buyer and its representatives in relation to the sale of the Aircraft; 
the Seller and the Buyer shall proceed to the Visual Inspection of the Aircraft and to negotiate in 
good faith with a view to concluding a Sale Agreement on or before the Documentation Deadline, it being 
agreed that the Sale Agreement will include the terms and conditions indicated in this Offer. 
If, following the Seller's acceptance of this Offer, the Initial Deposit is not made by the Buyer as 
required above, such acceptance shall be deemed not to have been made and this Offer shall accordingly 
be deemed to have expired without having been accepted by the Seller and neither party shall have any 
further obligation to or right against the other in respect of or arising out of this Offer. 
VISUAL INSPECTION AND FURTHER DEPOSIT 
As a condition precedent to the Offer, the Seller has agreed that the Buyer may conduct a visual 
ground inspection of the Aircraft ("Visual Inspection') to determine whether the Aircraft is found by the 
Buyer to be satisfactory to the Buyer, in the Buyer's absolute discretion. 
Accordingly, the Seller shall position the Aircraft at Geneva Airport, Geneva, Switzerland (the 
"Visual Inspection Location") where the Aircraft may be inspected by the Buyer during week of 
February 9, 2015 (or as otherwise agreed between the Seller and the Buyer) at a time to be arranged 
between the Seller and the Buyer. The Visual Inspection shall be completed by the Buyer within I= 
(attire dayl after it commences and the Buyer shall indicate formally to the Seller in writing (by fax or 
email) within 48 hours of its completion of the Visual Inspection whether it wishes to proceed (an 
"Affirmation") or does not wish to proceed (a "Rejection") with its purchase of the Aircraft pursuant to 
this Offer. If the Buyer issues, or is deemed below to have issued, a Rejection, the Initial Deposit will be 
promptly refunded in full to the Buyer, without interest, and neither party shall have any further obligation 
to or right against the other in respect of or arising out of this Offer. 
Within two (2) business days after the Buyer's issuance .U.pait-the—reme—b
et—of an 
Affirmation, (I) the Buyer shall place a further deposit in the amount of US$14500,000 with the Escrow 
Agent into  st-the Escrow Account (the "Further Deposit" and, together with the Initial Deposit, the 
"Transaction Deposit') and (2) As and when provided for  ..a.. tn.., 
in this Offer and subject 
to the exceptions provided for herein and in the Sale Agreement   the Transaction Deposit will 
become non-refundable to the Buyer and will be held to the credit of the Purchase Price should the sale of 
the Aircraft to the Buyer proceed to Delivery pursuant to the Sale Agreement. 
If the Seller does not receive a Rejection or an Affirmation from the Buyer within this 48 hour 
period, or if the Further Deposit is not made by the Buyer as required above, the Buyer shall be deemed to 
have indicated that it does not wish to proceed with its purchase of the Aircraft and to have issued a 
Rejection. 
SALE AGREEMENT 
If for any reason the Sale Agreement is not entered into by the Seller and the Buyer by the 
Documentation Deadline, as the same hereafter may be extended from time to time by mutual agreement 
of the Buyer and the Seller, the Transaction Deposit, to the extent already placed by the Buyer with the 
Escrow Agent, will be repaid in full by the Escrow Agent to the Buyer absolutely and neither the Seller nor 
EFTA01137770
--- PAGE 3 ---
the Buyer shall have any further obligation to or right against the other in respect of or arising out of this 
Offer. 
Upon the entering into by the Seller and the Buyer of the Sale Agreement, the Transaction 
Deposit will be held upon the terms of the Sale Agreement and will be non-refundable as provided 
thereunder save in the case of (1) Buyer reierting the Aim-rift after the Pre-purchase Inspection (as 
hereinafter defined) of the same or  the Aircraft proving not to be in the Delivery Condition at the time 
delivery is respired plotter the Sxle Agreement (2) the Aircraft sufferings material  .t-total-loss or damage 
prior to its delivery to the Buyer or (3) the Seller failings to deliver the Aircraft to the Buyer in accordance 
with the terms of the Sale Agreement or otherwise defaulting,in its ohlivations under the Sale Agreement. 
In any of such cases, the Transaction Deposit shall be refunded to the Buyer without interest. 
TERMS 
The further terms of this Offer are: 
The Aircraft 
Tide 
One pre-owned Boeing Business Jet aircraft manufacturer's serial number 
29273 line no. YG 006 and current registration and nationality lark VP-BBJ, 
with the specification detailed in attachment I 
to this Offer (the 
"Specification"), together 
with its 
systems, 
appliances, 
accessories, 
components, parts, furnishings and equipment (including all loose, ground and 
safety equipment other than personalised items) belonging to, installed in or 
attached or relating to such aircraft and all records  manuals, logs, log books 
wiring diagrams, schematics, x-rays. burn certifications, drawings. ead-technical 
data and other documentation  relating to any of the use, maintenance, flight 
operation and repair of such Aircraft or any of its systems. avionics, controls 
equipment, instruments, accessories, parts and spares, whether in written or 
electronic formthe—senie ("Records"). The "Aircraft" shall include and be 
delivered with all Records. 
The Seller shall transfer to the Buyer 
n_ the tettiefer, by way of the 
issuance e-to the Buyer of a full warranty bill of sale, the-full legal, equitable and 
beneficial title and good and marketable; tide, to the Aircraft te-the-Berer-at 
delivery free of all liens claims and encumbrances. 
Purchase Price 
US$2364$00,000. 
Payment terms 
The Buyer shall place a deposit, in the amount of the Transaction Deposit of 
US1/2. 000,000 with the Escrow Agent by transfer to the Escrow Account at the 
following times and in the following amounts: 
within two (?)_business days aefter the Seller's acceptance of the Offer, 
US$1,000,000 (the "Initial Deposit"); and 
2. 
within two (2) business clays after He—the Buyer's  issuancee of an 
Affirmation, a further US$11400,000 (the "Further Deposit"); 
together, the "Transaction Deposit". 
Prom entry into of the Sale Agreement, the Transaction Deposit shall be non-
refundable save in the case of (A) the Ruyer reiecting the Aircraft after the Pre-
purchase Inspection of the same or  the Aircraft proving not to be in 
accordance with the Delivery Condition when required to he delivered to the 
seeetre6nee-with-the-prertinenterbelow, (B) the Aircraft suffering a 'material totel 
loss or damage prior to Delivery or (C) the Seller failing to deliver the Aircraft 
to the Buyer in accordance with the terms of the Sale Agreement or otherwise 
dekultinprin its ohlipptions under the Sale Agreement In any of such cases, the 
EFTA01137771
--- PAGE 4 ---
Transaction Deposit will be promptly refunded in full to the Buyer. 
The Purchase Price will be payable to the Seller at Delivery in freely available, 
same day funds and the Transaction Deposit will be applied towards the 
Purchase Price at Delivery. 
No withholdings or deductions shall be made by the Buyer from the Purchase 
Price. All sales  transfer. stamp. excise or similar taxes or charges arising in 
relation to the sale of the Aircraft, other than on the income or gains of the 
Seller, shall be for the account of the Buyer ("Sales Taxes"). The Seller shall 
cooperate with the Buyer and locate the Aircraft for its delivery to the Buyer in 
such place as shall be required by the Buyer so as to avoid any Ssales Taxes 
texc 
being applicable to the sale of the Aircraft to the Buyer pursuant to the 
Sale Agreement. 
The Aircraft and its 
The Aircraft shall be delivered by the Seller to the Buyer in the following 
Delivery Condition 
condition (the "Delivery Condition'): 
the Aircraft shall have completed a CI check in October 2014 and shall be 
current on the manufacturers' recommended maintenance program with 
no deferments or extensions and with all items on the Maintenance Due 
List complied with and completed, and all systems avionics, controls 
equipment. and instruments, including without limitation those pertaining 
to airworthiness, flight operations, or otherwise, shall be in good condition 
and operating fully within the manufacturers' published specifications; 
all applicable mandatory Airworthiness Directives (ADs) issued by the 
United States  Federal Aviation Administration (-FAA")AfIr or the 
Department of Civil Aviation of Bermuda ("BDCA") shall have been 
complied with  and all mandatory Boeing Service Bulletins (SB's) requiring 
termination or completion  at Delivery shall have been terminated or 
completed. all at the cost of the Seller, prior to Delivery; 
the Aircraft shall have no material damage; 
the Aircraft shall be free of material materiel-corrosion; 
the Aircraft shall have no history of any accidents' 
5G 
the Records shall be up-to-date, continuous and complete, in full 
compliance with the requirements of the BDCA from the date of 
manufacture  up to and including the date of Delivery; 
the Aircraft shall have a current Certificates of Airworthiness and Release 
to Service, or equivalent issued by the BDCA; anti 
the Aircraft shall otherwise conform in all material respects with the 
Specification; and 
7-9 
the Aircraft shall be in a condition that the DAR determines will enable 
the Aircraft to be registered with the FAA and to be issued a U.S. 
Certificate of Airworthiness immediately following Delivery, and the 
Records shall be in substance and a format, and shall contain all 
information and data, that the DAR determines fully complies with the 
requirements of the FAA, including, without limitation, full compliance 
that is required in order for the Aircraft to be registered with the FAA and 
to be issued a U.S. Certificate of Airworthiness immediately following 
Delivery. 
EFTA01137772
--- PAGE 5 ---
Manufacturer's 
Ac no additional cost to Buyer. aAll Boeing and engine manufacturer warranties 
Warranties 
shall be transferred or made available to the Buyer fmm Delivery. 
Pre-purchase 
Separate and in addition to the Visual Insperrionj-The Buyer's obligation to 
Inspection 
purchase the Aircraft shall be contingent upon a visual and technical pre-
purchase inspections of the Aircraft being undertaken on the Buyer's behalf at a 
Boeing approved maintenance facility in Europe mire...agreed between the Seller 
and the Buyer (the "Inspection Facility') in accordance with the standard 
Boeing approved pre-purchase inspection procedures for pre-owned aircraft 
(the 'Pre-purchase Inspection') to determine whether the Aircraft is in the 
Delivery Condition. The Pre-purchase Inspection shall include, if required by 
the Buyer, engine ground power runs, engine and APU horoscope inspections 
and a test flight of the Aircraft. The test flight shall be conducted in accordance 
with Boeing's or the Inspection Facility's written standards for pre-owned 
aircraft and the Aircraft shall be under the command and control of an 
Inspection Facility pilot at all times during the test flight evaluation. The Buyer 
may have up to three (3) representatives onboard the Aircraft during the test 
flight. 
The Buyer, at its cost, shall arrange for the DAR to attend and 
participate in the Pre-purchase Inspection to the extent that the DAR requires 
such participation, including, without limitation, for the purpose of determinin g 
whether the Aircraft is in a condition that meets the relevant Delivery Condition 
requirements. All costs of the technical pre-purchase inspection and test flight, 
including the cost of the DAR, shall be for the account of the Buyer  subject to 
reimbursement in the events and at the times hereinafter provided - 
The Seller shall be responsible for positioning the Aircraft to the Inspection 
Location at the Seller's cost. 
The Seller shall make the Aircraft available for and the Buyer shall commence 
the Pre-Purchase Inspection within fourteen free-(1.4) days of entry into of the 
definitive Sale Agreement, unless otherwise agreed between the Seller and the 
Buyer. 
Following the completion of the Pre-purchase Inspection at its option  the 
Buyer may either technically accept the Aircraft, subject to the rectification b 
s  Seller at Seller's cost and expense of any differences or divergences from 
the Delivery Condition ("Discrepancies") 
&H.—, or reject the Aircraft if 
Discrepancies are found in the Aircraft as a result of such inspection and rim 
Duvet reasonably determines that  (1) th._ 
niter/Aril-les will not be 
able to be trim.— L rectified by the Seller within sixty (60) days afterttf the 
completion of the Pre-purchase Inspection or (2) the cost to the Seller of such 
rectification would be is-more than US$500,000. The Buyer shall not be entitled 
to reject the Aircraft for any other reason. The Buyer shall technically accept or 
reject the Aircraft within 48 hours of completion of the Pre-purchase 
Inspection. If the Buyer so rejects the Aircraft, lac tirtin. frentritre, the 
Transaction Deposit shall be returned promptly to the Buyer by the Escrow 
Agent in full and neither the Seller nor the Buyer shall have any further 
obligation to or right against the other in relation to the Aircraft and/or its sale 
and/or purchase pursuant to or arising out of the Sale Agreement. If the Buyer 
accepts the Aircraft subject to the rectification of any Discrepancies found 
during the Pre-purchase Inspection, such Discrepancies shall be rectified by the 
Seller at its sole cost promptly and in any event within a reek-period of sixty 
(60) days following Buyer's acceptance of the Aircraft subject to such 
rectification unless such period is extended by a writing signed  nh,r0,:3, 
age—d by the Buyed.,-...«.. 
 failing which the 
Transaction Deposit shall be returned promptly to the Buyer by the Escrow 
Agent in full and neither the Seller nor the Buyer shall have any further 
EFTA01137773
--- PAGE 6 ---
obligation to or right against the other in relation to the Aircraft and/or its sale 
and/or purchase pursuant to or arising out of the Sale Agreements provided, 
however, that if the cost to Seller to rectify the Discrepancies is not more than 
one million dollars (51.000.000). and Seller nevertheless fails to rectify such 
discrepancies within such period. then in addition to the refund of the 
Transaction Deposit. Seller promptly shall reimburse Buyer for all of Buyer's 
reasonably incurred and properly documented inspection and flight test costs 
and expenses, and the travel and lodging expenses and the fees of Buyer's pilots, 
consultants and other professionals incurred or billed in connection with any of 
this Offer, the Sale Agreement and the performance of the terms hereof and 
thereof- provided, further, however, that that the Seller shall not be required to 
reimburse any such costs, expenses or fees in excess of US$75,000 in the 
aggregateffhe Buyer shall advise the Seller in writing within 48 hours following 
the completion of the Pre-purchase Inspection whether Buyer accepts or rejects 
the Aircraft in accordance with the terms of this paragraph. 
Delivery time and 
The Aircraft shall be delivered by the Seller to the Buyer promptly following the 
location 
completion of the Pre-purchase Inspection and the rectification of all 
Discrepancies by the Seller and, in any even; within five (5) business days after 
the Seller's rectification of all Discrepancies found as a result of the Pre-
purchase Inspection but in no event later than sixty (6(1) days after Buyer 
advises Seller in writing of Buyer's acceptance of the Aircraft subject to the 
rectification of such Discrepancies,  unless otherwise agreed to in writine 
yis.rit-thr 
ant the Buyer. 
The Aircraft shall be delivered to the Buyer at a location within Europe to be 
named by the Buyer, acting reasonably, so as to avoid or mitigate the imposition 
of Ssales T—taxes in relation to the Transaction for which the Buyer is 
responsible hereunder (the "Delivery Location"). 
The Seller shall be 
responsible for positioning the Aircraft to the Delivery Location at the Seller's 
cost. 
At Delivery, the Seller shall procure the deregistration of the Aircraft at the 
BDCA and request the BDCA to transmit the deregistration telex to the FAA. 
44te-Beyer-sltall-reintherie-the-Seller-fer th._ 
of-pinitionieg-theafteraft-st 
Post-Delivery 
Provided that it may be accomplished at no additional cost to the Buyer ehe 
lagurs_cen et:terming 
Buyer shall intletattifr -the-Sellet-itt-te6tion-teralt-epetatieg-eriarratal-4ratiliti-i 
etrits 
itteurtetHiy-erin-yektient-terthe-Airerrcratiatrtintraftereeliverrantl-shall-add 
the Seller sittl-ituelr- ratit-tnriternittl-Fitrftteieriref-the-lkirerrftair-.42-411-ftearaneel 
by-the-Seiler-tertite-Betret—as w_Additional Insureds under the Buyer's Third 
Party Legal Liability insurances in respect of the Aircraft for a period of two (2) 
years following Delivery or until the first major check on the Aircraft after 
Delivery  if that occurs earlier. 
Assignment 
This Offer is not, and the Sale Agreement between the Seller and the Buyer 
shall not be, assignable by either party without the consent of the other. 
Expenses 
The Seller and the Buyer shall be responsible for their own costs and expenses 
in relation to the Transaction unless such costs or expenses are expressly stated 
to be paid for by one of the parties to this IL. 
Offer. 
The Seller and the Buyer shall confirm that to the extent that they have used or 
retained the services of a broker or agent in connection with the Transaction, it 
shall be severally responsible for the fees of the brokers or agents so used or 
retained by it and shall indemnify and keep indemnified the other against the 
same and any claims that might be brought by any person for the same claiming 
EFTA01137774
--- PAGE 7 ---
through it. 
Standard terms 
The Sale Agreement shall contain such other normal terms as are customary in 
transactions of this nature as required by either party, including as to the right of 
a party to terminate the Transaction upon Delivery not having occurred as 
provided above due to the failure of the other to perform its obligations under 
the Sale Agreement. If the Sale Agreement is so terminated due to Seller failing 
to deliver the Aircraft to the Buyer in accordance with the terms of the Sale 
Agreement, or otherwise defaulting in its obligations under the Sale Agreement 
the Transaction Deposit shall be returned promptly to the Buyer by the Escrow 
Agent in full and neither the Seller nor the Buyer shall have any further 
obligation to or right against the other in relation to the Aircraft and/or its sale 
and/or purchase pursuant to or arising out of the Sale Agreement; provided, 
however, that in addition to the refund of the Transaction Deposit. in the event 
of a termination due  to Seller failing to deliver the Aircraft to the Buyer in 
accordance with the terms of the Sale Agreement, or otherwise defaulting in its 
obligations under the Sale Agreement Seller promptly shall reimburse Buyer for 
all of Buyer's reasonably incurred and properly documented inspection and 
flight test costs and expenses. and the travel and lodging expenses and the fees 
of its pilots, consultants and other professionals incurred or billed in connection 
with any of this Offer, the Sale Agreement and the performance of the terms 
hereof and thereof provided, further, however, that that the Seller shall not be 
required to reimburse any such costs, expenses or fees in excess of US$75,000 
in the aggregate. If the Sale Agreement is so terminated due to Buyer's failure 
to perform or otherwise defaulting in its obligations under the Sale Agreement 
(other than as a result of the Seller's failure to deliver the Aircraft to the Buyer 
in accordance with the terms of the Sale Agreement, or otherwise defaulting in 
its obligations under the Sale Aiireemenfla_the Transaction Deposit shall be 
forfeited and paid to the Seller by the Escrow Agent. The definitive Sale 
Agreement shall be prepared by counsel to the Seller and shall supersede this 
Offer. 
Governing law 
This Offer and the definitive Sale Agreement shall be subject to New York law. 
Confidentiality 
Counterparts 
Both the Seller and the Buyer shall keep the terms of this Offer and the 
definitive Sale Agreement confidential and shall not disclose their existence or 
terms other than to their professional advisors or as may be required by law. 
This Offer may be signed in counterparts by the Seller and the Buyer, such 
counterparts together constituting but one and the same instrument. Such 
counterparts may be exchanged via facsimile or other electronic transmission. 
We look forward to receiving your confirmation of your acceptance of this Offer by way of the return to 
us of the copy of this Offer by the above Expiry Time duly signed on behalf of the Seller. 
Yours truly 
For and on behalf of PLAN D, LLC 
By Darren K. Indyke, Authorized Representative 
EFTA01137775
--- PAGE 8 ---
[ON COPY' 
To: 
PLAN D, LLC 
c/o Darren IC Indyke, Darren K. Indyke, PLLC, 575 Lexington Avenue, 4th FL, New York, 
New York 10022, USA 
Attention: 
Darren K. Indyke 
Email: 
Facsimile: 
Dear Sirs, 
Boeing Business Jet aircraft msn 29273 registration VP-BBJ 
Letter of Offer — Sale 
PICTON II Ltd.filleyerf, the "Seller", hereby confirms the Seller's acceptance, in accordance with its 
terms, of the Offer by PLAN D, LLC, the "Buyer" for the purchase of the Aircraft by the Buyer from 
the Seller, of which Offer, the above is a true copy. 
Signed, for and on behalf of PICTON H Ltd. {Buyer} 
Signature: 
Name: Alireza ITI1HADIEH 
Title: 
Exclusive Representative 
Date: 
EFTA01137776
--- PAGE 9 ---
Attachment 1 
to the Letter of Offer between PLAN D, LLC and PICTON II Ltd 
regarding one pre-owned Boeing Business Jet aircraft msn 29273 
The Specification 
Boeing Business Jet aircraft 
Aircraft nationality 
and registration mark: VP-BBJ 
Non: Times and Cycles below are as at 12/1/2015 
Airframe 
Serial Number: 
Manufacturer: 
Model: 
Type Aircraft: 
MFR Year: 
Total Time: 
Total Cycles: 
29273 
The Boeing Company 
B737-72U Boeing Business Jet 
Fixed Wing Multi-Engine 
1998 
3769:03 Hours 
931 
Weight Data 
Maximum Taxi Weight: 
Maximum Takeoff Weight: 
Maximum Landing Weight: 
Maximum Zero Fuel Weight: 
Basic Operating Weight: 
Maximum Fuel Capacity: 
Engines 
Serial Numbers: 
Manufacturer. 
Model: 
77,791 kg 
77364 kg 
60,781 kg 
57,152 kg 
45,588 kg 
32,558 kg 
874437 (#1) and 874438 (#2) 
CFM International 
CF1456-7B26/B1 
Posn. 
Serial No. 
Total 
Hours 
Cycles 
Left 
874437 
3769:03 
895 
Right 
874438 
3769:03 
895 
Auxiliary Power Unit 
Serial Number: 
Manufacturer. 
Honeywell 
Type: 
13I-9B 
TTSN 3516 Hours/3010 Cycles 
Avionics; 
Comm: Collins VHF-900B -- P/N 822-1047-003 
Nav: Collins VOR-900 -- Receiver PN 822-0297-001 
FMS: FMC PN 171497-05-01 
HF: Collins HFS-900 — P/N 822-0330-001 
ADF: Collins ADF-900 — R/T PN 822-0329-001 
DME: Collins DivIE-900 -- Interrogator PN 066-50013-0101 
ATC Transponder: Collins TPR-901 P/N 822-1338-003 
RADAR: Colllins WXR-700 
R/T PN 
TCAS: 
Colllins TTR-920 — Computer change 7 PN 622-8971-022 
EGPWS: Collins GLU-920 Receiver PN 822-1152-002 
EFTA01137777
--- PAGE 10 ---
CVR: P/N 2100-1020-00 
FDR: P/N 2100-4043-00 
Airshow Network- Fax / Satcom 
Auxiliary Fuel Tanks 
Pat's 9 Tanks, 5 aft, 4 fwd 
Interior 
Maximum 18 Passenger Interior. Forward crew rest section at entrance. Forward lounge featuring 
individual club seats and 2 inward facing material divans. Aft lounge featuring 2 (4 seat) dining tables and 
inward facing material divan and credenza containing entertainment system. Aft section is a master 
bedroom with double bed and en-suite bathroom / lavatory with shower. Aft Galley area. Forward cloak 
room and forward airstairs 
EFTA01137778
--- PAGE 11 ---
Attachment 2 
to the Letter of Offer between PLAN D, LLC and P1CTON 11 Ltd. 
regarding one pre-owned Boeing Business Jet aircraft msn 29273 
The Escrow Account details 
EScrow Account Details —jTHESE NEED TO BE CHANGED TO DETAILS FOR A 
DIFFERENT ESCROW AGENT' 
Bank: 
International Bank of Commerce 
Branch: 
ABA: 
Swift Code: 
Credit: 
Account Number: 
Phone advice: 
Dninranre• 
AA 1/10172A/D-112112 I 
EFTA01137779

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137780.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137780

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137781.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137781

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137782.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137782

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137783.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 355 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/20/2016 Page 1 of 3 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHRN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA 
JANE DOE 1 AND JANE DOE 2, 
Petitioners, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Respondent. 
RESPONDENT'S UNOPPOSED MOTION TO AMEND SCHEDULING ORDER 
Respondent, by and through its undersigned counsel, files its Unopposed Motion to 
Amend Scheduling Order, and states: 
I. On December 23, 2015, the Court entered its Scheduling Order, setting forth dates on 
which the parties are to file their respective motions for summary judgment; responses thereto; 
and replies. D.E. 346. This Order was based upon the parties Joint Scheduling Report, filed on 
December 17, 2015. D.E. 345. 
2. When the Joint Scheduling Report was filed, respondent expected it would be able to 
respond to petitioners' Third Request for Admissions to the Government Regarding Questions 
Relevant to "Victim" Status under the Crime Victim Rights Act, and petitioners' Supplemental 
Request for Production to The Government Regarding "Victim" Status, by January 19, 2016. 
This would have allowed petitioners to have the responses prior to January 22, 2016, the date 
they were to file their motion for summary judgment. D.E. 346,1 1. 
3. Due to the absence of one of respondent's co-counsel during the period January 14 — 
24, 2016, respondent's counsel were unable to prepare the responses to the two discovery 
EFTA01137783
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 355 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/20/2016 Page 2 of 3 
requests by January 19, 2016. Respondent asked petitioner's counsel for an extension until 
February 1, 2016, to which they graciously consented. Since petitioners will not have the 
responses prior to the filing of their motion for summary judgment, the parties have agreed to 
seek leave of the Court to amend the briefing schedule to the following: 
February 10, 2016 
March 24, 2016 
April 12, 2016 
April 26, 2016 
Petitioners shall file their motion for summary judgment 
(presently due on January 22, 2016) 
Government shall file its response to petitioners' motion for summary 
judgment, and its own cross-motion for summary judgment 
(presently due on February 22, 2016) 
Petitioners shall file their reply to the Government's response to 
petitioners' motion for summary judgment, and their response to the 
Government's cross-motion for summary judgment 
(presently due on March 11, 2016) 
Government shall file its reply to petitioners' response to the 
Government's cross-motion for summary judgment 
(presently due on March 25, 2016) 
4. Respondent respectfully requests the Scheduling Order be amended to reflect the 
adjusted dates in the preceding paragraph. A proposed Order is attached. 
DATED: January 20, 2016 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: 
WIFREDO A. FERRER 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
s/ Dexter A. Lee 
DEXTER A. LEE 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Fla. Bar No. 0936693 
N.E. 4th Street, Suite 300 
Miami, Florida 33132 
(305) 961-9320 
Fax: (305) 530-7139 
E-mail: dexter.leeeusdojav
ATTORNEY FOR RESPONDENT 
EFTA01137784
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 355 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/20/2016 Page 3 of 3 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on January 20, 2016, I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. 
s/ Dexter A. Lee 
DEXTER A. LEE 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Does 1 and 2 v. United States, 
Case No. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq., 
Fanner, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
(954) 524-2820 
Fax: (954) 524-2822 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, Utah 84112 
(801) 585-5202 
Fax: (801) 585-6833 
E-mail: casselp@law.utah.edu 
Attorneys for Jane Doe # 1 and Jane Doe # 2 
EFTA01137785

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137786.pdf
----------------------------------------
891 
893 
not there are missing logs, have you --
A. That's not been something I've focused on. 
I was only looking at whether or not, within the 
timeframe, who was with who on what flights, and I 
saw that 
was on some flights with 
other prominent academics, but never on a flight 
with me. 
Q. Do you know who 
out to for sex by Jeffrey Epstein? 
MR. INDYKE: Objection based upon 
attorney-client privilege, work product. 
A. No, I can tell you outside of the 
privileged information. I can tell you outside of 
the privilege. I can tell you outside of the 
privilege that she has claimed to have had sex on 
numerous occasions with Leslie Wexner, and was told 
by — by Sigrid McCawley that --
MS. McCAWLEY: I'm going to object to the 
line of questioning. 
MR. SCOTT: Time out. 
A. That is from a statement made to me --
MS. McCAWLEY: No, I just want to be clear 
because if we're going to violate the privilege 
again, the order of seal. 
A. We are not. 
was lent 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. I just want the names of the individuals. 
A. I can't just give you that. I can tell 
you that --
Q. That's what Pm asking for. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. The question is: Do you know who 
was lent out to for sex by 
Jeffrey Epstein? 
MR. EDWARDS: Right. The names of the 
individuals is all Tm looking for. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: There's an 
objection. Okay. Go ahead. 
A. I was told by John Zeiger, who was Leslie 
Wexner's lawyer, that Sigrid McCawley claims that 
her client, 
, alleges that she had 
sex with Leslie Wexner on numerous occasions, 
including one -- and she said this, according to 
Mr. Zeiger, very aggressively --
MS. McCAWLEY: This is revealing 
confidential settlement discussions. 
A. Between who? 
MS. McCAWLEY: Between -- I'm not going to 
reveal what confidential settlement discussions 
because that breaches a privilege. 
892 
MS. McCAWLEY: Fm going to stop that 
right now because the only conversations I've 
had with you are in the context of settlement 
discussion in this case. 
A. It was not a conversation with Sigrid 
McCawley. And please let me answer the question. I 
had a conversation —
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. Just so we know what the question is, my 
question is --
A. The question is do I know whether she had 
sex --
Q. No, its not. 
MR. SCOTT: Let's just ask the question. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on. And, 
court reporter, please reread the question so 
we understand. 
COURT REPORTER: "Do you know who 
was lent out to for sex by Jeffrey 
Epstein?" 
A. And the answer —
MR. SIMPSON: Darren had an objection for 
you. 
A. Okay. I understand the instruction, and I 
can answer the question. 
894 
So what I'm going to say is that we are 
not entitled here to be revealing any 
settlement discussions that have happened on 
behalf of my client. I'm not going to allow 
there to be testimony as to that. To the 
extent this involves Mr. Wexner's attorneys, 
they are not present at this deposition at this 
moment who you are mentioning, John Zeiger, 
who's not able to object to this line of 
questioning. You've had your client Jeffrey 
Epstein's lawyers on the phone the entire time, 
he should be entitled to a right to object to 
this before there's a revelation of any 
settlement discussions. 
MR. SCAROLA: I want to know for the 
record that Mr. Dershowitz has chosen to 
disregard the instruction that came from 
Mr. Epstein's counsel. And that --
A. No, I haven't. I have said this comes 
outside the privilege. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Stop. Let him 
put his — on the record. Go ahead. 
MR. SCAROLA: Which is inconsistent with 
the position that Mr. Dershowitz's counsel says 
they were taking, and that is that they were 
(Pages 891 to 894) 
www.phippsreporting.com 
EFTA01137786

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137787.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137787

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137788.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137788

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137789.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jennifer L0nnroth 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Skype call 
Date: Tue, 19 Jan 2016 15:43:44 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: 
.pdf 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Thanks again for the call, really appreciate you taking the time! 
If you need any additional information, please don't hesitate to contact me again. I don't know if Barbro gave 
you my CV, but I've attached it here just in case. 
Looking forward to hearing from you. 
Best Regards, 
Jennifer 
Date: Tue, 19 Jan 2016 06:34:48 -0500 
Subject: Re: Skype call 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
does now work? 
On Tue, Jan 19, 2016 at 4:00 AM, Jennifer Lifmnroth 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Sorry I missed your call. Late tonight works fine, would 6PM (NY time) work for you? 
Best Regards, 
Jennifer 
Date: Mon, 18 Jan 2016 20:43:30 -0500 
Subject: Re: Skype call 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
> wrote: 
i tried to call . lets try tomorw late your time if that is convenient 
On Mon, Jan 18, 2016 at 12:11 PM, Jennifer Lonnroth 
wrote: 
EFTA01137789
--- PAGE 2 ---
Dear Jeffrey, 
Happy to hear from you, thanks for taking the time. 
A Skype call sounds great, when would suit you? My account name is 
straight away 
Best Regards, 
Jennifer Lonnroth 
I will add you 
Date: Sun, 17 Jan 2016 15:35:56 -0500 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
jennifer , barbro suggested we skype , 
she said you wanted a job in the states? my skype is 
jeevacation. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
EFTA01137790
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137791

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137792.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jennifer LOnnroth 
Adress: 
Email: 
Phone: 
Professional Profile 
Recently graduated frott. 
with a First degree in Marketing 
Management. Proven to be an efficient communicator and a good team-worker with an 
eagerness to learn. High leadership qualifications and enjoy motivating others. 
Education 
BA (Bons) Global Marketing Management 
2013-2015 
London, United Kingdom 
• Core Modules: Marketing, Management, Sustainability, Financial Management 
Criminology 
Stockholm, Sweden 
• 
2012 
Basic Fashion Design Core 
Fall 2011 
New York, USA 
• 
Basic Law 
Spring 2011 
Uppsala, Sweden 
• 
Cambridge Advanced English Degree 
Fall 2009 
London, United Kingdom 
• 
2006-2009 
Stockholm, Sweden 
• International Relations/Society Programme 
Professional Experience 
Brand Analyst 
2014-currently 
London 
• Great knowledge regarding the different aspects of branding 
• Experience in market research and the value of understanding external and 
internal factors that affect brands 
• Understanding the weight of combining strategy and design in order to maximise 
brand impact 
EFTA01137792
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sales clerk 
2012-2013 
Stockholm 
• Great stress-tolerance, structural and organising skills as well as the 
importance of satisfied customers 
• Further development of sales techniques, exceeded sales target every 
month 
Assisting store manager 
Sales 
2010 
2006-2012 
Stockholm 
• Areas of responsibility; purchasing, economy, personnel, office work, 
marketing 
• High level of responsibility, motivate and stimulate employees in order to 
achieve specified goals, excellent communication skills in order to keep 
good relationships with customers and suppliers, the ability to regard a 
company as one cohesive entity where everything is interlinked 
Charity worker 
Summer 2004 
Stockholm 
• Gathering and preparing donated clothes for charity 
Internship 
Summer intern 
Summer 2014 
• Responsibilities including: coordination amongst different teams, 
preparation of external communications material, logistics planning and 
communicating with investors 
Mark 
Fall 2011 
New York 
• Starting up a company in a new region, basics of marketing, building the 
brand name and acquiring new retailers 
• Work tasks included high knowledge in: excel, photography, Adobe 
Photoshop, social media 
Language, IT and Personal Skills 
• Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Adobe Photoshop 
• Mother tongue Swedish; advanced English, moderate Spanish 
• Driver's License 
• Certificates: Personal shopper, Sales techniques 
Interests 
• Photography, yoga, design, film, cooking, friends 
References and certificates available on request 
EFTA01137793

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137794.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dershowitz, Alan - Vol. 04 011216 
January 12, 2016 
Page 462 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL 
CIRCUIT IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 
CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and PAUL G. 
CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs, 
vs. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant. 
VIDEOTAPE CONTINUED DEPOSITION OF 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
VOLUME 4 
Pages 462 through 647 
Tuesday, January 12, 2016 
1:05 p.m. - 4:45 p.m. 
Tripp Scott 
110 Southeast 6th Street 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 
Stenographically Reported By: 
Kimberly Fontalvo, RPR, CLR 
Realtime Systems Administrator 
EFTA01137794
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 463 
APPEARANCES: 
On behalf of Plaintiffs: 
SEARCY, DENNEY, SCAROLA 
BARNHART & SHIPLEY, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33402-3626 
BY: JACK SCAROLA, ESQ. 
On behalf of Defendant: 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II - Suite 1400 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
BY: THOMAS EMERSON SCOTT, JR., ESQ. 
BY: STEVEN SAFRA, ESQ. 
(Via phone) 
--and--
SWEDER & ROSS, LLP 
131 Oliver Street 
Boston, MA 02110 
BY: KENNETH A. SWEDER, ESQ. 
--and--
WILEY, REIN 
17769 K Street NW 
Washington, DC 20006 
BY: RICHARD A. SIMPSON, ESQ. 
EFTA01137795
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 464 
APPEARANCES (Continued): 
On behalf of Jeffrey Epstein: 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Ave., 4th Fl. 
New York, New York 
BY: DARREN K. INDYKE, ESQ. (Via phone) 
On behalf of 
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER, LLP 
401 E. Las Olas Blvd., Ste. 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
BY: SIGRID STONE MCCAWLEY, ESQ. 
ALSO PRESENT: 
Edward J. Pozzuoli, Special Master 
Sean D. Reyes, Utah Attorney General Office 
Travis Gallagher, Videographer 
EFTA01137796
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 465 
INDEX 
Examination 
Page 
VOLUME 4 (Pages 462 - 647) 
Certificate of Oath 
645 
Certificate of Reporter 
646 
Read and Sign Letter to Witness 
647 
Errata Sheet (forwarded upon execution) 
648 
PLAINTIFF EXHIBITS 
No 
Page 
Proposed Joint Letter to the Special 
501 
Master 
Document reflecting entry for Bands, 
548 
Doug 
Article from the Daily Mail.com titled 562 
Prince Andrew's billionaire friend is 
accused of preying on girl of 14 
Letter dated July 6, 2007 from Gerald 
612 
B. Lefcourt to 
and others 
pages 
Document titled NewsRoom/Alan 
623 
Dershowitz to talk in Alburquerque 
Article from nydailynews.com titled 
628 
Alleged 'sex slave' 
says she didn't have sex with former 
President Bill Clinton, but in 
explosive court filing, details 
11-person orgy with Prince Andrew and 
others 
EFTA01137797
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 466 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going back on the record. 
The time is approximately 1:05 p.m. 
MR. INDYKE: This is Darren Indyke. If it 
would be okay with everyone, I would like to 
clarify a couple of points for the record. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Go ahead. 
MR. INDYKE: First, I apologize for the 
spotty reception during the morning session. I 
was having difficulty hearing you folks, and I 
think you were having some difficulty hearing 
me. I think I've corrected it, but if I could 
ask if you could move the mic closer to him 
somehow or if I let you know that I can't hear, 
if somebody could just speak up. 
MR. SCAROLA: Did we turn that speaker 
volume up? 
MR. SIMPSON: Let's turn up the volume. 
MR. INDYKE: Secondly, as to the argument 
that work product belongs to the attorney and 
not the client, I want to make sure that it's 
clear that we disagree with that vehemently. 
We believe that it is a client's every bit 
as much as an attorney's and an attorney has no 
right to waive that privilege over the 
objection of a client. If that were true, 
EFTA01137798
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 467 
there would be nothing improper with an 
attorney publishing his entire case file over 
the objection of his client with the exception 
of communications back and forth between 
attorney and client. Strategies, witnesses, 
things like that could be disclosed over the 
objection of a client, and that's just not the 
case. 
So for the record, Mr. Epstein reasserts 
the work product privilege and would continue 
do so. And I would instruct Mr. Dershowitz not 
provide any response to any question that would 
require Mr. Dershowitz to invade that 
privilege. 
Third, I guess as to the joint defense 
agreement, it is our position that any party to 
the joint defense agreement may assert it, and 
it doesn't require disclosure of all parties to 
the agreement in order for the assertion to be 
valid. 
I would note that disclosure of the 
parties to a joint defense agreement are often, 
by the terms of a joint defense agreement, 
subject to confidentiality and, thus, protected 
by the privilege. 
EFTA01137799
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 468 
And I would also point out that it's not 
necessary for a person to be a party to a joint 
defense agreement for the communications with 
that person by a lawyer who is making those 
communications on behalf of the client party to 
the agreement to be subject to the joint 
defense agreement. 
And while we need to do some more 
background research to get the full details of 
the joint defense agreement, I would -- for 
those reasons, to the extent that any 
disclosure in response to any questions posed 
to Mr. Dershowitz would require Mr. Dershowitz 
to invade that joint defense agreement, we 
would instruct -- we would object and instruct 
that Mr. Dershowitz not respond. I think that 
covers everything that I have. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Thank you. 
Let's proceed. 
MR. SCAROLA: Before we proceed, I want to 
note for the record that the various 
transcripts of statements made by 
Mr. Dershowitz that had been requested during 
the earlier session of the deposition were 
marked as Exhibit Number 1 to the prior 
EFTA01137800
--- PAGE 8 ---
Page 469 
sessions of Mr. Dershowitz's deposition. 
I believe that everything that was 
referenced has been disclosed. To the extent 
that opposing counsel identifies anything that 
is not included in Composite Exhibit Number 1 
previously marked, we would be happy to provide 
a copy of that as soon as a copy --
MR. INDYKE: Is that Mr. Scarola? 
MR. SCAROLA: It is, yes. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on. Speak 
up a little bit, Jack. 
MR. SCAROLA: Certainly. As soon as a 
copy that does not include work product 
notations is available, and the portions of 
statements made by Mr. Dershowitz not included 
in Exhibit Number 1 are identified to us, we 
will provide those. 
MR. SCOTT: I think what we most want, 
Jack, are the -- I think we have one 
transcript, but I think there's another 
transcript of the bench and Bar that we need. 
MR. SCAROLA: There are multiple 
transcripts included in Exhibit Number 1. 
MR. EDWARDS: If there are transcripts 
that you need that are not included in Exhibit 
EFTA01137801
--- PAGE 9 ---
Page 470 
Number 1, tell me. I'll get them to you, and 
I'll get them to you tomorrow since we're here 
again. 
MR. SCAROLA: I just want the record to 
reflect that I believe that everything that 
we've made reference to is included in Exhibit 
Number 1. If I'm incorrect in that regard, you 
let us know what it is, we'll give it to you. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Darren, anything 
on your end? You okay? 
MR. INDYKE: Yep. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I would welcome 
the parties just to get together to make sure 
they have a complete set of what they need, and 
we'll go from there. 
MR. EDWARDS: Absolutely. Just for the 
record, my only real objection was not turning 
over what I had marked and my work product. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I understood. 
MR. EDWARDS: I'll get everything to him 
tomorrow. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I took it that 
way. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Going back to testing the credibility of 
EFTA01137802
--- PAGE 10 ---
Page 471 
and things that she has said, was 
she lying when she said that she has flown on 
Jeffrey Epstein's airplane? 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Work product and 
common interest. 
A. 
I think I can answer that question. Based 
on material that was produced in discovery, which 
would not be subject to privilege, there seems to be 
evidence that she did fly on the airplane with 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was she lying when she says that she was 
flown on Jeffrey Epstein's airplane across state 
lines at a time when she was under the age of 18? 
A. 
I have no idea. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same objection. 
Work product and attorney-client and common 
interest. 
A. 
I have no idea. But, again -- I just have 
no idea. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is there any nonprivileged information 
that you could review that would give you an idea to 
answer that question or that would give you the 
answer to that question? 
EFTA01137803
--- PAGE 11 ---
Page 472 
A. 
I imagine there would be if there were 
videotapes. I've always said from the beginning, I 
hope there are videotapes of every moment in 
' life, because they would exculpate 
me completely. So I hope there are videotapes. 
Q. 
Aren't you aware that there were 
videotapes that were taken within your client 
Jeffrey Epstein's various homes? 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Work product, 
attorney-client. Common interest. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Carve out the 
privileged issue and non-privileged, if he 
gained information through a nonprivileged 
source. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Well, the statement was -- which I was not 
going there. The statement was, if there are 
videos, I want them all out there? 
A. 
Absolutely. 
Q. 
So, isn't it true that you know that there 
were indeed videos taken from within your client's 
various homes? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Privileged or nonprivileged. 
EFTA01137804
--- PAGE 12 ---
Page 473 
MR. SCOTT: Asked and answered in the last 
depo. 
A. 
I hope there were videos. I hope there 
are videos of every moment of 
life 
from the time she allegedly met Jeffrey Epstein to 
the time she left. I hope there were videos in 
every bedroom. I hope there were videos in every 
massage room. I hope there are videos all over. 
And from day one, I categorically stated 
that there could be no photograph, no video that 
would demonstrate that what she said was true, 
because I knew it was false. She knew it was false. 
And you knew it was false. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
In representing a client, don't you try to 
determine or ascertain what evidence does exist that 
may incriminate or exonerate any particular client? 
A. 
Of course. 
Q. 
Okay. In making that inquiry in this 
case, haven't you learned that there are --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Which case? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
In the case in which you represented 
Jeffrey Epstein, haven't you learned that there were 
video recordings taken from within Jeffrey Epstein's 
EFTA01137805
--- PAGE 13 ---
Page 474 
various homes as well as his airplane? 
MR. INDYKE: Objection, same objection. 
Instruct him not to answer. 
A. 
I hope there were. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Will you then assist us 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
-- in obtaining those videos from your 
client? 
A. 
I will assist you in  getting any possible 
videotapes of 
or any of the 
locations where the false accusation against me was 
made. I would be thrilled to have videos of every 
moment of my life during that period of time, and 
every moment of her life. Because they would prove 
conclusively that which I know to be conclusively 
false, namely that she made up the stories about me. 
Q. 
Okay. Just so I understand your 
agreement, is that --
MR. INDYKE: Just so we're clear, 
Mr. Epstein is not waiving any of his 
objections as to any such information to the 
extent that it exists. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. Well, this video or photograph --
EFTA01137806
--- PAGE 14 ---
Page 475 
if :here are videos or photographs of 
that have been taken or recorded from 
Jeffrey Epstein's home, is that -- is that evidence 
that you will assist us in obtaining? 
A. 
I will try my best to try to get every 
possible --
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
A. 
-- photograph -- I'm entitled to say what 
I'll try to best to do. I will try my best to get 
every possible video, photograph, and any other 
piece of objective evidence because I know it will 
all completely prove beyond any doubt that I wasn't 
there. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And if that information has already 
exchanged hands -- that evidence has already 
exchanged hands from Jeffrey Epstein's hands to the 
hands of his attorneys, as part of their work 
product, would you agree to waive your work product 
privilege to produce that evidence? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
A. 
I don't have any such evidence. I wish I 
did. 
EFTA01137807
--- PAGE 15 ---
Page 476 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
With respect to the search warrant that 
was executed on Jeffrey Epstein's house, isn't it 
true that just before that search warrant was 
executed, the -- Jeffrey Epstein's legal team 
ordered that three computers be removed from Jeffrey 
Epstein's home that contained pornographic images, 
including those of 
A. 
I made no such order. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection. And instruct 
not to answer. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I didn't ask if you made the order. Isn't 
it true that that occurred? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection. 
MR. SIMPSON: Darren? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'm not so sure 
you can waive that objection. 
A. 
I wish I could. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Didn't the U.S. Attorney's Office issue 
grand jury subpoenas to the investigators that were 
working on Jeffrey Epstein's behalf and were holding 
those computers, and those grand jury subpoenas 
outstanding at the time that the case resolved? 
EFTA01137808
--- PAGE 16 ---
Page 477 
A. 
All I can say --
MR. INDYKE: Same objection and 
instruction. 
A. 
-- is I wish every video, every computer, 
I wish everything that would show where 
was had been turned over and would be turned 
over. 
MR. SCAROLA: Mr. Dershowitz's repeated 
comments about what he wishes would happen are 
an indirect statement that if he could answer 
the questions, the responses that he would give 
would be favorable to him and would exonerate 
him. 
His wishes are not the subject of the 
inquiry. And every occasion on which he 
expresses a wish and refuses to give an answer 
is unresponsive to the questions that are being 
asked, and should be stricken. 
They also constitute a waiver to the 
extent that they imply that if the question 
could be answered, the answer would be 
favorable. 
I would ask you to instruct --
MR. INDYKE: And to the extent that they 
imply a waiver --
EFTA01137809
--- PAGE 17 ---
Page 478 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on a 
second. Let him finish. 
MR. INDYKE: I apologize, Mr. Scarola. 
MR. SCAROLA: That's quite all right, 
thank you. 
I know that over the speakerphone, it's 
difficult, and I take no offense to the 
interruption. I know it was inadvertent. 
But I would ask that the witness be 
instructed to discontinue that improper 
assertion of statements of opinion when no 
opinions are being requested. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Counsel, do you 
have a response? I think Mr. Scarola is done. 
MR. INDYKE: My response is to the extent 
that you're attempting to imply anything 
from -- imply a waiver from Mr. Dershowitz, 
Mr. Epstein does not waive, and instructs 
Mr. Dershowitz that he can make no such waiver. 
THE WITNESS: I have not refused to 
answer. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. Let me say this: I would suggest that 
I don't take such inference that he's waiving 
based upon his general statements. 
EFTA01137810
--- PAGE 18 ---
Page 479 
What -- we have been down a little bit of 
this road this morning on trying to get to what 
appears to be privileged information or 
information that -- or activity that was 
undertaken or not undertaken during the course 
of the representation, the relationship -- the 
attorney-client relationship between 
Mr. Dershowitz and Mr. Epstein. 
And at this point, based upon the 
objection, I will uphold the objection and 
we'll move forward. 
MR. SCAROLA: The second part of my 
request is that Mr. Dershowitz be instructed to 
refrain from expressing a desire to answer 
questions. It's not responsive. It implies 
that if he could answer, the answers would be 
favorable. 
The implication is improper, and the 
insertion into the record of the implication is 
improper. If he can't answer the question, he 
should simply say he cannot answer based on 
privilege. 
THE WITNESS: Can I respond? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No. Let me 
respond. 
EFTA01137811
--- PAGE 19 ---
Page 480 
I think that's appropriate. I do actually 
agree with Mr. Scarola in this respect. I do 
think that you should be responsive 
specifically to the question if you can. 
Where you can't, you state you can't. I 
believe that the record is now full of your 
views on some of this in a generic way, and so 
with that said, I would ask that you be more 
pointed with your answers. 
THE WITNESS: I appreciate that. I just 
want to comment that I did not ever refuse to 
answer any of those questions. It was 
instructed not to answer any of those 
questions. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I do understand 
that. For purposes of some efficiency here, I 
would like to get through this within the time 
alloted. 
MR. EDWARDS: Me, too. Thank you. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is there any nonprivileged information 
which would demonstrate whether 
statement that she was flown on Jeffrey Epstein's 
plane while underage was true or false? 
A. 
I'm sure there must be, but i don't have 
EFTA01137812
--- PAGE 20 ---
Page 481 
it in my mind right now, so I can't answer that 
question. 
Q. 
The flight logs were previously marked 
as 
MR. SCAROLA: Exhibit 7. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
-- as Exhibit 7 to the deposition. I'll 
show you pages from Exhibit 7 which indicate the 
dates of the flight logs for those on the phone 
November 2002 through January -- sorry, 
November 2000 through January 2001 and January 2001 
through February 20th, 2001. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Counsel? 
MR. SCOTT: Okay. 
A. 
Yes, I see the flights that you have 
marked in green. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do the flight logs indicate 
as a passenger on Jeffrey Epstein's plane 
with Jeffrey Epstein? 
A. 
Well, the first one I look at does not. 
It has J.E., G.M. and E.T. Although it's 
underlined, it doesn't suggest
The second one does say J.E., G.M., E.T., 
And the fourth and fifth ones say 
EFTA01137813
--- PAGE 21 ---
Page 482 
And on the next page, two of them say 
yes 
These in the year 2000 and early 2001; is 
Q. 
that correct? 
A. 
I can't see dates. I see 2001. I see 
November 2000. Could you remind me of 
birthday. 
Q. 
A. 
So she would be 
at this 
time. 
Q. 
So she's traveling as a passenger under 
the age of 18? That's my question. 
A. 
Under the age of 18, but the age of 
consent in numerous places that she flew to were 17 
and 16. So New York, the age is 17, to my 
recollection. And in New Mexico, I think it's 17. 
And the Virgin Islands, I think it's 16. So the 
answer to the question is she underage might well be 
no. 
4. 
My question was, is there nonprivileged 
information that would indicate the truth or falsity 
of her statement that she traveled on Jeffrey 
Epstein's airplane with Jeffrey Epstein while under 
the age of 18? 
A. 
I do not know of any statement that she 
EFTA01137814
--- PAGE 22 ---
Page 483 
said -- may have said it, but I don't have in my 
mind any statement that says below the age of 18 as 
distinguished from when she was underage. So you 
would have to show me. If the statement was below 
the age of 18, that would be correct. If the 
statement would be underage, that would be more 
questionable. 
Q. 
Do you know the purpose for which she was 
traveling with Jeffrey Epstein during the flights 
indicated on those logs? 
A. 
I do not. 
MR. SCOTT: Privileged. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection, work product, 
attorney-client, common interest. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Your answer is "I do not"? 
A. 
I do not. 
Q. 
You have not ascertained from any source, 
is what you're telling us, the purpose for her 
travels with Jeffrey Epstein, correct? 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same objection 
and instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You are unable to answer, or you have not? 
A. 
I have been instructed not to answer. 
EFTA01137815
--- PAGE 23 ---
Page 484 
Q. 
I misunderstood you. I thought you said 
earlier "I have not," indicating that you don't know 
the purpose? 
A. 
I said that in answer to one question. 
You've asked me other questions. 
Q. 
Is there a legitimate purpose for her 
being 17 years old, traveling with Jeffrey Epstein? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection, argumentative. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same objection, 
same instructions. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Isn't it a federal crime to knowingly 
transport an individual who has not attained the age 
of 18 years in interstate commerce with the intent 
that that individual engage in prostitution or in 
any sexual activity? 
A. 
I haven't read the statute clearly, but I 
think that's an accurate paraphrase of my 
understanding of the law, yeah. 
Q. 
Would you agree that that flight log in 
front of you indicates a federal crime was being 
committed against 
at the time when 
she has said a federal crime was being committed 
against her? 
A. 
Oh, absolutely not. 
EFTA01137816
--- PAGE 24 ---
Page 485 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
A. 
Does not prove a federal crime. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
So that goes back to my last question. 
What is, then, the legitimate reason that causes 
that flight to fall outside of this criminal statute 
that I just read to you? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I can give this answer. My understanding 
of federal law imposes the burden of proof on the 
prosecution to demonstrate one of the illicit 
purposes, and this does not satisfy that burden of 
proof. So this would not prove that a federal crime 
occurred. It would prove one element of that crime. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was she lying when she said that the 
purpose for which she was trafficked by Jeffrey 
Epstein was for sex? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instructions. 
A. 
I've been instructed not to answer the 
question. 
EFTA01137817
--- PAGE 25 ---
Page 486 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You can't answer the question? 
A. 
I can give you this information. Based on 
what her own friends have said in interviews that 
are not privileged, they categorically deny that she 
was trafficked. They claim that she willingly, 
voluntarily went on her own in order to earn money, 
that she showed off the money, that she was free to 
leave at any time, that she he had a boyfriend who 
she lived with at the time, that she went home every 
night, and she was spending money like mad. That 
would not, in my view, fit the definition of 
trafficking. 
Now, I certainly am sympathetic to her. 
She may very well have been abused at some early 
stage of her life, even before she met Epstein, and 
that abuse may have led her to live a life of lies. 
And one might be sympathetic to that, but it doesn't 
excuse her lying about me, the fact that she may 
have been abused. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Move forward. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Let me try to understand that which you 
are explaining right now, which is are you saying 
that if she was traveling on Jeffrey Epstein's 
EFTA01137818
--- PAGE 26 ---
Page 487 
airplane while underage for the purposes of sex and 
or prostitution, that --
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instructions. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
-- she was not being sexually trafficked 
or would not be a victim of that statute? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
MR. EDWARDS: I'm asking a hypothetical 
now based on his last statement. 
MR. SCOTT: That's not a hypothetical. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That's not how 
you framed it. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Let me reframe it, then. 
Assuming that -- I'll give you a 
hypothetical based on what you say her friends have 
told you, which is that she is free to leave while 
being taken across state lines by Jeffrey Epstein. 
This is the hypothetical. And being used for sexual 
purposes. Is she, in that hypothetical, not a 
victim to sexual trafficking? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection to form, 
speculation, argumentative. Can you answer 
EFTA01137819
--- PAGE 27 ---
Page 488 
that? 
A. 
I can answer it. Since you gave me a 
hypothetical, as a law professor for 50 years, I 
would give this as a hypothetical to my class. I 
would ask my students do you think it's trafficking, 
do you think a woman has been trafficked when she 
voluntarily, below the age of consent in some 
states, above the age of consent in other states, 
when she voluntarily engages in sexual conduct for 
money, free to leave at any time. 
I think it would be an interesting 
classroom discussion about whether that constitutes 
trafficking. 
That's a different question from whether 
or not that would violate the statute. That would 
violate the statute. But your question is, would it 
constitute trafficking. That would be a very 
interesting law school hypothetical. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
In your opinion, does it constitute 
trafficking? 
A. 
I think the word "trafficking" is 
overused, and I think should be reserved for the 
kinds of people who I have enormous sympathy for, 
people who have no choice, no options, whose 
EFTA01137820
--- PAGE 28 ---
Page 489 
passports have been taken away, who have been forced 
and coerced in some way to engage in sexual conduct. 
And I think it begins to weaken the very 
important term "trafficking" when it's applied to a 
volunteer, close to her 18th birthday who was 
enjoying and spending money and has the option of 
leaving. I know that Sigrid McCawley is shaking her 
head, but that's my honest opinion. 
Q. 
Does your answer to the hypothetical 
change if we rewind time to the beginning of her 
relationship with Jeffrey Epstein when she's 15 or 
16 years old? Meaning are you making a distinction 
because she's 17 as opposed to 16 or 15? If so, 
what's the cutoff? 
A. 
Well, I think that age is relevant. 
MR. INDYKE: For my clarification, this is 
all hypothetical? 
MR. SCAROLA: Yes, it is. 
A. 
Age is one of the relevant factors. It's 
not the only relevant factor. It's one of the 
relevant factors. That's why your hypothetical was 
17, almost 18, 17 and a half. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Let's get that right. That's when, 
November 2000? 
EFTA01137821
--- PAGE 29 ---
Page 490 
A. 
We're talking about January 2001. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: We're still 
operating under the hypothetical? 
MR. EDWARDS: We are. I thought he said 
that my hypothetical was almost 18. Which in 
this hypothetical, she turns 18 in August of 
2001. 
THE WITNESS: 2001, the same year. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was she lying when she said that 
Epstein --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Are we now done 
with the hypothetical? 
MR. EDWARDS: Yes, we are. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
-- engaged in sex with many underage 
girls? Was she lying when she said that? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instructions. 
A. 
I can only say this. You --
MR. SIMPSON: Was there an instruction? 
A. 
There was an instruction, but I can answer 
without that. 
You have accused me of having sex with 
many underage girls --
EFTA01137822
--- PAGE 30 ---
Page 491 
MR. EDWARDS: I move to strike this as 
nonresponsive to my question 
A. 
-- based on no evidence whatsoever. 
MR. EDWARDS: I want a ruling on the 
Motion to Strike. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let me hear the 
rest of it. 
A. 
So when you say "many," I need to know 
with some precision what you have in mind. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'll strike the 
first part of it, the first part of his answer. 
And if you can assist him in defining "many." 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Sure. You do know Bob Josefsberg, 
correct? 
A. 
I've known him since 1959. 
Q. 
And you are aware that he represented, I 
believe, more than 15 girls who claimed to have been 
victims of Mr. Epstein in this case, aren't you? 
A. 
I recommended him for that job because I 
think so highly of him. 
Q. 
And in his Complaints, are you aware that 
he's made the allegation that Defendant Epstein has 
a sexual preference for underage minor girls? Are 
you aware of that? 
EFTA01137823
--- PAGE 31 ---
Page 492 
MR. SCOTT: Just for the record, object to 
the relevancy of all of this. 
A. 
I'm not aware of that. 
MR. INDYKE: Just for the record, to the 
extent that Alan's answer requires him to 
invade privilege, I would object and instruct 
him not to answer. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Within the 
confines of the privilege objection, if you can 
answer. 
A. 
I'm not aware that he said that. I 
haven't read his pleadings. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. Are you aware that in his 
pleadings, he wrote "Defendant Epstein used his 
resources and his influence over vulnerable minor 
girls to engage in a systemic -- systematic pattern 
of sexually exploited behavior"? 
A. 
I'm not aware. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I was not involved in that aspect of the 
case. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You were not involved in the facts part of 
EFTA01137824
--- PAGE 32 ---
Page 493 
the case? 
A. 
I was not involved in the compensation 
part of the case. The part that Bob Josefsberg was 
involved in, I was not involved in. 
MR. INDYKE: Alan, just admonishment, 
let's not go into the subject matter of your 
representation, please. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Going back, was she lying when she says 
Jeffrey Epstein was for one of his birthdays sent 
three 12-year-old girls? Was she lying when she 
said that? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I have absolutely no --
MR. SIMPSON: You got an instruction. 
A. 
Okay. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Are you aware of in the Com laint where 
Bob Josefsberg initially represented 
that Bob Josefsberg is the first to put that 
allegation in the Complaint? Were you aware of 
that? 
A. 
Not aware of that, no. I wouldn't put --
MR. SIMPSON: Please, just answer the 
EFTA01137825
--- PAGE 33 ---
Page 494 
question. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
In 2009, when that Complaint and that 
allegation was asserted, are you aware that Jeffrey 
Epstein never refuted that allegation in any 
pleading? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Were you representing Jeffrey Epstein in 
2009? 
A. 
Not in connection with that case. And I 
was not aware of what his response was, if any. 
Q. 
Are you aware that after that allegation 
was made by 
that Jeffrey Epstein 
paid money to settle her case? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
MR. SCOTT: Let me object to all the 
relevancy of this. 
A. 
My understanding is that the plea bargain 
required him to make payments regardless of what his 
views may have been, that he was absolutely required 
to make those payments. He had no discretion. 
That's my understanding. I may be wrong, but you 
EFTA01137826
--- PAGE 34 ---
Page 495 
can check the actual nonprosecution agreement, but 
that's my understanding of what it said, that he 
could not contest anything. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You were one of the attorneys that 
represented Jeffrey Epstein in the negotiations with 
the United States Attorney's Office, right? 
A. 
Right, along with Kenneth Starr --
MR. INDYKE: Same objection. Objection. 
A. 
No, I don't think you can object to that. 
These are people who are at the hearings, at the 
events with the U.S. Attorney. The people who were 
at the events representing Jeffrey Epstein is not 
privileged, included Roy Black, Ken Starr, Marty 
Weinberg, Jay Lefkowitz --
MR. SCAROLA: Not responsive. 
A. 
-- Jerry Lefcourt. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I only asked if you were one of the 
lawyers. 
A. 
I was one of them, yes. 
Q. 
The answer is yes? 
A. 
The complete answer is yes, but the rest 
of the people were part of the legal team. 
Q. 
I will ask you when I want somebody else's 
EFTA01137827
--- PAGE 35 ---
Page 496 
name. 
Were you a part of the negotiations in 
October of 2007 when the special matter was 
selected? You remember that part? 
A. 
Is the special master Josephsburg? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Yes. 
A. 
My recollection is that I was simply asked 
for a recommendation, but I played no further role. 
Q. 
Were you aware that there was a joint 
letter to the special master created between Jeffrey 
Epstein's attorneys and the United States Attorney's 
Office describing the investigation? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I'm not -- as I sit here today, I have no 
recollection of that. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was 
lying when she says 
that while underage, she was made to massage Jeffrey 
Epstein in the nude, while he masturbated? 
A. 
I have no idea. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
EFTA01137828
--- PAGE 36 ---
Page 497 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
If I show you the proposed joint letter to 
the special master, will it refresh your 
recollection? 
A. 
I want to add to the last question. When 
I say I have no idea, I do know that she said that 
she was giving oral sex to Jeffrey Epstein while I 
stood next to him, and that is a total, categorical, 
absolute lie. So I know she lied about that. 
MR. EDWARDS: Move to strike as 
nonresponsive. 
A. 
But that's relevant to standing naked and 
being masturbated. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Move on to your 
next question. 
A. 
Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
When I am asking for nonprivileged 
information or evidence that would give you  the 
ability to tell me whether 
is lying 
when she says she had sex with Jeffrey Epstein while 
underage, would you consider a joint letter crafted 
between Jeffrey Epstein's lawyers and the United 
States Attorney's Office to form the basis of that 
EFTA01137829
--- PAGE 37 ---
Page 498 
answer? Let me rephrase the question. 
When I'm asking for nonprivileged 
information that you may have to demonstrate the 
truth or falsity of 
statement that 
she was made to have sex with Jeffrey Epstein while 
underage, would you consider the joint letter to the 
special master evidence from which you could draw an 
answer? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection. 
A. 
I would have to know more about it than 
that. I would have to know the nature of the 
letter, the reason it was sent. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Would you like to review the letter? Is 
that going to help you? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Ask him if he's 
seen the letter first. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You were part of the team that was mainly 
negotiating with U.S. Attorney's Office, correct? 
A. 
I was only negotiating the criminal part 
of the case. 
Q. 
Okay. I'm going to show you the letter, 
and if you had nothing to do with it, tell me that. 
If you've never seen it before, then tell me that. 
EFTA01137830
--- PAGE 38 ---
Page 499 
I guess my first question is, have you 
seen it? 
MR. INDYKE: I would object to that. 
MR. SCOTT: I would like to make a request 
for this depo and future depositions, if they 
are going to show exhibits to a witness, I 
think we should be -- have a copy of them. 
We provided copies to you of all exhibits 
we used during the deposition of your client. 
And I think if you're going to pull out 
exhibits and have one, you should have at least 
copies for counsel, and I would agree to do the 
same thing, rather than having to run and make 
a copy and all the rest of it. 
MR. EDWARDS: I wasn't ready for him to be 
unfamiliar with his and his legal team's 
correspondence. 
MR. SCOTT: I understand, but you haven't 
had any all day. So all I'm asking you, 
Mr. Edwards, is that we have copies of exhibits 
that you intend to confront the witness with. 
That's -- as you pointed out, you've got all 
the questions laid out, so you know where we're 
headed. There's a note on here. Do you want 
that on there? 
EFTA01137831
--- PAGE 39 ---
Page 500 
MR. EDWARDS: No. 
MR. SCOTT: It's one of your cheat sheet 
notes. I don't know if you really want that on 
there. 
MR. EDWARDS: It just says "Isn't this 
nonprivileged?" 
MR. SCOTT: Okay. It's still an exhibit 
going into evidence, right? Without your 
notes? 
MR. SIMPSON: Can we get it marked? 
THE WITNESS: This is a draft, not a 
letter. 
MR. EDWARDS: I said it's a proposed 
letter. I read the title exactly. 
(Thereupon, marked as Plaintiff Exhibit 
19.) 
A. 
This is not -- it's not familiar to me 
except that what I said previously that as part of 
the resolution of this case, Mr. Epstein agreed he 
would not contest jurisdiction for the victims who 
chose to sue him, et cetera, is consistent with my 
memory, but I have no recollection of actually 
seeing this draft, this proposed draft. 
MR. SCOTT: That's number? 
COURT REPORTER: Nineteen. 
EFTA01137832
--- PAGE 40 ---
Page 501 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Wouldn't you agree -- wasn't 
one of the listed victims to the 
nonprosecution agreement? 
A. 
If so, I was not aware of. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
As you sit here today, after having made 
many statements about 
being a 
serial liar --
A. 
She is. 
Q. 
-- you have no idea whether she was a 
listed victim to the nonprosecution agreement? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection, asked and answered. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
Right now, I have no recollection of 
whether she was listed or not. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
I know that the FBI tried to speak to her 
and she wouldn't speak to them is my recollection. 
MR. SCAROLA: That's not responsive. 
MR. EDWARDS: Not responsive. 
EFTA01137833
--- PAGE 41 ---
Page 502 
Q. 
Was 
underage? 
MR. SCAROLA: Move to strike. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That, I will 
strike. Move forward. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was Virginia lying when she says that 
Jeffrey Epstein also had sex with a girl named 
who is a Hollywood actress, from the time 
was 13 years old? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objections, same 
instruction. 
MR. SCOTT: Can you answer that? 
A. 
I've never heard that name. It's not 
familiar to me at all. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
lying when she says 
she traveled to Jeffrey Epstein's island when 
MR. INDYKE: Same objections, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
By "underage," I mean under the age of 18. 
A. 
I can only tell you I never saw her on the 
island. I was on the island when she was not there. 
I would love to know whole story she was 
on the island --
EFTA01137834
--- PAGE 42 ---
Page 503 
MR. SCOTT: There's no question pending. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
The two-page flight log exhibit, if we 
look at January 22nd, 2001, and also 
December 14th, 2000, can you look at those, and 
I'll ask a question. 
A. 
Sure. Give me the dates again. 
January 16? 
Q. 
Where it has the departing airport code 
and --
A. 
Yeah. 
Q. 
-- where she's landing. 
A. 
Right. 
Q. 
TIST is the code for Virgin Islands, 
correct? 
A. 
I have no idea. Been to the Virgin 
Islands once that I remember. 
Q. 
You have been to Jeffrey Epstein's home on 
the Virgin Islands, haven't you? 
MR. SCOTT: He's already answered that. 
A. 
I was with my wife and my daughter and 
Professor --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I don't mean to ask who you went with -- I 
didn't mean to ask --
EFTA01137835
--- PAGE 43 ---
Page 504 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on. Let 
him finish his answer. I think this is 
contextual. I'm okay with it. 
A. 
And six months before 
ever met Jeffrey Epstein. So I was never on the 
island during the period of time that Jeffrey 
Epstein knew  
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Go ahead. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
My question was, how did you get to the 
island? 
A. 
Jeffrey Epstein sent a one-engine, small 
plane with a 70-year-old pilot for me, my wife and 
my daughter, and I regret to this day ever getting 
on that plane. Flew us from Guadalupe to the Virgin 
Islands, where I was picked up by a boat and taken 
to Jeffrey Epstein's island where we had dinner with 
Michael Porter and his wife and family and my wife 
and my daughter, and stayed, as far as we remember, 
for one night and left the next day. 
Q. 
How did you get to Guadalupe? 
A. 
Jeffrey Epstein flew us from Charleston, 
South Carolina, where we were visiting Caroline, my 
wife's mother, on an airplane that had a bathroom 
that had only a little curtain. That's all I 
EFTA01137836
--- PAGE 44 ---
Page 505 
remember about it. 
Q. 
What was the date of that trip that you're 
describing that you took Jeffrey Epstein's island? 
MR. SCOTT: If you know. 
A. 
It was six months or eight months before 
she ever met Jeffrey Epstein, so it would be 
Christmas, around Christmastime, around Christmas 
vacation of the year 1998, to my recollection. But 
I would have to check. 
When it is she met Jeffrey Epstein in that 
summer, it was the winter before that. That's the 
only time I've ever been on the island, so her 
statement that she had sex with me on the island is 
totally, categorically made up. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
My question is, where is the flight log of 
that trip that you just described? 
A. 
Neither flight -- neither flight was on 
Jeffrey Epstein's airplane. The flight that we went 
from Charleston to Guadalupe, somebody owed Jeffrey 
Epstein several hours on an airplane, so Jeffrey 
borrowed his Learjet, it was a Learjet, borrowed his 
Learjet, two or three hours on the Learjet because 
it would have taken us ten hours to fly from 
Charleston to Atlanta, Atlanta to Puerto Rico and 
EFTA01137837
--- PAGE 45 ---
Page 506 
Miami, and Miami or Puerto Rico to Guadalupe. 
So Jeffrey offered to use the credit he 
had with someone else on a Learjet to fly us to 
Guadalupe, and then used -- then rented -- it was 
$1,200, I remember seeing the bill, to fly the small 
airplane from Guadalupe. He was anxious for us to 
see his newly bought -- relatively newly bought 
island, and so we went there with my daughter and we 
dug around in the sand and we had dinner with the 
various professors and that. Then we left. 
Q. 
So there are no flight manifests --
A. 
I have no idea. 
Q. 
-- for the trip that you just described? 
A. 
I have no idea. There probably are, 
probably on the Learjet is probably the manifest. 
Q. 
In fact, in the statements that the flight 
manifests will conclusively and demonstratively 
exonerate you --
A. 
That's true. 
Q. 
-- where can we get the full flight 
manifests so that we can review and make that 
determination for ourselves? Do you know? 
A. 
I assume --
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
EFTA01137838
--- PAGE 46 ---
Page 507 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
What we have here --
MR. INDYKE: Attorney-client, work product 
and common interests. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
What we have here is only the fraction of 
flights where Dave Rogers was one of the pilots. 
Can you help us get the flight logs from Larry 
Visosky, Larry Morrison, any of the flight logs from 
the helicopters, et cetera? 
A. 
I would love to. It would all show that I 
wasn't on the plane. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I will do everything in my power --
MR. SCOTT: You can make any request you 
want to through counsel, and we'll take them 
up. 
A. 
But I will do everything in my power to 
get you every flight manifest. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Move forward. 
MR. INDYKE: We do not waive any 
objection. 
MR. SCAROLA: And that request has been 
made. 
EFTA01137839
--- PAGE 47 ---
Page 508 
underage? 
A. 
Is that a question? 
MR. SCOTT: No. Just Mr. Scarola 
MR. EDWARDS: Just that we made a request 
for production. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was 
lying when she says that she 
was taken to Jeffrey Epstein's home in New York 
while underage? 
A. 
I have no idea. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was 
lying when she says she was 
taken to Jeffrey Epstein's ranch in New Mexico while 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I can tell you this. She's lying when she 
said she met me at the ranch. So I cannot believe 
anything she says about the ranch. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was she lying when she says Ghislaine 
Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein used sex toys on her 
when she was underage? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
EFTA01137840
--- PAGE 48 ---
Page 509 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was she lying when she says Jeffrey 
Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell made her dress up in 
outfits for them? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
Well, I can -- but I do have some material 
outside of the record on that. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
I know that Sigrid McCawley said that she 
said that Leslie Wexner made her dress up --
MS. McCAWLEY: I am going to object to the 
extent that you are trying to reveal 
conversations that were part of a settlement 
discussion which the judge has already sealed 
the record on and there is a pending motion for 
sanctions. And if you're going to start 
revealing that information, we're going 
directly to the Judge Lynch. 
A. 
I am going to start revealing 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No, I'm going to 
stop you --
THE WITNESS: Let me tell you why. 
EFTA01137841
--- PAGE 49 ---
Page 510 
Because I didn't get that from Sigrid or from 
David Boise. I got it from Leslie Wexner's 
lawyer in a totally nonprivileged 
communication. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let me stop you. 
I don't believe it's responsive to the question 
that's pending, so let's move forward. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
My question was, was she lying -- was 
lying when she says Jeffrey Epstein 
and Ghislaine Maxwell made her dress up in outfits 
for them? 
A. 
I can only say that that allegation has 
been made regarding Leslie Wexner as well. 
Q. 
It has nothing to do with my question. 
MR. SCAROLA: Move to strike. 
A. 
Leslie Wexner's lawyer regards that as a 
full statement and, therefore, I can only assume 
that it's a false statement when made about someone 
else. I think that's relevant. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: So with respect 
to the --
MR. EDWARDS: I'm moving to strike the 
nonresponsive portion of that answer. 
THE WITNESS: He opened the door. 
EFTA01137842
--- PAGE 50 ---
Page 511 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I do believe it 
was nonresponsive in its entirety. Move 
forward. Go ahead. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you know Jean-Luc Brunel? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Have you ever met him? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I have no memory of ever meeting a man by 
that name. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you know what his role was in Jeffrey 
Epstein's life? 
A. 
No. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. Mr. Dershowitz, if you would let 
me make my objections before you respond. 
THE WITNESS: Right. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was 
lying when she said 
Jeffrey Epstein socialized with Bill Clinton during 
the relevant time period? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instructions. 
EFTA01137843
--- PAGE 51 ---
Page 512 
A. 
My information is that 
was lying when she said that she saw Bill Clinton on 
Jeffrey Epstein's island. That's all I can comment 
about with that. And she's lying about that. And 
she's lying about how Bill Clinton got to the 
island. 
MR. EDWARDS: I move to strike the 
Nonresponsive portion of the answer. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No, it's 
relevant to what you asked. Move forward. I'm 
not going to strike it. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I'm going to go back to the question until 
I get an answer, though. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Go ahead. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
That is, when 
said that 
during the relevant time period, which we defined as 
1999 through 2002 --
A. 
Let's be clear. Around August of both of 
those years, right? 
Q. 
I think August of '99 through October of 
2002. 
A. 
September, I think it is. 
Q. 
Okay. Was she lying -- was 
EFTA01137844
--- PAGE 52 ---
Page 513 
lying when she said Jeffrey Epstein 
socialized with Bill Clinton during that time 
period? 
A. 
I don't know. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And you have no nonprivileged information 
that would provide you the answer to that? 
A. 
I have nonprivileged information that 
provides me that they socialized together at some 
point. I don't know whether it was within that 
timeframe at all. I know they went to Africa 
together on a mission of goodwill, but I don't know 
the date of that. So I can't tell you whether it 
was in the period or outside the period. You may 
know that; I don't. 
Q. 
Well, if Jeffrey Epstein and Bill Clinton 
associated, but only at some time period either 
before or after the relevant time period, it would 
immediately disprove her statement that Bill Clinton 
and Jeffrey Epstein socialized during that time 
period? 
A. 
I don't understand that question. 
Q. 
No? 
EFTA01137845
--- PAGE 53 ---
Page 514 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I don't 
understand the question either. If you can 
rephrase the question, that would be helpful. 
MR. EDWARDS: Sure. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
If you -- do you know from nonprivileged 
information whether Jeffrey Epstein and Bill Clinton 
ever socialized? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Do you know the beginning -- when their 
relationship began? 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same objection, 
same instruction. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Again, under 
nonprivileged. 
MR. EDWARDS: Under nonprivileged 
information. 
MR. SCOTT: Do you have any nonprivileged 
information about that? 
A. 
I remember having dinner at the home of 
Caroline Kennedy and Ed Schlossberg with President 
Clinton, and he basically asked me how Jeffrey was 
doing, and led me to believe that he had some 
relationship with Jeffrey. I don't remember whether 
that dinner -- when that dinner was. I can probably 
EFTA01137846
--- PAGE 54 ---
Page 515 
find out. But that would be nonprivileged. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was he still President at the time that 
conversation was taking place? 
A. 
I don't remember. 
Q. 
Have you ever been, yourself, together 
with Jeffrey Epstein and Bill Clinton? 
A 
No 
Q. 
Have you ever talked to Jeffrey Epstein 
about Bill Clinton? 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same objection, 
same instruction. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Nonprivileged. 
MR. EDWARDS: Yeah, nonprivileged. 
A. 
It's hard to sort out the privileged and 
the nonprivileged. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: So based upon 
the objection, I would ask that you -- unless 
it's obvious, then no, until we sort that out. 
A. 
I shouldn't answer that probably. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'm going to 
grant his objection at this point, again, as a 
continuum because I want to make sure that we 
preserve this issue for later on. 
EFTA01137847
--- PAGE 55 ---
Page 516 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
In a previous -- previously in this 
deposition, you indicated your representation of 
Jeffrey Epstein on this subject matter began in 
2005, right? 
A. 
It began, I think I said, when the first 
allegations were. I don't have an exact date in 
mind. 
Q. 
The relevant time period for 
as we've defined, is 1999 through 2002. 
A. 
That's correct, yes. 
Q 
So I'm asking if you know from Jeffrey 
Epstein, in a time period prior to your 
representation, whether he was socializing with Bill 
Clinton. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
Yes, yes. 
MR. SCOTT: As long as it's a 
nonprivileged situation. 
A. 
He was. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
He was? 
A. 
He was. 
Q. 
So prior 
EFTA01137848
--- PAGE 56 ---
Page 517 
A. 
During the whole period of time up through 
2005, you're saying? Yes. 
Q. 
Right. 
A. 
Yes, I think this dinner occurred before 
2005, so I would -- yes. 
Q. 
So what did Jeffrey Epstein tell you about 
his relationship with Bill Clinton? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Prior to 2005, obviously. 
A. 
That they knew each other and that they 
were doing some charitable work together. 
Q. 
Had Bill Clinton ever been to Jeffrey 
Epstein's home? 
A. 
I'm not aware. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
What kind of charitable work was Jeffrey 
Epstein --
A. 
I can tell you Donald Trump has been to 
Jeffrey Epstein's home, and I've seen him there. 
Q. 
Okay. What question do you think that 
you're answering? 
EFTA01137849
--- PAGE 57 ---
Page 518 
A. 
Well, you're asking about general things 
people --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let's move 
forward. 
A. 
-- so I mean, I gave you an example of one 
who has been there. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. I'm specifically talking about 
when -- we started with was Virginia lying when she 
said that Jeffrey Epstein socialized with Bill 
Clinton during the relevant time period. And now 
I'm drilling it. 
A. 
I don't know the answer to that. 
Q. 
Okay. Did you understand -- did Bill 
Clinton travel with Jeffrey Epstein? 
A. 
My understanding from newspaper --
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
My understanding from newspaper accounts 
is that they went to Africa together with some other 
famous people, and I think maybe went to Asia 
together as well. So the answer is yes, I am aware 
through nonprivileged sources that they traveled 
together, yes. 
MR. SCOTT: Can we take a break in a few 
EFTA01137850
--- PAGE 58 ---
Page 519 
minutes? I would like -- in the afternoon, he 
gets a little tired, so I would like to, every 
hour or so, take -- an hour and ten minutes, 
take a couple-minute break. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: You tell me when 
is a good --
MR. EDWARDS: Maybe 15 minutes and we'll 
switch topics, and we can take a break. Good, 
Tom? 
MR. SCOTT: Yes. 
MR. EDWARDS: Okay. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was 
lying when she says 
she was introduced to Prince Andrew through Jeffrey 
Epstein? 
and 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Under 
non-privileged information. 
A. 
I have seen a photograph of Prince Andrew 
and Ghislaine Maxwell. I have 
myself met Prince Andrew. He came to my class at 
Harvard Law School and there was a dinner for him, 
and he asked about Jeffrey Epstein. We discussed 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
EFTA01137851
--- PAGE 59 ---
Page 520 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I don't know if this was -- I believe it 
was attached to the deposition last time. 
A. 
That's the photograph. 
MR. SCOTT: I think it was. 
MR. SCAROLA: It was. 
MR. EDWARDS: I think it was, too. 
MR. SCOTT: It was. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
So you're familiar with this photograph? 
A. 
Yes, and I'm also familiar there's no 
comparable photograph with me in it. 
Q. 
Okay. 
MR. SCAROLA: That's not responsive. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Move forward. 
MR. SCAROLA: Move to strike. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And in this photograph, this is Prince 
Andrew over here on the left? 
A. 
That's true, yeah. 
Q. 
And this is 
in the 
middle? 
A. 
I've never seen -- I've never met 
Ms. Roberts, never seen her. 
Q. 
So are you saying that she is lying when 
EFTA01137852
--- PAGE 60 ---
Page 521 
she says that's her? 
A. 
No, I just don't -- I've never seen her. 
MR. SCOTT: Objection, argumentative. 
A. 
Those are photographs -- I've seen 
photographs --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. Reask 
rephrase the question. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And who is this over here on the --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No, rephrase the 
question, the previous question about who the 
young lady is next to Prince Andrew. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Sure. Do you know who this lady is in the 
middle of this photograph? 
A. 
On the basis of newspaper accounts, it is 
reported that she is 
I wouldn't 
be able -- if you had shown me that picture a year 
and 16 days ago, I would not have been able to tell 
you that that's 
because I didn't 
know who she was. 
Q. 
And who is the other person that's in this 
photograph? 
A. 
Ghislaine Maxwell. 
Q. 
And that's somebody else that you know, 
EFTA01137853
--- PAGE 61 ---
Page 522 
correct? 
A. 
I do. 
Q. 
And you know her through Jeffrey Epstein, 
right? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I wrote an article about her father's 
death years ago, and I don't remember if I met her 
independently. I do remember meeting her through 
her -- I remember that the Lady Rothschild asked me 
to meet Jeffrey Epstein, and when Jeffrey Epstein 
came to meet me, he was with Ghislaine Maxwell. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And when was that? 
A. 
The first time I Jeffrey Epstein, which 
would have been in the summer of Leslie Wexner's 
59th birthday. That's all I can tell you is the 
summer of his 59th birthday because I then flew with 
Jeffrey Epstein to Leslie Wexner's 59th birthday. I 
was presented to Leslie Wexner. Leslie would like 
to get as birthday gifts interesting people that his 
friends had met during the year, and so I was 
Jeffrey Epstein's intellectual gift to Leslie 
Wexner. And it was that year that I met Jeffrey 
Epstein. That's the best I can date it. 
EFTA01137854
--- PAGE 62 ---
Page 523 
Q. 
Okay. And Ghislaine Maxwell, you are 
aware, is involved in litigation with 
right now, correct? 
A. 
She is being sued by ' 
for 
defamation, not for the underlying offenses, which 
are beyond the statute of limitations, as I 
understand it, correct. 
Q. 
And have you spoken with Ghislaine Maxwell 
about the allegations against her and her denials? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
MR. SCOTT: Don't answer it. It's 
privileged. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
4. 
I'm asking about your conversations with 
Ghislaine Maxwell, who's in a separate litigation, 
civil litigation for defamation. Have you 
personally spoken with Ghislaine Maxwell since these 
allegations? 
A. 
If there's no objection, I will answer. 
MR. INDYKE: There was an objection. Same 
objection, same instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is there a joint defense agreement related 
to the civil allegation -- actions regarding the 
EFTA01137855
--- PAGE 63 ---
Page 524 
defamation actions that involve Ghislaine Maxwell 
and yourself? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: What's the 
basis -- can you explain to me what the basis 
of the objection is -- and what was the 
question? 
MR. EDWARDS: Has Mr. Dershowitz spoken 
with Ghislaine Maxwell since the allegations --
since this defamation suit came about as well 
as the defamation suit with Ghislaine Maxwell. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Let me ask it cleaner. Have you spoken 
with Ghislaine Maxwell since January 2015? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
So that I'm clear, there is a joint 
defense of the allegations regarding Ghislaine 
Maxwell that's New York litigation and this 
defamation case? 
MR. INDYKE: There's a common interest 
agreement in effect with respect to the 
New York case and a common interest agreement 
with respect to this case. 
EFTA01137856
--- PAGE 64 ---
Page 525 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. Was 
lying when she 
says that she was taken by Ghislaine Maxwell and --
MR. SCAROLA: Who negotiated the agreement 
and when? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is there a common interest agreement in 
existence with respect to the allegations that have 
arisen since January of 2015 or that you contend 
covers that? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
If there is, who negotiated this 
agreement? 
MR. SCAROLA: Can we have a ruling on 
propriety? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: You haven't 
pushed me, so I let you go. 
MR. SCAROLA: Can we have a ruling as to 
whether we get to know whether Mr. Dershowitz 
is a party to a common interest agreement with 
Ghislaine Maxwell? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Counsel --
MS. McCAWLEY: Also, just this is Sigrid 
EFTA01137857
--- PAGE 65 ---
Page 526 
McCawley, if any of the individuals on the 
phone are representing Ghislaine Maxwell, my 
understanding is the person on the phone is 
representing Jeffrey Epstein, not Ghislaine 
Maxwell. That needs to be clarified. 
MR. INDYKE: Correct. Correct. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: The answer is 
correct? 
MR. INDYKE: With respect to Mr. Epstein, 
I can tell you there's a common interest 
agreement with respect to this matter and a 
common interest agreement with respect to the 
Ghislaine Maxwell suit in New York. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Is 
Mr. Dershowitz party to that? 
MR. INDYKE: Mr. Dershowitz is party to a 
common interest agreement with Jeffrey in this 
case. And I believe -- I'd have to check, but 
I believe that that would extend --
MR. SCAROLA: We want an answer from the 
witness as to whether the witness is a party to 
a common interest agreement with Ghislaine 
Maxwell. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Then ask the 
question, because I haven't seen the question 
EFTA01137858
--- PAGE 66 ---
Page 527 
asked yet. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Are you a party to a common interest 
agreement with Ghislaine Maxwell? 
A. 
If there's no objection, I'll answer it. 
MR. INDYKE: I apologize. I thought we 
were still operating under the original set of 
objections. So I will repeat it. Same 
objection, same instruction. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: With respect to 
that question, you can answer. 
A. 
My understanding is that I am still 
Jeffrey Epstein's lawyer. Jeffrey Epstein, I 
understand, has a common interest or joint defense 
agreement with Ghislaine Maxwell, so I have -- my 
understanding is that I am bound by a common 
agreement. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is this the same common interest agreement 
that we were talking about from 2005, or is this a 
separate common interest agreement that has been 
signed as a consequence of the lawsuits that have 
been filed since January 2015? 
MR. INDYKE: If this is a new question, 
I'll assert the same objection and the same 
EFTA01137859
--- PAGE 67 ---
Page 528 
instruction. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: And I'm going to 
overrule the objection. And you can answer 
that. 
A. 
My understanding is that it's a 
combination; that is, it reflects the previous 
agreement and that there is a new agreement that 
supplemented the previous agreement. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
When you say it's your understanding, is 
this understanding in writing; meaning, is there a 
written common interest agreement that has been put 
in place since January of 2015? 
A. 
I don't know. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
MR. SCOTT: Can we take a recess when we 
get a chance? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Yes, but I'm 
going to instruct you 
A. 
I don't know. I don't know the answer to 
that, whether there's additional writing or not. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Last question, then we take a break. Have 
you signed any such agreement 
EFTA01137860
--- PAGE 68 ---
Page 529 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
-- since January 2015? 
A. 
Since January? Not to my recollection. 
MR. EDWARDS: We can take a break. 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going off the record. The 
time is approximately 2:09 p.m. 
(Recess was held from 2:09 p.m. until 2:26 p.m.) 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going back on the record. 
Time is approximately 2:26 p.m. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Going back to the photograph, was 
lying when she says that she was taken to 
London where this photograph was taken? 
A. 
I have no idea. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instructions. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was 
lying when she says 
that she was paid to have sex with Prince Andrew? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instructions. 
A. 
Can you tell me what age she was when that 
happened? 
EFTA01137861
--- PAGE 69 ---
Page 530 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
The photograph is printed in March of 
2001, which is when she's 17, which just means that 
the photograph was taken sometime before that date. 
So she was at least as young as 17 is the best that 
I can tell you. 
A. 
Under the age of consent, that would be an 
act of prostitution 
If she was paid $15,000 to 
have sex with Prince Andrew at the age of 17 in 
England, she would be guilty of prostitution. 
Q. 
My question is, was she lying when she 
says that she was paid to have sex with Prince 
Andrew? 
A. 
I have no idea. 
Q. 
You have met Prince Andrew, right? 
A. 
I have. 
Q. 
He sat in the back of your classrooms? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection, asked and answered 
twice. 
A. 
Once, yes 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I think we went to Jeffrey Epstein sitting 
in your classrooms, but now I'm talking about Prince 
Andrew sat in your classroom as well, right? 
A. 
Yes, once. 
EFTA01137862
--- PAGE 70 ---
Page 531 
MR. SCOTT: I thought we went through 
Andrew before; maybe I'm wrong. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you, since the -- since January of 
2015, have you contacted Prince Andrew? 
A 
No. I got a Christmas card from him. 
Q. 
Have you spoke with him about the 
allegations that were alleged against Prince Andrew? 
A. 
Not to him, but to -- not to him. 
Q. 
Have you spoke to some representative of 
his, of Prince Andrew? 
A. 
I need to know whether --
MR. INDYKE: Guy, sorry, I was just cut 
off for some reason. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hold on a 
second. Go ahead and restate your question 
so -- Darren, can you hear now? 
MR. INDYKE: Yes, I can. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
My question is, have you spoken with 
Prince Andrew or any representative of or for Prince 
Andrew since January of 2015? 
MR. SCOTT: If any of that involved work 
product on our part, I am instructing you not 
to answer. 
EFTA01137863
--- PAGE 71 ---
Page 532 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction on my end as well. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Whether or not you have spoken with him 
would not be protected. 
A. 
I have not spoken to him. 
MR. SCOTT: That, I don't have a problem 
with. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you spoken with any representative of 
Prince Andrew since January of 2015? 
A. 
Is there any objection? I don't think I 
have, but I think my lawyers have. But I don't 
think I have. 
MR. SCOTT: Don't go into any work 
product. 
A. 
I don't think I have. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you know that some representative of 
yours has spoken with some representative of Prince 
Andrew since January of 2015? 
A. 
I think so, yes. 
Q. 
Is Prince Andrew a party to any joint 
defense agreement? 
A. 
Not that I am --
EFTA01137864
--- PAGE 72 ---
Page 533 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I'm not aware of any. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. Do you know which representative 
which of your representatives communicated with 
which of Prince Andrew's representatives? 
A. 
No. I do remember being told, though, 
that there was a call from Prince Andrew's people to 
one of my lawyers, but that's all I know. 
Q. 
So when I'm asking you whether 
is lying about having sex with Prince Andrew 
when she was under the age of 18, do you know the 
answer to that question from --
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
Same answer. If it's based on her own 
statement, I have no reason to believe it. If 
there's other objective evidence, I'm not aware of 
it. So based on her own statements, since she in 
the same affidavit falsely accused me, I have no 
reason to believe she would be telling the truth. 
But I don't have any personal knowledge of that. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
What information do you have from Prince 
EFTA01137865
--- PAGE 73 ---
Page 534 
Andrew's representative on that subject? 
MR. SCOTT: Don't answer that question. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I can say publicly --
MR. SCOTT: Don't answer that. You've 
been told. 
A. 
Okay, I'm sorry. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
So 
makes the statement 
that she was made to have sex with Prince Andrew 
when she was underage, and you have looked at 
statement and said, I don't 
believe it. Now the other person that would know 
the answer to that is Prince Andrew. 
A. 
Who has denied it. 
Q. 
So is it your statement now that Prince 
Andrew, through his -- through some agent of his or 
representative, has communicated to you or some 
representative of yours that he is denying that 
allegation? 
A. 
Denied it in public. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
MR. SCOTT: Work product. Unless you know 
EFTA01137866
--- PAGE 74 ---
Page 535 
from a public source. 
A. 
I do. He's denied it in public. Also, if 
her story is true, it would not be underage sex, it 
would be above age sex if it occurred at the time 
she says it occurred in the place she says that it 
took place. And it would, therefore, be an act of 
prostitution under British law. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
So in your opinion, did she -- do you have 
information that indicates that 
committed an act of prostitution by having sex with 
Prince Andrew? 
A. 
I have no indication other than --
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
-- other than her own word, which I don't 
credit. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Has Jeffrey Epstein spoken with Prince 
Andrew about the allegations? 
A. 
I have no idea. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. Please wait until I get my 
objection. 
MR. SCOTT: Don't answer that question, 
EFTA01137867
--- PAGE 75 ---
Page 536 
he's telling you. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Ghislaine Maxwell has been friends and 
acquaintances of Prince Andrew for a very long time. 
You know that, right? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is that privileged, the answer to that 
question, Ghislaine Maxwell's relationship with 
Prince Andrew? Let me ask it this way --
MR. INDYKE: To the extent that 
Mr. Dershowitz obtained that information in 
connection with his representation of Jeffrey 
Epstein, of course it is. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I have a better way to go about this, 
then. Ghislaine Maxwell and -- you met her well 
before 2005, didn't you? 
A. 
I did, yes. 
Q. 
And Prince Andrew you met before 2005 as 
well, correct? 
A. 
I think it was before 2005, yeah. 
Q. 
And prior to 2005, you understood that 
Ghislaine Maxwell and Prince Andrew were social 
EFTA01137868
--- PAGE 76 ---
Page 537 
acquaintances, didn't you? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That deals with 
if you have any nonprivileged. 
A. 
I do. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Then I would 
overrule the objection to that extent. 
A. 
I've seen them together at a party on 
Martha's Vineyard given by Lady Rothschild. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And back at that time, prior to your 
representation of Jeffrey Epstein, did he tell you 
that he had been introduced to Prince Andrew through 
Ghislaine Maxwell? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. As Mr. Dershowitz previously 
responded to the question about representation, 
he said it was -- maybe he did not represent 
Mr. Epstein in this case, but he represented 
him in other cases. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I will overrule 
the objection to the extent that you have 
nonprivileged information that you can base the 
answer. 
EFTA01137869
--- PAGE 77 ---
Page 538 
A. 
Yes. And in a letter that Prince Andrew 
wrote to me thanking me for inviting him to my class 
and having the dinner for him at Harvard Law School, 
he made a reference to Jeffrey Epstein. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And when was -- when did Prince Andrew 
write a letter to you? 
A. 
When he came to my class at Harvard Law 
School, just a thank-you note. 
Q. 
What was the approximate date of that 
letter? 
A. 
I don't know. 
Q. 
What was the approximate year of the 
letter? 
A. 
I don't know. 
Q. 
Do you still have the letter? 
A. 
I'll check. 
Q. 
Is there any reason why you haven't 
personally contacted Prince Andrew to discuss these 
allegations? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection, hypothetical, 
speculation. 
A. 
Not easy to reach the Queen, not easy to 
reach the Prince. I don't know who I would call. 
EFTA01137870
--- PAGE 78 ---
Page 539 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Couldn't you just call Ghislaine Maxwell, 
though? It's not that easy for many people. 
Couldn't you call Ghislaine? 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
MR. SCOTT: Argumentative. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you know the circumstances -- as you 
sit here, the circumstances that led to this 
photograph being taken in London? 
A. 
No. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you ever seen photographs or the 
copies of photographs of young naked teenage girls 
that were taken from within the closet of Jeffrey 
Epstein's home in Palm Beach? 
A. 
Absolutely not. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you ever attempted to get those 
photographs from the law enforcement --
MR. SCOTT: Let the lawyer make his 
EFTA01137871
--- PAGE 79 ---
Page 540 
objection before you respond, Professor 
Dershowitz. 
MR. INDYKE: Finish your question, please. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you ever attempted to obtain those 
photographs taken through the search warrant of 
Jeffrey Epstein's home from law enforcement? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
MR. EDWARDS: He's being instructed not to 
answer whether he's ever attempted to obtain 
the photographs? 
MR. INDYKE: If it was done in connection 
with his representation of Mr. Epstein, it's 
work product. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
But I'm asking about communication that 
you had with law enforcement. Are you claiming that 
the communication you had with law enforcement is 
protected by privilege? 
MR. SCOTT: He's not claiming anything. 
He's being instructed by a lawyer. 
MR. EDWARDS: Okay. Well, I want to 
understand what the record is --
MR. SCOTT: Then ask the lawyer, not my 
EFTA01137872
--- PAGE 80 ---
Page 541 
client. 
MR. EDWARDS: Darren, is that you? 
MR. INDYKE: That is me, yes. 
MR. EDWARDS: Are you saying that 
Mr. Dershowitz or any of Jeffrey Epstein's 
legal team, that their communication with law 
enforcement is privileged? 
MR. INDYKE: Whether or not such 
communication exists and if they've never been 
used, yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you know whether the photographs of 
young, naked teenage girls that were taken within 
Jeffrey Epstein's home contain photographs of 
while she was a young girl? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
Of course not. I've never seen those 
photographs. But here I can answer nowhere, if I 
ever was with Jeffrey Epstein in any of his homes, 
did I ever see a naked photograph of anybody except 
for a Rodin model, which was a sepia print in the 
entranceway, kind of a classic Rodin model print, 
but I've never, ever seen any photograph of any 
naked, underage, inappropriate -- my grandchildren 
EFTA01137873
--- PAGE 81 ---
Page 542 
visited his house. My wife visited his house. I 
never would have permitted anybody to visit a home 
that had those kinds of pictures displayed. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was 
lying when she said 
that Epstein sent girls to some of his friends? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
To any of his friends? 
MR. SCOTT: Only on nonprivileged. 
A. 
To the extent that she said that I was one 
of those friends, which I know is a categorical 
absolute lie, I would not believe anything she said 
about having been sent to others of his friends. 
But I don't have personal knowledge of that. All I 
have is personal knowledge that lied when she said 
she was sent to me. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you at any time obtained personal 
knowledge of Jeffrey Epstein having sent any girls 
to any of his friends? 
A. 
No. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
EFTA01137874
--- PAGE 82 ---
Page 543 
instruction. Please wait for the objection. 
MR. SCOTT: Please listen. 
THE WITNESS: I'm sorry. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
When and under what circumstances did you 
first hear 
name? 
A. 
My recollection --
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
My answer will show it's not privileged. 
My current recollection is the first time I heard 
the name was when I was called and told that she was 
accusing me. The name was not familiar to me at the 
time. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Were you ever familiar with the list of 
victims that were listed as a part of the criminal 
investigation -- the federal criminal investigation? 
MR. SCOTT: Asked and answered in the last 
depo and earlier today. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was 
lying when she said that 
Jeffrey Epstein's code word for sexual encounters 
EFTA01137875
--- PAGE 83 ---
Page 544 
with minors was "massage"? 
A. 
I have no idea. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you reviewed the message pads that 
were taken as a result of trash pulls conducted by 
the Palm Beach Police Department on Jeffrey 
Epstein's home? 
A. 
Not to my knowledge. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you reviewed the document that has 
been at times referred to as the "Holy Grail," which 
is a phone journal from Jeffrey Epstein's computer? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction to the extent it's privileged and 
you got it other than from any kind of 
disclosure by Mr. Edwards. 
MR. SCOTT: Unless it's nonprivileged. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: All these 
questions -- with respect to nonprivileged, if 
you can answer them, answer them. 
A. 
I'm happy to answer them all. So the 
EFTA01137876
--- PAGE 84 ---
Page 545 
question is am I familiar with this -- is this the 
one that has the circles? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Yes. 
A. 
That has Donald Trump circled and Bill 
Clinton circled and me circled? 
Q. 
I didn't know that it had Bill Clinton 
circled. 
A. 
Maybe not. 
Q. 
So, just so that the record is clear, the 
journal -- was the journal 
MR. SCOTT: Was this marked in the last 
depo? I don't recall. I don't think so. 
MR. SCAROLA: I don't think that it was. 
MR. INDYKE: To the extent that those 
items are from -- I think the exhibits are a 
statement of undisputed facts, obviously my 
objection would apply to those items. To the 
extent that they came out of Mr. Dershowitz's 
representation of Mr. Epstein, I would object 
if the answer is based as to information in 
them. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: We haven't seen 
the exhibit yet. I know you are on the other 
end of the phone. 
EFTA01137877
--- PAGE 85 ---
Page 546 
THE WITNESS: Can I take a one-minute, 
two-minute break? 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going off the record, 
2:43 p.m 
(Recess was held from 2:43 p.m. until 2:45 p.m.) 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going back on the record. 
The time is approximately 2:45 p.m. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you ever read the case documents 
related to the arrest of Alfredo Rodriguez for the 
Federal obstruction of justice charges? 
A. 
No 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
MR. SIMPSON: Just pause for a second 
before answering to let Mr. Indyke jump in if 
he needs to. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
The journal that we're talking about is 
the one that has been disclosed in discovery in this 
case and in prior cases where, as you mentioned 
before, certain people's names are circled. Are you 
familiar with that document? 
A. 
I have perused the part of it that circled 
me and some other prominent names. I have not read 
EFTA01137878
--- PAGE 86 ---
Page 547 
the whole document. 
Q. 
I'm going to show you the page from this 
journal that is for Bill Clinton just based off of 
your last comment, and then I'll ask you some 
questions about that. 
A. 
This doesn't say Bill Clinton, it says 
Doug Band. That's what you're talking about. 
(Thereupon, marked as Plaintiff 
Exhibit 20.) 
A. 
This doesn't have an entry for Bill 
Clinton. It has an entry for Douglas Band, who I 
know. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You know Doug Band? 
A. 
Sure. 
Q. 
Is Doug Band affiliated with Bill Clinton? 
A. 
Oh, yeah, he was. Not any longer. 
Q. 
How do you know Doug Band? 
A. 
Through Bill Clinton. 
Q. 
How do you know Bill Clinton? 
A. 
I've known him for --
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same objection, 
same instruction. 
MR. SIMPSON: Nonprivileged information. 
A. 
Well outside of my relationship with 
EFTA01137879
--- PAGE 87 ---
Page 548 
Jeffrey Epstein. I was -- supported him. I've been 
to the White House at his invitation. I've had 
dinner with him on numerous occasions. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you called Bill Clinton with respect 
to the allegations that have been made in this 
lawsuit? 
A. 
I've tried to. 
Q. 
Has Bill Clinton given you any comment 
whatsoever on any of the allegations? 
A. 
Not personally, but Doug Band has. And 
and his lawyer David Kendall has. 
Q. 
Doug Band specifically has  spoken about 
the allegations that 
has made in 
this lawsuit? 
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
When was that conversation that you had 
with Doug Band? 
A. 
Very shortly after the accusation, as soon 
as I could reach him. 
Q. 
January 2015? 
A. 
Probably January. 
Q. 
Is Doug Band somebody who traveled with 
Jeffrey Epstein as well? 
A. 
That's true -- no, he traveled --
EFTA01137880
--- PAGE 88 ---
Page 549 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
He traveled with Bill Clinton always. I 
mean, he was his body man. He was the guy who 
traveled with him wherever he went. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
My question is, did Doug Band ever travel 
with Bill Clinton -- I mean with Jeffrey Epstein? 
A. 
I don't know the answer to that. 
Q. 
Well, did Bill Clinton ever travel with 
Jeffrey Epstein? 
MR. SIMPSON: Asked and answered. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
According to public information, yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And Doug Band, you are saying, was always 
with Bill Clinton? 
A. 
Not always, but he was the guy who 
traveled with him. Nobody can be with anybody 24/7. 
Q. 
The flight logs will speak for themselves 
whether the two were traveling together, correct? 
A. 
I have no idea. 
Q 
That entry -- I believe the comment that 
you made was that was Alfredo Rodriguez had circled 
EFTA01137881
--- PAGE 89 ---
Page 550 
Bill Clinton's name. 
A. 
I thought he had. He circled a lot of 
prominent people's names, Hollywood actors. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Do you know that 
outside of your relationship with Mr. Epstein? 
THE WITNESS: Yes, I saw the --
MR. INDYKE: I'm asking Mr. Dershowitz if 
he's answering that question outside of his 
relationship with -- his attorney-client 
relationship or work product relationship or 
common interest relationship with Mr. Epstein. 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
MR. SIMPSON: The document was produced in 
discovery. 
MR. INDYKE: The question is as for the 
circles in the document. 
A. 
The document I saw had circles in it, and 
I saw that in discovery in this case. I hadn't seen 
it previously. 
MR. INDYKE: Okay. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
So you have seen the notations that 
Alfredo Rodriguez made to the document during the 
time he was turning the document over to the FBI? 
A. 
The only notations that I saw that I 
EFTA01137882
--- PAGE 90 ---
Page 551 
recall are circles. 
Q. 
Okay. And is it your understanding that 
Alfredo Rodriguez was indicating to the FBI who was 
involved in the illegal activity with minors along 
with Jeffrey Epstein? 
A. 
Absolutely not. Categorically absolutely 
not. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
That's not your understanding? 
A. 
Not only is it not my understanding, it is 
a totally false statement because if it were true, 
Donald Trump would be standing accused of having 
improper sexual conduct and many other Hollywood 
actors, actresses and other people who have never 
been accused by your lying client would also stand 
accused. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let's move --
MR. EDWARDS: That was not my question. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let me stop 
before we get too far down this. The document 
that -- the portion of the document that you're 
asking questions upon, let's understand the 
context of the questions, and Mr. Dershowitz's 
EFTA01137883
--- PAGE 91 ---
Page 552 
answer so far has been that because it's been 
produced in this case. So let's stay focused 
on that. 
A. 
Can I see that document, please. 
MR. INDYKE: Just for clarification, I 
don't want to interrupt, but for clarification, 
I wasn't objecting to the document. I was 
objecting to the foundation upon which 
Mr. Dershowitz may or may not know why they 
were circled, how that information came 
through. 
A. 
I know that independently. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You know why the various circles were made 
independently? 
A. 
No, but I know what the allegation is. 
Q. 
The allegation -- you know what the 
allegation is why the circles were made? 
A. 
I know that it was not that the people 
whose name were circled were involved in any illegal 
activity. Can you please show me the document. 
MR. SCOTT: Can he see the exhibit? 
MR. SCAROLA: I --
MR. EDWARDS: I don't have it. I mean, I 
only have the piece of the page that he just 
EFTA01137884
--- PAGE 92 ---
Page 553 
talked about, which is Bill Clinton. I mean, I 
have it and I'll copy it for you and I'll give 
it to you tomorrow and we can talk about the 
whole document. 
A. 
It is a categorical lie --
MR. SCOTT: Let's put it over until 
tomorrow, then, when we have the exhibit. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Well, that before you -- you just 
indicated that one of the people who was circled was 
Bill Clinton. 
A. 
I said I thought. 
MR. SCOTT: He also indicated he would 
like to see the whole exhibit. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
On that page that's before you that's 
listed Doug Band, is Bill Clinton's name listed 
under that? 
A. 
It says Office of William J. Clinton. 
Q. 
Are there numbers for Bill Clinton listed 
under that entry? 
A. 
I assume they're numbers of Bill Clinton. 
I assume so. 
Q. 
When you talked to Doug Band, can you tell 
us what that conversation was that you had with Doug 
EFTA01137885
--- PAGE 93 ---
Page 554 
Band? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
What was that? 
A. 
I asked Doug Band whether or not President 
Clinton had been on Jeffrey Epstein's island during 
the relevant period of time or whether 
was once again lying categorically when she 
described meeting Bill Clinton, having dinner with 
him with two underage girls, and having him flown by 
an inexperienced pilot and Secret Service agents on 
a helicopter. I asked him that question. 
Q. 
Go on. What did Doug Band tell you? 
A. 
That it wasn't true. 
Q. 
Did Doug Band tell you whether Bill 
Clinton had ever been to Jeffrey Epstein's island? 
A. 
He told me that to his knowledge, 
President Clinton had never been to Jeffrey 
Epstein's island. 
Q. 
Did he tell you whether Bill Clinton and 
Jeffrey Epstein had ever shared a meal together? 
A. 
I didn't ask him that question. I only 
asked him about the island. I think I only asked 
him -- I'm not positive whether I asked him during 
the relevant period or ever. I think I asked him 
ever. 
EFTA01137886
--- PAGE 94 ---
Page 555 
Q. 
Had -- has Bill Clinton ever flown on an 
airplane -- or sorry, on a helicopter with Ghislaine 
Maxwell? 
A. 
Not to my knowledge. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same objection, 
same instructions. 
A. 
I cannot imagine the former President or a 
President of the United States being allowed by the 
Secret Service to fly on a helicopter with a pilot 
who had just barely been licensed. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I'm just asking what you know. Do you 
know whether or not --
A. 
I know -- I know that Bill Clinton never 
flew -- never was flown by Ghislaine Maxwell to the 
island. I know it based on my common sense 
experience. 
Q. 
Not my question. My question is, do you 
know whether Bill Clinton ever flew on a helicopter 
with Ghislaine Maxwell? 
MR. SCOTT: On the phone, there's 
background. Thank you. 
A. 
I don't know for sure, but I would 
seriously doubt it. 
EFTA01137887
--- PAGE 95 ---
Page 556 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
We're going to get tomorrow the circled 
document that we can look at? 
Q. 
I can find it now and I can get it and we 
can look at it today. 
MR. SCOTT: Take a minute. 
A. 
I want to make sure we see all the circled 
names. 
MR. EDWARDS: Here's a copy right here 
that we can copy at the next break. 
MR. SCOTT: Sure. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was 
lying when she says 
that Ghislaine Maxwell served as Jeffrey Epstein's 
madam? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I would have no knowledge that would 
establish that. Certainly I wouldn't believe it 
just because she said it. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you asked Ghislaine Maxwell about 
that? 
A. 
No. 
EFTA01137888
--- PAGE 96 ---
Page 557 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
One of the things 
one of the statements 
that we began the day with was that something that 
Paul and I could have done was call you and ask you, 
right, we could have picked up the phone and called 
you? 
A. 
You and Mr. Cassell, yeah. Yeah. 
Q. 
When you were representing Jeffrey Epstein 
back in 2007, did you ever insist that Jeffrey 
Epstein had paid for massages, but had not engaged 
in sex or erotic massages with any minors? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction to the extent that you can 
specify --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I'm asking whether you ever made that 
statement. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
Can you repeat the question for me? 
THE REPORTER: "When you were representing 
Jeffrey Epstein back in 2007, did you ever 
insist that Jeffrey Epstein had paid for 
EFTA01137889
--- PAGE 97 ---
Page 558 
massages, but had not engaged in sex or erotic 
massages with any minors?" 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: By definition of 
your question, it's within the representation 
of Jeffrey Epstein, right? So in a -- without 
any further clarification, I would agree with 
the objection. 
MR. SCAROLA: I'm sorry, this is about a 
public statement. 
MS. McCAWLEY: It's a public statement. 
MR. EDWARDS: It's a public statement that 
he makes to the New York --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: So then make 
your question limited to that. Then I can rule 
on that. That's why looked at the question. 
MR. SCOTT: If you specify where the 
statement came from, it would be helpful. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you ever make a public statement --
did you ever make a statement in public that Jeffrey 
Epstein had paid for massages, but had not engaged 
in sex or erotic massages with any minors? 
A. 
May I see the statement? 
Q. 
Sure. 
MR. SCAROLA: No. 
EFTA01137890
--- PAGE 98 ---
Page 559 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Well, did you make that statement? 
A. 
I have no recollection of whether I made a 
statement like that ten years ago. I'd like to see 
the statement. 
MR. SCAROLA: Now you can refresh his 
recollection. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you make a public statement that 
Epstein was innocent of all allegations? 
MR. SCOTT: Let me object to this in the 
context that he's asking him statements from 
ten years ago without specifying date, time and 
place. It's just unfair. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: If you're 
reading from an article, published article, 
then show him that. Let's stop for a second. 
Do you recall making that statement? 
THE WITNESS: I do not recall. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Will you show 
him something that might --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Sure. I'm going to go through each of the 
EFTA01137891
--- PAGE 99 ---
Page 560 
three statements and then I'm going to show you the 
document. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: These all deal 
with public statements, right? 
Q. 
Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you make a public statement in April 
of 2007 that "The girl who accused Epstein of 
forcible sex had a long record of lying, theft and 
blaming others for her crimes"? 
A. 
I have no specific recollection of that. 
Q. 
Would it help to refresh your recollection 
if I showed you the statement? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
I've highlighted the portions that I'm 
referring to 
A. 
I'm going to read the whole thing. 
So this is not the Daily News. This is 
the Daily Mail, the British Daily Mail you're 
referring to. You said the Daily News. 
Q. 
Daily Mail? 
A. 
This is the Daily Mail. 
I have no recollection of speaking to the 
Daily Mail. This comes 
this comes as a surprise 
to me. So I don't have a recollection of speaking 
EFTA01137892
--- PAGE 100 ---
Page 561 
to the Daily Mail. 
Q. 
So your --
MR. SCOTT: Are we going to mark that? 
MR. EDWARDS: Yes, we can mark that. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is it your testimony today that you did 
not make those statements? 
A. 
My testimony is that I do not have a 
recollection of speaking to the Daily Mail. 
(Thereupon, marked as Plaintiff 
Exhibit 21.) 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I'm not asking whether you spoke to the 
Daily Mail. Did you publicly make the statement 
that we have now put on the record, which is that 
Jeffrey Epstein did not have sexual -- erotic 
massages or sex with any minors, that he's innocent 
of all charges, and that the girl accused him of 
forcible rape was lying -- had a long record of 
lying, theft and blaming others for her crimes? 
A. 
I have no recollection of making those 
statements. I was his defense attorney. I may have 
made statements in court that were quoted by the 
newspapers. But I have no distinct recollection of 
making that statement. 
EFTA01137893
--- PAGE 101 ---
Page 562 
Q. 
Hypothetically, if you had made those 
statements, those statements would be false, 
correct? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection. Hypothetical --
we're not even talking -- we have no knowledge 
of who this woman is. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'm going to 
grant the objection. Move on. Rephrase the 
question. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Sure.  If we, as the attorneys for 
, were weighing her credibility 
against whether or not to make a phone call, and 
your credibility, those are statements that we 
should take into account along with the evidence 
that we have before us, wouldn't you agree? 
A. 
Were you aware of those statements at the 
time? 
Q. 
This is not my deposition. 
A. 
I understand that, but you're giving a 
hypothetical and I'm giving a hypothetical answer. 
One would have to know whether or not the lawyers 
who should have called me knew about the statement. 
Q. 
In this hypothetical, suppose that we were 
aware of every one of your public statements that 
EFTA01137894
--- PAGE 102 ---
Page 563 
you have ever made on this case of this subject 
matter as well as related subject matter whatsoever 
at the time. 
A. 
You would find that I was a truth-telling 
person who never has ever deliberately stated an 
untruth in my professional life. 
Q. 
We're going to get through this --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Go ahead and ask 
the question now based on that hypothetical you 
just laid out. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
If we hypothetically assumed that you had 
made these statements, would these statements, given 
your knowledge of the facts of this case, be false? 
A. 
Let me see the statements again, please. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. To the extent the 
knowledge of the facts of this case derive from 
Mr. Dershowitz's representation of Mr. Epstein, 
I don't think he can answer that question 
without violating the privilege. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. Did we hop over the hypothetical to 
reality? 
MR. INDYKE: I think we may have. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That's my 
EFTA01137895
--- PAGE 103 ---
Page 564 
question to you. 
MR. EDWARDS: We're still operating in 
hypothetical. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: So now go back 
and describe your hypothetical specifically so 
he understand the question that you are asking. 
A. 
Is this hypothetical still? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Yes. Hypothetically, if the attorneys 
were aware of these statements that you're looking 
at as well as the remainder of statements that you 
have made on this topic and this case, in assessing 
whether or not to just call you and assessing your 
credibility versus 
credibility, 
wouldn't you agree that those statements are things 
that we should take into consideration? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection, compound, 
argumentative, and, frankly, I don't even 
understand the question. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: If you 
understand it, you can answer. 
A. 
I can understand it. What I would have 
done as a responsible lawyer, what you should have 
done, is you should have called me and asked me 
about these statements, and I might have told you I 
EFTA01137896
--- PAGE 104 ---
Page 565 
said them, I might have told you I didn't say them, 
I would have to have checked. 
Going through each of the statements, he 
said that the girl who accused Epstein of forcible 
sex had a long record of lying, theft and blaming 
others for her crimes. I don't know who that person 
is, who the young woman is. It may very well, based 
on what I knew from --
MR. INDYKE: Objection if you're talking 
about actual facts. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: He's answering a 
hypothetical, so it's within -- move forward on 
the hypothetical basis only. 
A. 
Hypothetically, these facts may very well 
be true that she had a long record of lying, theft 
and blaming others. 
It says that I said that he had passed a 
lie detector test. I don't recall that. I don't 
recall that he took a lie detector test. But if he 
had taken a lie detector test and I was told he 
passed it, that statement would be true. 
If I had been told hypothetically that he 
had paid for massages and had not engaged in 
massages with underage minors, at that point in time 
in 1907 [sic], that statement would be true. But as 
EFTA01137897
--- PAGE 105 ---
Page 566 
a lawyer, I wouldn't necessarily, A, take the word 
of the Daily Mail without calling or, B, assume that 
the statements quoted in the Daily Mail were false. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Would you agree it is a fair assumption or 
a fair presumption that when you are making public 
statements on behalf of the client, that you have at 
least reviewed the available evidence that may exist 
against that client? 
A. 
That's too broad a question. It really 
depends. I mean, i get called on day one of a case, 
I don't know the evidence, and I'm called by the 
press. I talk about my client being presumed 
innocent, my client being innocent. That's part of 
the role of a criminal defense lawyer. Justice 
Blackmun has said that the criminal defense lawyer's 
role does not end in a courtroom, it continues to 
the courthouse steps. 
And so when my client is being accused of 
something, I have the right to --
MR. SCAROLA: Excuse me one moment. Rick, 
could you step outside with me. 
A. 
-- to express my clients' views on the 
matter. I'm speaking in a representative capacity. 
EFTA01137898
--- PAGE 106 ---
Page 567 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Can we now remove ourselves from that 
hypothetical and go to the allegations in this 
Complaint, which include the various allegations 
made in the statements at the beginning of this 
deposition? 
A. 
Which Complaint are we talking about? 
Q. 
The defamation Complaint. 
MR. SCOTT: The one in this case? 
MR. EDWARDS: Yes, yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is it -- is it a fair presumption on the 
part of myself and Mr. Cassell that at the time the 
statement was made by you in April of 2007 
indicating the things that we have just gone over, 
that you had in your possession, at the very least, 
the evidence that was publicly available, including 
the police reports? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection and same 
instruction. 
THE WITNESS: Your Honor? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Well, can you --
can you answer outside the scope? 
THE WITNESS: I don't think so, based on a 
combination of factors, including material that 
EFTA01137899
--- PAGE 107 ---
Page 568 
I got in a lawyer-client and work product 
fashion. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. Let's take it a different way. One 
of the things you said we should have done is just 
called you. 
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
If we had called you, isn't it more 
likely, based on what we've seen today, that what we 
would have had is just a bunch of objections and you 
not being able to tell us anything? 
A. 
Absolutely not. 
MR. SCOTT: Objection --
A. 
This requires a long answer because you've 
asked me what you would have found out had you 
called me. So let me tell you what you would have 
found out. 
MR. SCOTT: Do you want a long answer? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I don't want a long answer. I'm asking 
wouldn't Jeffrey Epstein have had a say in what you 
tell us, the same way that he has a say apparently 
today in what you're telling us? 
A. 
No. When it comes to me defending myself, 
I will make the ultimate decision as to -- I'm an 
EFTA01137900
--- PAGE 108 ---
Page 569 
expert on lawyer-client privilege. I'm an expert on 
work product. I'm an expert on the exceptions. I 
can tell you exactly what I would have told you. 
What I would have told you was that I have 
documentation that could prove categorically that I 
could not have been on Jeffrey Epstein's island 
during the three-year period that is relevant. 
I can prove categorically that I could not 
have had sex or any contact with her at the ranch. 
I can prove categorically that I couldn't have had 
sexual contact with her on the airplane. I can 
prove categorically that I couldn't have had sexual 
contact with her in Palm Beach. And that I could 
not prove categorically that at least I wasn't in 
the same city with her in New York because I was in 
New York for a long period of time. 
I would have told you what that 
documentation was. I would have asked you for an 
opportunity to produce the documentation. I would 
have provided you with other information. 
No, I would not have raised any privilege. 
I would have told you exactly what the evidence is, 
and you would have believed me and you would have 
not made these allegations if you're a responsible 
lawyer. 
EFTA01137901
--- PAGE 109 ---
Page 570 
Q. 
Is this the documentation that you have 
now produced in this litigation, the documentation 
you're talking about? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
That's the documentation that you believe 
completely exonerates you of everything? 
A. 
What I've said is the documentation proves 
conclusively that I could not have been on the 
island. It proves conclusively that I could not 
have had any sexual contact with her on the ranch. 
And the same thing is true for Palm Beach and for 
the airplane. 
I've said right from the beginning that 
and that if she's lying about four of the five 
locations, she certainly can't be believed about 
New York. And that is my evidence, and that's what 
I would have told you about. 
Q. 
One piece of that information would be to 
have in our possession all of the flight manifests 
from all of the airplanes that were under Jeffrey 
Epstein's control and the helicopter manifest. 
Wouldn't you agree? 
A. 
I would love to have you have all the 
documentation, every manifest, every single moment 
of the life of her and my life, and to the extent 
EFTA01137902
--- PAGE 110 ---
Page 571 
anything is missing, I regret it much more than you 
do because I am positive that they would provide 
exculpatory information. 
Q. 
The same way --
A. 
I'm hoping that you can find it. Please 
go ahead with my blessing. Please go find it. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. In connection 
with Mr. Dershowitz's response, Mr. Epstein 
waives no such objections that he's raised. 
He's not waiving privilege. He's not waiving 
work product. He's not waiving 
attorney-client, common interest, joint 
defense. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I've got it. 
Move forward. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
The same way that you have looked at 
newspaper articles to make the allegation that 
is a liar, don't you agree that it 
is also acceptable for Mr. Cassell and I or any 
attorneys representing 
to take into 
account the statements that you publicly made in 
2007 in juxtaposition with the evidence that was 
available to you at the time you made those 
statements? 
EFTA01137903
--- PAGE 111 ---
Page 572 
A. 
First of all, I did not rely on --
MR. INDYKE: To the extent that your 
response requires you to invade privilege, I 
would instruct you not to respond. 
A. 
I did not rely on newspaper accounts. I'm 
relying on my own 100 percent personal knowledge. 
I'm relying on the evidence provided by Tom Ashe and 
Joanne Ashe, relying on the evidence provided by the 
Porters, relying on all kinds of documentation, 
relying on her history of having been disbelieved by 
the State Attorney, on the history of having been 
arrested and fired from her job for stealing, on her 
outlandish claims from her -- let me just read this, 
from her affidavit -- I have to take just one 
second, please. Just give me one second. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is this related to answering my question? 
A. 
Yes, it is very directly. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: What you're 
looking at there is related? 
A. 
Yes. Her statement -- here's what I would 
look at. 
MR. EDWARDS: Can we attach this to the 
deposition that he's reviewing this? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Yeah, yeah. 
EFTA01137904
--- PAGE 112 ---
Page 573 
A. 
I am simply quoting from her affidavit. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Who "her"? 
A. 
That's what I looked 
at, her affidavit, which says that --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. Tom, before he quotes, let's 
understand, I do think we need a copy of that 
now. 
THE WITNESS: It's in the affidavit. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: But I do think 
in fairness to these guys, I think that what 
you're reading from, they need to have it. 
A. 
I won't read from it. In her affidavit, 
she states that she had sex with Presidents, plural, 
of countries, a well-known prime minister of a 
country, prominent American politicians, prominent 
American businessmen, academics, and more. 
And when I read that and read other 
information about what she was reported to have 
said, that's not from newspapers, that's from her 
own affidavit. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Some of your leading statements to the 
various audiences that we went over earlier were 
that she apparently says she had sex with Stephen 
EFTA01137905
--- PAGE 113 ---
Page 574 
Clinton. 
Hawking, and that she was on an orgy with Bill 
Don't those statements come only and 
directly, if at all, out of some newspaper 
publishing, those ones that I just referred to? 
A. 
Those two statements came from newspapers 
and blogs. But I did not rely on those alone. 
MR. SCOTT: You've been quoting from 
newspapers all along, and now you have a 
problem with a newspaper? 
MR. EDWARDS: I don't have a problem with 
a newspaper. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Wait a second. 
Move on. You don't need to respond. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Isn't it 
credibility versus 
this subject for Paul Cassell or myself or any of 
the attorneys over here to take your public 
statement that you made in April of 2007 in 
juxtaposition with the evidence that was available 
to you in determining your credibility on this 
topic? Isn't that a fair thing to do? 
A 
Number one, it is not fair to ever believe 
fair when assessing your 
credibility on 
what is said in the Daily Mail without checking. 
EFTA01137906
--- PAGE 114 ---
Page 575 
That's a tabloid newspaper that's notorious for its 
inaccuracies. 
Number two, if you look at the statements, 
they don't even identify who the person is and 
there's no -- nothing on the face of the record of 
this newspaper that would show that it wasn't true 
that she had a long record of lying, theft and 
blaming others for her crimes. 
If I said it, I'm sure it was true. If I 
said he passed a lie detector test, I'm sure it was 
true. And if I made any other statements, it was on 
the basis of a review of the evidence that I had 
available to me at the time, including statements 
made to me by my client, which I'm not free to 
disclose. And lawyers make statements on behalf of 
their clients. 
Q. 
But by throwing that last piece in there 
that it's also on the basis of conversations you've 
had with your client, it implies that those 
conversations somehow justified those statements. 
And if that's what you're sticking to, I want to 
understand what it is that you learned from him that 
could possibly justify those public statements in 
2007. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
EFTA01137907
--- PAGE 115 ---
Page 576 
instruction. 
A. 
What I'm saying is that lawyers, 
particularly criminal defense lawyers, whether in 
court or out of court -- I don't know whether these 
statements were made in court of out of court -- are 
entitled to assert the innocence of their clients. 
That's what lawyers do all the time. I'm 
sure you've done it. I'm sure Professor Cassell has 
done it. I'm sure Mr. Scarola has done it. And 
none of us ever want to be judged on our credibility 
by pleading a client nonguilty or asserting a 
client's innocence, and then it turns out perhaps 
later that the client -- I'm not suggesting that 
that happened here, but that the evidence 
contradicts it. 
First of all, we don't know what the 
evidence is we're talking about here because we're 
dealing with a timeframe that's very, very different 
from the timeframe that ultimately was available 
later on in the case. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Let me ask it to you this way, then: 
First let me ask, is 
a Massachusetts rule of 
professional conduct on truthfulness in statements, 
are you familiar with that rule? 
EFTA01137908
--- PAGE 116 ---
Page 577 
A. 
Yes 
Q. 
And doesn't it indicate that in the course 
of representing a client, a lawyer shall not 
knowingly make a false statement of material fact or 
law to a third person? 
A. 
And I've never done anything that even 
comes close to violating that rule. 
Q. 
Okay. So let's take the statement, the 
public statement that we are discussing from the 
Daily Mail April 2007 article. 
A. 
Right. 
Q. 
The statement that the financier had paid 
for massages, but had not engaged in sex or erotic 
massages with any minors, do you, as you sit here 
today, believe that statement to have been true at 
the time that you made it? 
A. 
Absolutely. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
The 87-page police report that has already 
been marked to this deposition was generated in 2005 
and 2006 prior to that statement that you made; is 
that right? 
A. 
I have no idea. Let me qualify my answer. 
EFTA01137909
--- PAGE 117 ---
Page 578 
I don't recall having used those words. I don't 
recall an interview with the Daily Mail. My current 
recollection is I did not have an interview with the 
Daily Mail. 
Had I had an interview with the Daily 
Mail, it would have had to have been authorized by 
my client. I don't think he would have authorized 
such an interview, so I am now not acknowledging --
I just don't know, but I am not acknowledging that I 
actually said those words to the Daily Mail. You 
are going to have to demonstrate that. I don't 
remember speaking to Ms. Churchhill or whatever her 
name is. It's possible, but I don't remember it. 
Q. 
So if somebody is attributing those 
statements to you, are you saying that they are 
lying? 
A. 
I don't remember having made those 
statements. 
MR. SCOTT: I would like to object to the 
entire relevancy of this entire line because 
this doesn't even establish which lady he's 
talking about. That article doesn't even 
establish anything about your client. 
MR. EDWARDS: I hear your objection. But 
the article actually says that Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01137910
--- PAGE 118 ---
Page 579 
was innocent of all allegations. So it's 
apparently talking to at least --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Wouldn't you agree it's reasonable to 
presume that it's talking about all of the 
allegations --
A. 
Allegations against him that I recall at 
the time that I was representing him involve two 
women, two young women, is my recollection of the 
allegations. And we were taking the position, and 
we took the position with the State Attorney that he 
was not guilty of those allegations. 
There were many defenses that were being 
raised, some dealing with credibility, some dealing 
with --
MR. INDYKE: Objection, objection. 
A. 
-- whether or not some of the women showed 
him IDs. 
MR. INDYKE: You're getting into 
attorney-client. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Go ahead ad make 
your point. 
MR. INDYKE: My point is that it sounds to 
me that Alan is now discussing attorney-client 
matters and internal decisions and strategies 
EFTA01137911
--- PAGE 119 ---
Page 580 
and statements that may not have been a matter 
of public record. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I think you 
responded to the question. 
MR. INDYKE: And therefore they're subject 
to privilege, and we object and instruct him 
not --
MR. SCOTT: Again, I'm going to object to 
relevancy. It's been going on for hours. It 
doesn't even involve his client. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'm not going to 
rule on the relevancy objection. This is 
something that you can take up later at a 
deposition. So move forward. He gets to take 
his own deposition. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you remember that one of the alleged 
victims that you were -- do you remember trying to 
discredit one of the alleged victims named -- hold 
on, this is difficult here. What I'm having trouble 
with is what we are going to do with the identity of 
underage sex abuse victims. I'm a little nervous to 
say it on the record on a video. So can we just 
take a two-minute break, five-minute break so that I 
can figure out how we're going to work this out? 
EFTA01137912
--- PAGE 120 ---
Page 581 
time 
(Recess 
The 
BY MR. 
Q. 
that has 
included 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: We're on break. 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going off the record. The 
is approximately 3:23 p.m. 
was held from 3:23 p.m. until 3:38 p.m.) 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going back on the record. 
time is approximately 3:38 p.m. 
EDWARDS: 
I'm going to give you the police report 
been moved in as Exhibit 18, and I have 
a sticky note that we'll throw away. I'm 
going to refer to her by the name A.H., but I've 
marked her real name so that you will know it, and 
I'll ask if you remember her and things of that 
nature. But here you go. 
A. 
While I'm doing that, may I amend the 
previous answer? 
MR. INDYKE: If you're asking if he knows 
her name, then I would object to -- on the same 
basis I objected previously. 
MR. SIMPSON: Why don't we discuss that on 
the next break before you amend an answer. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Go ahead again. 
I lost it. 
MR. INDYKE: If you're asking whether or 
not he knows this person A.H., if that's the 
EFTA01137913
--- PAGE 121 ---
Page 582 
question, I would object on the basis of work 
product, attorney-client, common interests, and 
instruct you not to answer to the extent it 
invades any of those privileges. 
A. 
What am I looking at here? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
This is the Palm Beach Police Department 
police report. 
A. 
What do you want me to look at? 
Q. 
Sure. It's page 40. 
A. 
I have it, yes. 
Q. 
We're going to go to the paragraph --
second paragraph, "Detective Dawson and I met with 
on October 11, 2005." 
A. 
"Detective Dawson and I met with 
and 
her friend." 
Q. 
I'm going to tell you that the person 
under that redaction is 
A. 
Okay. That doesn't mean anything to me. 
Q. 
Is that somebody that -- whose name that 
you --
A. 
Oh, that person. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Go ahead and 
make your objection. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
EFTA01137914
--- PAGE 122 ---
Page 583 
instruction. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Do you know this 
person? 
A. 
Only through my work with Jeffrey Epstein. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Wasn't there public documents that you 
exchanged with the police department with respect to 
that particular victim that pertained to her 
allegation that the investigators, Corali (phonetic) 
and Riley, had posed as police officers and things 
of that nature? Do you remember that? 
A. 
I do recall that, yes, yes. 
Q. 
And so -- and this is also one of the 
people whose MySpace page you pulled down? 
A. 
I didn't pull anything down. 
Q. 
That you produced to the State Attorney's 
Office? 
A. 
I don't know how to use a computer, so I 
couldn't pull down anything. But I was presented 
with these within the lawyer-client representation. 
And I don't know how much further to go. 
Q 
And didn't you take that information --
MR. INDYKE: Instruct you not to answer. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Didn't you take that information, whatever 
EFTA01137915
--- PAGE 123 ---
Page 584 
information that you pulled from 
MySpace page 
to the State Attorney's Office to convince the State 
Attorney's Office that this witness was not 
credible? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Do you have an 
objection, or no? 
MR. INDYKE: No. 
A. 
For 50 years, I've taught my students in 
criminal law that their job is to present evidence 
that would raise questions about the credibility of 
a witness against their criminal defendant. And, of 
course, every criminal lawyer does that. And I, 
along with my co-defendants [sic], did the very same 
thing in this case. 
MR. SIMPSON: I believe you misspoke. You 
said "co-defendants." Co-counsel? 
MR. SCAROLA: Freudian slip. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
When you initially made the allegations 
that Mr. Cassell and I had played a role in 
fabricating the allegations --
A. 
Right. 
Q. 
-- and also improperly believed in a 
serial liar --
A. 
Right. 
EFTA01137916
--- PAGE 124 ---
Page 585 
Q. 
-- instead of just calling you, did you 
read our response that was filed January 21, 2015 
wherein we put forth much of our investigative 
material that led to our --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Guys on the 
phone, we're hearing your discussions and, 
frankly, it's right in the middle of a 
question. I apologize. 
MR. EDWARDS: Want me to start over? 
THE WITNESS: Please. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
After you made the statement that 
Mr. Cassell and I had fabricated the allegations 
against you and believed in the story of a 
incredible, serial liar, and had failed to call you, 
did you read our responsive pleading which I believe 
was more than 150 pages long outlining some of our 
investigation of the surrounding allegations? Just 
did you read that response? I believe it was filed 
January 21, 2015, in Judge Marra's courtroom. 
A. 
I don't recall reading a 150-page 
document. My lawyer Kendall Coffey would have read 
it. It's possible I read it. But -- can you show 
it to me? 
Q. 
I don't have it here, but I assumed that 
EFTA01137917
--- PAGE 125 ---
Page 586 
you had read it. 
A. 
I would be happy to look at it and see if 
it's something I read. I know I'm familiar with 
what -- some of the things you said you did, and 
they didn't make me change my opinion at all. 
Q. 
Did you read Detective Recarey's 
deposition that was taken in the civil cases against 
Mr. Epstein? 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: There's no 
grounds for an objection as to whether he read 
a deposition. 
MR. INDYKE: Well, there is when they 
didn't place it within a timeframe. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Okay. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
In production we had produced many 
depositions not only in this case, but have been 
filed in other cases, which is why I asked you about 
that January 21st pleading. 
Is one of the documents that you have read 
regarding our investigation of the allegations 
Detective Recarey's deposition? 
EFTA01137918
--- PAGE 126 ---
Page 587 
A. 
When -- when was Detective Recarey's 
deposition? 
Q. 
It was taken sometime in 2010. I don't 
have the entire document. 
A. 
I doubt that I read it. I wouldn't have 
had any reason to read it back in 2010. 
Q. 
If --
MR. INDYKE: If are you talking about what 
he did in 2010 rather than in response to 
pleadings in this case, then I would object. 
Same objection, same instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I don't need to ask you if you've read the 
deposition. If Detective Recarey has testified that 
the State Attorney, very early on in the 
investigation, was gung-ho up until the meeting with 
Alan Dershowitz, would that be a true statement? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection, form, totally 
irrelevant to anything. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I sure hope so. I mean, if I did a good 
job in persuading a very distinguished State 
Attorney about being less gung-ho about going after 
my client, that's my job, that's what I get paid for 
EFTA01137919
--- PAGE 127 ---
Page 588 
as a criminal defense lawyer. So I'm proud to 
have -- if it's true, have had him be less than 
gung-ho. 
I have tell you my negotiations with him 
were very tough, very arm's length and very 
difficult to the point where I was replaced at one 
point for not getting a good enough deal. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
If --
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Alan, please do 
not go into the substance of any kind of 
interactions between you and any of on 
Mr. Epstein's counsel in connection with your 
representation. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
At some point in time, were your services 
terminated by Mr. Epstein? 
A. 
I was replaced. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
At what point in time were you terminated? 
MR. SCOTT: He didn't say that. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
EFTA01137920
--- PAGE 128 ---
Page 589 
A. 
I wasn't terminated. A lawyer was added 
to the team. And I think the record will show when 
that happened, and negotiations continued with a new 
lawyer who was seeking to get a better deal. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
If Detective Recarey testified that the 
point of your meeting with the State Attorney's 
Office was to show that the character of the girls 
was not to be believed, would that be a fair and 
accurate description of that? 
A. 
Well, the purpose of the meeting was 
multiple. The purpose of the meeting, I remember we 
brought forth every single --
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction, please. And, Professor Cassell, 
I'm having some difficulty hearing you. 
MR. SCOTT: He's having a hard time 
hearing you. 
MR. INDYKE: Yes. 
A. 
The plain purpose of my meeting and the 
work that did I together with my research assistant 
was to gather all the cases in Palm Beach County and 
maybe some other surrounding counties involving the 
allegations, allegations similar to those against my 
client, and to show that in none of the cases had 
EFTA01137921
--- PAGE 129 ---
Page 590 
prison time been given for the kinds of activities 
that were alleged against my client. So, I 
presented him with hundreds of --
MR. INDYKE: I have to interrupt you. If 
you are talking about what you did for 
Mr. Epstein, which it sounds like you are, then 
you are invading the attorney-client privilege 
and work product. 
A. 
I gave it to the prosecutor. 
MR. INDYKE: I object, and I instruct you 
not to answer. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
My question is very narrow. 
Do you remember attending a meeting with 
Detective Recarey, yourself and the State Attorney 
wherein you made presentations using the website of 
some of the victims, including 
A. 
The three people that you mentioned were 
not the only people at that meeting. 
Q. 
I'm not insinuating that they are. Do you 
remember those people being at the meeting? 
A. 
I remember others as well, including 
Mitchell Webber, who had done some of the research 
for me on the case. 
Q. 
I'm just asking do you remember this 
EFTA01137922
--- PAGE 130 ---
Page 591 
meeting? 
A. 
I do, yes. 
Q. 
If Detective Recarey says that the point 
of your presentation was to attack the credibility 
of the witnesses, is that accurate? 
A. 
No. The point of my meeting --
Q. 
I'm only asking for yes or no. 
A. 
I have to do more than yes or no. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: The initial 
answer was? 
A. 
No. And now explain. The point was to 
get a reduction in sentence and to get the best 
possible deal I could get for my client. That 
included giving comparative sentencing data about 
other cases and included raising questions about the 
credibility of the witnesses and included showing 
documentation that some of the witnesses had 
provided false documentation about their age. 
It was a general presentation to a 
prosecutor to try to mitigate the allegations 
against my client, which is -- I've done that many, 
many times, and so has every other criminal lawyer I 
know. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And if Detective Recarey says it was Alan 
EFTA01137923
--- PAGE 131 ---
Page 592 
Dershowitz that was making the presentation on 
Mr. Epstein's behalf to discredit the victims, that 
would be a true statement in part? 
A. 
Alan Dershowitz made a presentation in 
general that included truthful statements about the 
witnesses, the truth of which tended to discredit 
some of their testimony, yes. 
Q. 
If Detective Recarey was asked, in fact, 
"Was he, Alan, trying to convey to the State 
Attorney's Office that you should not believe these 
girls that they were at his house at all because 
they have credibility problems," and he answered, 
"That was the impression I received, yes" 
A. 
Totally false impression. 
Q. 
This is something that Detective Recarey, 
if he said that, he's lying? 
A. 
No, I didn't say he's lying. You're 
putting words in my mouth. I said it's a false 
impression. He didn't say it definitely happened. 
He said that's the impression he had. 
I didn't ever say that these people were 
not at Jeffrey Epstein's house. That was not part 
of my defense. I never said that to anybody about 
any of the people involved in this case. The 
defense was very different. And Mitch Webber, who 
EFTA01137924
--- PAGE 132 ---
Page 593 
was there, and probably the State Attorney will 
confirm that. 
Q. 
Okay. Going to the police report of 
on page 40 it begins, is she one of the victims that 
you tried to discredit during this meeting we're 
discussing? 
A. 
My recollection is that 
was one of 
the accusers, and we had --
MR. INDYKE: Objection. I'm sorry, I'm 
trying to give you some leeway, but I object on 
the same basis that I objected previously. And 
I believe this was also treading settlement 
negotiations on behalf of Mr. Epstein with the 
police department. Again, this is -- so I 
instruct you not to answer to the extent it 
invades privilege. 
THE WITNESS: So I just understand, are 
you alleging a negotiation privilege, too? 
MR. INDYKE: Yes. I don't want you 
talking about --
THE WITNESS: Clearly, it's covered by 
negotiation, and it would take incredible --
well, I'm not going to say it. This was 
clearly a negotiation. Are they asserting a 
negotiation privilege? I would like to hear 
EFTA01137925
--- PAGE 133 ---
Page 594 
that. 
MR. INDYKE: Yes. 
MR. SCAROLA: It's being asserted by 
Mr. Epstein's counsel. 
THE WITNESS: Are you challenging the 
negotiation privilege? 
MR. SCAROLA: We're asking the question. 
MR. EDWARDS: Are we challenging it? 
Absolutely. 
THE WITNESS: Good. 
MR. SIMPSON: Just wait for a question. 
MR. EDWARDS: It's not getting us 
anywhere. 
MR. INDYKE: I would instruct you not to 
answer that question to the extent it invades 
that privilege. 
THE WITNESS: I think we need a ruling on 
negotiation privilege. 
MR. SCAROLA: I don't think we get that 
ruling in the context of this deposition. 
THE WITNESS: Well, you're asking me a 
question --
MR. SCOTT: There's no question pending. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you remember 
as being one of the 
EFTA01137926
--- PAGE 134 ---
Page 595 
victims that explained that she was also made to 
have sexual relations with 
A. 
No, I have no recollection. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you remember 
being one of the 
victims saying that Epstein bragged that he bought 
from her family in 
to be 
his sex slave? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
4. 
Do you remember -- do you know how it was 
that 
obtained a visa in this 
country? 
A. 
No, absolutely not. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Were you a part of the negotiation with 
the U.S. Attorney's Office to protect 
against immigration charges. 
A. 
I was not aware that there was any 
negotiation relating to her. 
EFTA01137927
--- PAGE 135 ---
Page 596 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
MR. SCOTT: If that is privileged, then 
don't answer it. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You're refusing to answer? 
A. 
I'm not refusing to answer anything. I 
have not refused to answer a single question today. 
I'm instructed, I await the judge's ruling, and 
whatever the judge says, I do. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: There are now, I 
count, four privilege issues that have been 
raised separately. One deals with the 
privilege issue directly and under the 
representation of Mr. Epstein, the work product 
issue that deals with the scope of the 
representation of Mr. Epstein, the joint 
defense agreement and common interest 
privilege, and now as well as a negotiation 
EFTA01137928
--- PAGE 136 ---
Page 597 
privilege. 
And for my purposes, in fairness to all 
the parties, I do think that is something that 
has to be subject to a set of facts on some of 
them and fuller briefing of law, and that 
requires -- I'm happy to hear it, but I think 
it would be even in the purview of a separate 
hearing from today, whether it's in front of me 
or in front of directly Judge Lynch. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I'm going to read this into the record and 
then we'll get the objection and then we'll --
MR. INDYKE: I apologize. I'm not there, 
so I'm not clear when you're finished. I just 
want to make sure I make the objection before 
Mr. Dershowitz responds. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
till. then became upset over this. She 
said her head was being held against the bed 
EFTA01137929
--- PAGE 137 ---
Page 598 
Epstein 
apologized and subsequently paid her a thousand 
dollars." 
Does that refresh your recollection as to 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And if we look back at the public 
statement that was available and attributed to you 
from the Daily Mail in April of 2007, and 
particularly the third statement that was 
highlighted where it attributes to you, "He said 
that the girl who accused Epstein of forcible sex 
had a long record of lying, theft and blaming others 
for her crimes." 
Does what I just read you about 
help 
to refresh your recollection that she is the victim 
you were talking about in the public statement made 
in April of 2007? 
A. 
No. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
EFTA01137930
--- PAGE 138 ---
Page 599 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you believe, then, that it was a 
different victim that Jeffrey Epstein forcibly raped 
and that had a long history of lying, theft and 
blaming others for her crimes other than 
MR. SCOTT: Object to the form. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
MR. SCOTT: Argumentative and relevancy. 
This whole line. 
A. 
I guess I have to answer? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No. 
A. 
I just want to make one point in response, 
though, and that is the quotes from the Mail, of the 
three paragraphs, the first two are not in quotation 
marks, they are not quoting me directly, they're not 
in quotation marks, and I do not remember saying 
those. 
Only the third one is in quotation marks, 
and only had a long record of lying, theft and 
blaming others for her crimes, and I think that 
comes from a court document. And I think if you 
check, you would see that quotation comes from a 
court document. So I have not been quoted by the 
Daily Mail, and I do not think I ever spoke to 
EFTA01137931
--- PAGE 139 ---
Page 600 
Ms. Churchill. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You don't deny, though, that in reading 
the Daily Mail article in your hand that the Daily 
Mail has attributed each of those statements to you, 
whether quoted or not? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection, form, totally 
improper examination. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You can answer. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: You can answer. 
A. 
Oh, sure. I have no memory of having had 
an interview with the Daily Mail. They do attribute 
statements to me, but not in quotes, and that's 
always a red flag. When you see statements 
attributed to somebody in the newspaper and there 
are no quotes, any reasonable lawyer or reader would 
question whether there, in fact, had been such a 
conversation because if there had been such a 
conversation, any good journalist would put it in 
quotes. And many of the things article are in 
quotes, but my statements are not in quotes other 
than the last statement, which I think comes from a 
legal document. 
And at the time I made any statement about 
EFTA01137932
--- PAGE 140 ---
Page 601 
this 
about a woman with a long record of lying, I 
don't think I was making it about somebody who 
claimed to have been raped. I have no recollection 
as I sit here now that anybody ever claimed to have 
been raped by Jeffrey Epstein. I mean forcibly 
raped in the way that you described it in that 
document. That was not part of my negotiation with 
the D.A. The D.A. never accused --
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
But that document that I was reading from 
is the public police report that is available to 
everybody. You recognize that, right? 
A. 
But the D.A. obviously didn't put much 
credit in that because he never charged him with 
that. So that was not one of the things that I was 
dealing with. 
What I was dealing with was two charges 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
A. 
-- of massages with underage sex. That 
was what I was dealing with. That's what any 
comments I may have made dealt with. There was 
never an allegation of forcible rape made by any 
responsible prosecutor in this case. 
EFTA01137933
--- PAGE 141 ---
Page 602 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Isn't the comment, that's attributed to 
you, doesn't it specifically say he, talking about 
Alan Dershowitz, said that the girl who accused 
Epstein of forcible sex had a long record of lying, 
theft and blaming others for her crimes? That's --
A. 
I categorically deny having said that in a 
context of a statement about forcible sex. What the 
Mail probably did is they juxtaposed their view 
based on these articles that it was forcible sex and 
assumed somehow that what I was saying related to 
her. That's not what I said. That I remember quite 
unequivocally. 
Q. 
is particularly one of the victims --
A. 
is not mentioned in this article. 
Q. 
No, no, 
is one of the victims whose 
MySpace page you used to give a presentation to the 
State Attorney's Office about her credibility, isn't 
it? 
MR. SCOTT: Let me object. Argumentative. 
We've been through this five times. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection, same instruction. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: How much further 
do you have on this line of questions because I 
will be --
EFTA01137934
--- PAGE 142 ---
Page 603 
MR. EDWARDS: I just want to get an 
answer, that's it. I want to get answers. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: But the point is 
well made that the way this article is 
constructed, it's meant to -- really the only 
thing that's quoted here based upon this 
article is "had a long record of lying, theft 
and blaming others for her crimes." 
The rest of it is not. And so you don't 
know the source. Based upon what you've 
already elicited from the witness, he doesn't 
remember even talking to the Mail. And so I 
don't want impact your line of questioning. 
I've let you go on this. But how much further 
do you have? 
MR. EDWARDS: Okay, but I think I need to 
put this in context, then, so that we kind of 
understand what the point of this is. 
This is a defamation action where we've 
been accused of not performing any 
investigation. So part of what we had to do is 
what has she told us and what can we prove, and 
what has he said in light of the evidence. 
When we're weighing credibility, this is 
one of the public statements that we have to 
EFTA01137935
--- PAGE 143 ---
Page 604 
weigh against the evidence. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: And I've read 
the pleadings, I've read the various arguments, 
I've read the summary judgment that was filed, 
and so I agree, that's why I've kind of let 
this continue. But how much further? Because 
I'm not so sure how much more information you 
can get from him that you haven't gotten 
already. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Are the three statements that are 
attributed to you in the Daily Mail true or false? 
MR. SCOTT: Asked and answered three 
times. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I have no knowledge, as I said today, as 
to whether or not Jeffrey Epstein passed a lie 
detector test. If I said it, and I don't recall 
saying it, I assume it's true. I can check that. 
So I assume statement one is true. Statement two, 
"'The financier had paid for massages, but did not 
engage in sex or erotic massages with any minors,' 
the lawyer insisted," I have no recollection of 
saying that. 
EFTA01137936
--- PAGE 144 ---
Page 605 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Can we start over and go back to the first 
statement and finish that whole statement, and then 
you tell me whether it's true or false? 
A. 
Right. 
Q. 
So the first statement is told the Mail --
MR. INDYKE: If you are speaking about the 
truth or falsity about these statements in any 
manner to which I have I inserted my 
objections, I would ask you not to answer the 
question. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: So in the 
context of privilege that Mr. Epstein is 
asserting, can you answer the question any 
further than you have already? 
THE WITNESS: Yes. I can. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Go ahead. 
A. 
Our position was that he was innocent of 
the allegations against him. They did not include 
any allegations relating to forcible sex, they did 
not include any of the things that you just read. 
And our position was, and we stated it to 
the State Attorney, that he was innocent of those 
allegations, innocent of those statements. 
I don't want to ever be held to statements 
EFTA01137937
--- PAGE 145 ---
Page 606 
that are not quoted, because particularly the Daily 
Mail and other newspapers take tremendous liberties 
with what you say. And therefore 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I'm asking are they true or false? 
A. 
Say it again. 
Q. 
Are the statements true or false? 
A. 
Statement one is passed the lie detector 
test. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection again. 
A. 
I don't know the answer to that, but I 
assume if I said it, it was true at the time. 
Statement two, he was innocent of all the 
allegations, that was the position that we took as 
to the two women who had allegation against them. 
And the State Attorney obviously did not credit 
A.H.'s testimony because he never -- it would be 
irresponsible for a State Attorney not to bring rape 
charges against somebody who had done what you 
allege from that police report had been done. 
Obviously the State Attorney came to the conclusion 
that there were real questions about her 
credibility. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is it true or false? 
EFTA01137938
--- PAGE 146 ---
Page 607 
A. 
The statements are true. 
Q. 
All of them are true? 
A. 
All of these statements, to the extent 
that I made them, are true. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
A. 
To the extent that I made these 
statements, they are true, yes. And you should have 
been on your guard when you saw that there were no 
quotes, and you should have checked to see that the 
one statement that was quoted probably appeared in a 
legal document. And you should have checked with 
Churchill to see if I ever spoke with her, because I 
have absolutely no recollection of speaking with her 
and I'm fairly confident I did not. 
MR. EDWARDS: i move to strike the 
unresponsive aspects of that answer beyond 
whether they were true or false, which I 
believe the witness has said the statements are 
true. 
A. 
That's not --
MR. INDYKE: To the extent that the 
witness was making that statement from 
privileged information, I move to strike the 
remainder of it. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: To the extent 
EFTA01137939
--- PAGE 147 ---
Page 608 
that -- your motion on the privilege piece is 
granted to the extent that that's what it's 
based upon. 
However, I would say to you that the 
balance of the statement is in response to your 
continued questions on it, so I'm going to 
leave it be. You can be put in context in 
argument with the Court. 
MR. INDYKE: Okay. Thank you. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you write a letter or communicate to 
the U.S. Attorney's Office that Mr. Epstein never 
targeted minors? 
A. 
I have no --
MR. INDYKE: Same objection as to 
settlement negotiations. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is that a true statement that Mr. Epstein 
never targeted minors? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let me ask a 
question about that. 
Is there a copy of the letter? 
MR. EDWARDS: Yes. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Is it in the 
context of the negotiation between -- under the 
EFTA01137940
--- PAGE 148 ---
Page 609 
context of either Mr. Dershowitz or his team 
representing Mr. Epstein with the State 
Attorney's Office? 
MR. EDWARDS: It is. And I will put on 
the record something that everyone in this room 
knows, which is that we have litigated in the 
context of that case whether or not a privilege 
extended between the defense attorneys for 
Mr. Epstein and the government. 
We had to battle both the government and 
his defense attorneys on that all the way to 
the 11th Circuit, and we have an 11th Circuit 
opinion indicating that there is no such 
privilege. 
So to the extent it is being claimed, it 
was already ruled there is no such privilege by 
the 11th Circuit. 
A. 
But --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. I'm at a disadvantage because you've 
lived the case and this is my second day in the 
case. So what -- who was party to the 11th 
Circuit? Darren, were you involved with that, 
or were you, Tom? 
MR. SCOTT: No. 
EFTA01137941
--- PAGE 149 ---
Page 610 
MR. INDYKE: No, not directly. 
MR. EDWARDS: Martin Weinberg and Roy 
Black represented Jeffrey Epstein there. The 
government, I believe, was represented by 
Dexter Lee in the argument. And we were the 
other party. And we prevailed by written 
opinion. I think that it --
THE WITNESS: I'm personally delighted if 
there is no negotiation privilege because the 
negotiation privilege only has been invoked 
against me --
MR. SCAROLA: There's no question pending. 
THE WITNESS: Sorry. Sorry. 
MR. SCAROLA: We move to strike. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I would agree 
with. Strike that last portion from the 
witness. 
If you can share the 11th Circuit opinion, 
that would be appreciated. 
MR. 
THE 
MR. 
MR. 
MR. 
MR. 
EDWARDS: Okay. 
WITNESS: With us, too. 
SCOTT: I've never seen it. 
SIMPSON: I'm aware there is one. 
EDWARDS: Okay. Thank you, Rick. 
SCOTT: I've never seen or read the 
EFTA01137942
--- PAGE 150 ---
Page 611 
opinion, that's all I'm telling you. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you know Gerald Lefcourt? 
A. 
I do. 
Q. 
outlining 
cases was 
outlined? 
A. 
brings it 
the case in front of Judge Marra. 
Q. 
I'm going to show you what we'll mark as 
the next consecutive exhibit, and I don't have a 
clean copy, but it's okay. We can mark mine. 
can we get the exhibits actually marked and 
make sure we know which is which for the 
record? 
(Discussion off the record.) 
(Thereupon, marked as Plaintiff 
Exhibit 22.) 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Can we go to page 13? Can we go to the 
last page? And is that your signature? 
A. 
No, it's not. 
One of the cases -- when you were 
the five pieces of litigation, one of the 
the Crime Victim Rights Act that you 
I don't think I included that. That 
up to seven. Unless you're talking about 
MR. SCOTT: Well, while we're doing that, 
EFTA01137943
--- PAGE 151 ---
Page 612 
Q. 
On the last page. 
A. 
It is not. 
Q. 
That's not your signature? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Who signed your name to this document? 
A. 
I don't know, but I didn't sign it. It's 
not my signature. It's not even close. 
Q. 
Somebody forged your signature to this 
document? 
A. 
No, no, I don't know. It's not my 
signature. You asked me the question is it my 
signature. It is not my signature. You can check 
it against hundreds of signatures. 
Q. 
Did you have anything do with the 
authoring of this letter? 
A. 
My recollection -- I'd have to read the 
letter -- is that I did some of the legal research. 
My job was primarily to be the legal research 
person. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I'm really just asking about this letter 
and the authenticity of it. 
A. 
I did not sign this letter. 
Q. 
Did you authorize someone to sign your 
EFTA01137944
--- PAGE 152 ---
Page 613 
signature to this letter? 
A. 
I have no recollection 
But probably. I 
can't imagine somebody sending a letter with my name 
on it that wasn't somehow authorized. 
Q. 
Is that something that you would do is 
authorize somebody to sign your name to a letter? 
A. 
I'm not responsible for who signed this 
letter. I did not sign this letter. All I can tell 
you is I know my signature, and nobody who knows my 
signature would know this is not my signature. 
Q. 
Okay. You do know Gerald Lefcourt? 
A. 
Yeah. In fact, my name is even spelled 
wrong, but it's okay. I know Gerald Lefcourt very 
well, yeah. 
Q. 
Was he authorized to sign your name to the 
bottom of a letter? 
A. 
I'm sure he must have been. I'm sure I 
saw a draft of the letter at some point and said, 
that's okay, or maybe he just assumed he can sign my 
name because I had done the research, legal 
research, the way you do of counsel, outside counsel 
letters --
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
A. 
-- but I don't have any distinct 
recollection of this. 
EFTA01137945
--- PAGE 153 ---
Page 614 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You agree that the recipient of that 
letter would believe that that was a letter authored 
by you, given that it was purported to be your 
signature at the bottom, wouldn't you agree? 
A. 
A letter that I had some input to. No, 
not necessarily. The first signature is Lefcourt. 
I'm senior to him, older than him. Normally if I 
wrote a letter, my name would come first. 
Probably what should have been -- probably 
it should have included my name as of counsel. 
But -- but, again, I don't have any real 
recollection of this letter. 
Q. 
If we go to page 13, second paragraph 
A. 
I don't see pages. 
MR. SCOTT: Do you need time to review 
this letter? 
A. 
It's a long, long letter. It would take 
me over an hour to review it, probably take me an 
hour to review it. There are no pages. Yours may 
have pages; mine don't have pages. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
In the top right, it starts "Jeffrey 
Sloman," if you go down to that --
A. 
Would you find it for me. 
EFTA01137946
--- PAGE 154 ---
Page 615 
Q. 
Sure. 
MR. SCOTT: Do you want to review the 
letter for few a minutes? Professor, do you 
want to review the letter for a few minutes? 
THE WITNESS: I see where it is. Let me 
first hear the question, and then I might want 
to review it. I think it's basically a legal 
brief, if I recall correctly. Page 13. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Second paragraph. 
A 
I see it. 
Q 
Second sentence, "As we believe we 
persuaded you at the June 26 meeting..." 
Were you at the June 26 meeting? 
A. 
I don't remember. I've been at several 
the meetings, but I can't give you a date. I can 
back in my calendars and see if I was at the June 
meeting, but I don't have a current recollection. 
Q. 
Given the two signatures at the bottom, 
wouldn't a reasonable interpretation of that 
sentence be "as we" --
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
-- "Alan and Gerald"? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Comma, "Mr. Epstein never targeted 
of 
go 
EFTA01137947
--- PAGE 155 ---
Page 616 
minors." 
Do you see that? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Is that a true statement? 
A. 
That was the position --
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same objection on 
any privilege, attorney-client, settlement 
privilege. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Can I see the 
document? 
MR. INDYKE: Object and instruct him not 
to answer. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. 
THE WITNESS: Do you want to give it to me 
overnight and we do it tomorrow? 
MR. SCOTT: He needs to read the letter. 
MR. EDWARDS: To know whether that's a 
truthful statement? 
MR. SCOTT: He wants to read the letter 
before he's examined on it. 
MR. EDWARDS: He can read the statement. 
I'm going to ask him is that a truthful 
statement. 
MR. SCOTT: But he needs to read it in the 
EFTA01137948
--- PAGE 156 ---
Page 617 
context of the whole letter. That's what 
you're entitled to do. He's entitled to read 
the exhibits before he answers that. 
MR. SCAROLA: We'll move on and we'll deal 
with it tomorrow. He can read it overnight. 
MR. SCOTT: You seem to be laughing at 
things I say or smiling at them, and I 
apologize if you do that, because I'm just 
trying to protect my client --
MR. EDWARDS: I understand. 
MR. SCOTT: -- like you're trying to 
protect yours. And I wasn't laughing at you 
when we took Mr. Cassell's deposition. 
Seriously, I don't understand why you laughed 
several times. I don't get it. This is 
serious, and nobody is enjoying this. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Okay. 
THE WITNESS: One laughs, one cries. 
MR. EDWARDS: I think we're just waiting, 
right? 
MR. SCOTT: So he can make a copy 
overnight and look at it. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That's fine. I 
would suggest for purposes of tomorrow that a 
copy of the letter be sent to counsel that's on 
EFTA01137949
--- PAGE 157 ---
Page 618 
the phone, too, so at least he can hear 
argument around that letter rather than have 
him be at a disadvantage. 
MR. EDWARDS: It would have to be sent by 
them. Jeffrey Epstein is not submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the Court. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: This is going to 
be -- my guess is that it's going to be subject 
to a full further inquiry, so let's just -- you 
know, we'll skip to it. 
MR. SCOTT: If I can have copies of the 
exhibits ahead of time so we can look at them, 
it would be helpful. We're going to be using 
them to cross examine him. 
MR. EDWARDS: I'm sorry, Tom. I will do 
that. I was not prepared for the fact that 
Mr. Dershowitz's signature's on the bottom of 
something and he apparently didn't sign them. 
I was blindsided, too. I thought this was a 
letter he would be intimately familiar with 
because I thought he had authored it. I didn't 
realize somebody had signed his name to the 
bottom of it. 
And that's the cause of my laughter, 
because I've personally never seen that before. 
EFTA01137950
--- PAGE 158 ---
Page 619 
I've never seen that happen. 
MR. SCOTT: I understand, but when you're 
going to show -- I apologize, Mr. Pozzuoli, but 
when you're going to show exhibits and ask 
questions about them, you should anticipate 
that the witness and his counsel would want to 
see them. So you should have a copy of them. 
I think that's basic good rules of a 
deposition. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you agree that in assessing your 
credibility on the subject matter of who was 
involved in the abuse of underage girls, that it 
would be fair and reasonable to assess the 
statements that you made during and surrounding that 
investigation against the available evidence? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection --
A. 
If that would be done, every criminal 
defense lawyer in the country could be charged with 
rape, with murder, with every other crime that he 
defends his clients on the basis of. 
I'm a criminal defense lawyer. I've been 
teaching criminal defense law, I've been teaching 
legal ethics in the context of criminal cases for 40 
years. Lawyers are advocates. They assert 
EFTA01137951
--- PAGE 159 ---
Page 620 
positions given to them by clients. And the idea 
that a lawyer asserts a position and, as a result of 
that, is guilty of rape is the worst form of 
McCarthyism imaginable. 
Q. 
So your answer is you don't think it would 
be fair to put your statements up against the 
evidence when evaluating your credibility? 
A. 
In the context that you've just stated, it 
would be utterly unfair, in the context that you 
have just stated, utterly unfair and unprofessional, 
and you know better than that. If I were to judge 
you by the same standards --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Okay. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Because this case is about an initial 
allegation of unprofessionalism, I want to 
investigate that last statement. And let me make 
sure that I got it correctly. It would be 
unprofessional of me to assess -- or any lawyer to 
assess your credibility by --
MR. SCOTT: Listen to the question. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
-- statements that you have made 
surrounding this particular case against the 
backdrop of the available evidence that would be 
EFTA01137952
--- PAGE 160 ---
Page 621 
unprofessional? 
A. 
Not only would it be unprofessional, it 
would involve you also to accuse Jerry Lefcourt, to 
accuse Roy Black, to accuse Ken Starr. All of us 
stood behind our client's defense, and we were 
successful. We persuaded the United States 
Attorney's Office, persuaded the State Attorney's 
Office of our position. 
And you're saying that our advocacy and 
persuasion is evidence that I committed a crime of 
rape. That that is so unprofessional, so goes 
against what the legal system is all about. And 
would basically make it impossible for anybody to 
defend alleged criminals in any criminal context. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Can you find a public statement that was 
made by Roy Black or any of Epstein's other lawyers 
that says that Jeffrey Epstein was innocent of all 
charges or never engaged in an erotic massage or sex 
with minors? 
A. 
Yes, I'm sure that those positions were 
stated universally by all the lawyers in all the 
contexts, if they were stated -- I mean those kinds 
of statements. I'm not saying those statements in 
specific, because I don't know who made those 
EFTA01137953
--- PAGE 161 ---
Page 622 
statements. 
But defending a client against charges, 
trying to minimize the charges, are made by all 
lawyers, and were made by all the lawyers in this 
case, and have been made by you in cases. I'm sure 
if I go back, I will find them. 
Q. 
Okay. 
MR. EDWARDS: I have a document we'll mark 
as -- what's the next consecutive exhibit? 
COURT REPORTER: Number 23. 
(Thereupon, marked as Plaintiff 
Exhibit 23.) 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Will you mark 
that as 22 so we don't forget? 
MR. SIMPSON: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Can you look at the document that we've 
marked as number 23? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
My only question is going to be, did you 
go to that speaking engagement that was scheduled? 
MR. INDYKE: I didn't hear the question. 
This is Darren. 
MR. EDWARDS: I've shown him a document, 
and it is a public document about a scheduled 
EFTA01137954
--- PAGE 162 ---
Page 623 
speaking engagement for Mr. Dershowitz, and I'm 
just asking him whether or not he gave that 
speech. 
A. 
I don't recall that I did. 
MR. INDYKE: Thank you. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you recall it being canceled or you not 
going? 
A. 
I don't recall me doing that speech. 
Q. 
Okay. Do you remember it being scheduled? 
A. 
I remember -- I don't remember 
specifically, but I remember some general statement 
that I had some speeches scheduled, yeah. 
MR. EDWARDS: Do we have an extra copy of 
the Daily Mail article? I thought we --
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going off the record. The 
time is approximately 4:26 p.m. 
(Recess was held from 4:26 p.m. until 4:29 p.m.) 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going back on the record. 
The time is approximately 4:29 p.m. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Are you aware from any nonprivileged 
document or information that Jeffrey Epstein 
referred to sex with underage girls as massages, 
that that was a code word? 
EFTA01137955
--- PAGE 163 ---
Page 624 
A. 
No 
Q. 
In reviewing the message pads that were 
taken from his home and the public police report, 
have you been able to learn that fact? 
A. 
I think it's false. I think it's a false 
fact. When I was offered a massage at Jeffrey 
Epstein's house, I received a legitimate massage by 
a professional masseuse who hurt me. And I called 
my wife and told her about it. I didn't enjoy it. 
And I've been told by numerous people that they have 
gotten ordinary massages, so I don't believe it was 
a code word. I think that's false. 
Q. 
Who told that you that they got ordinary 
massages at Jeffrey Epstein's house? 
A. 
People who were guests at the house. 
Q. 
Exactly. 
MR. INDYKE: I'm sorry? 
A. 
My wife --
MR. INDYKE: Can you repeat the question, 
please. 
MR. EDWARDS: Yes, I was just asked for 
the identity of the people who have told 
Mr. Dershowitz that they have received 
legitimate massages at Jeffrey Epstein's home. 
MR. INDYKE: I object to that question and 
EFTA01137956
--- PAGE 164 ---
Page 625 
the response to the extent it would invade 
privileges that we've already discussed, and 
instruct Alan not to answer. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I think you can 
answer it outside the privilege. 
A. 
Virtually everybody that -- when I was at 
Jeffrey Epstein's house in Palm Beach, not in 
New York -- I never heard the word "massage" used in 
New York, but in Palm Beach, he would offer -- you 
would get an offer of massage, and people would 
accept it or not. But i never heard massage being 
anything other than an ordinary therapeutic massage. 
And I think it's insulting to professional massage 
therapists to assume that every massage -- I mean, 
it was like --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Maybe I communicated my question poorly. 
I was actually asking for the names of the people 
who told you --
A. 
I told you my wife, my daughter, myself. 
I'll try to think of other names, but I remember 
people telling me that they had received massages at 
Jeffrey Epstein's house. 
Q. 
Anybody outside of your immediate family? 
A. 
Yes, but I'm having trouble remembering 
EFTA01137957
--- PAGE 165 ---
Page 626 
specifically who they were. 
Q. 
Okay. 
MR. INDYKE: Outside of 
subject to not 
privilege, you're saying? 
A. 
Right, yeah. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you remember speaking with the Daily 
Mail on or around January 21, 2015, and saying --
Dershowitz said the statements are all lies and "I 
never got a massage from anybody, it's made up out 
of whole cloth"? 
A. 
No, I never said. 
Q. 
If I showed you the statement, would it 
help refresh your recollection? 
A. 
No, because it's false. I never said that 
I never got a massage because I said immediately 
from day one that I got one massage. I said that 
immediately. I described the massage. I might have 
been asked did I get a massage from 
The answer would be no. Did I get massage 
during the relevant period of time? The answer 
would be no. 
But I never stated, and I would challenge 
you to come up with -- no, with a tape recording of 
me saying that in full context because that's not 
EFTA01137958
--- PAGE 166 ---
Page 627 
what I said. I've always said that I received one 
massage. I said that, I think, on day one. 
And, again, you're dealing with the Daily 
Mail. The context would have to be did you get a 
massage from any underage girl or anything like 
that. I never said that. 
Q. 
What does the quote say? 
A. 
And, in fact, I said specifically that I 
kept my underpants on. I was very specific about 
the massage that it was -- I think it was a woman 
from a Russian background. I was very clear. So to 
say that I said that I never got a massage is just 
false. From day one, I said I got a massage. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: You had another 
question in the middle that. Go ahead. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Right. What does the quote attributed to 
you in that article say? 
MR. SIMPSON: The document hasn't even 
been marked yet. 
MR. EDWARDS: What are we up to, 24? 
(Thereupon, marked as Plaintiff 
Exhibit 24.) 
A. 
It doesn't show what the question was. It 
doesn't show the context. And like -- all lies. 
EFTA01137959
--- PAGE 167 ---
Page 628 
All lies. Obviously I was referring to 
said and what '-
about me, so that was the "all lies." 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
massages? What are the words that are used? 
Ms. Churchill? 
say 
the 
got 
what 
Q. 
I'm asking what is the quote about the 
said 
A. 
"I never got a massage from anybody, it's 
made up out of whole cloth." I did not say that. 
Q. 
Okay. So the reporter 
A. 
Is wrong. 
Q. 
is wrong? 
A. 
Who is the reporter? Is it the same 
So this is an article -- you said, again, 
the Daily Mail. This sounds like it's the Daily 
News, not the Daily Mail. 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
But it's not true. I never said in the 
context of generally massage. Because why would I 
that if I said it on television, I said it on 
radio, I've said it over and over again that I 
a massage? 
Q. 
You deny making the statement that was 
attributed to you in the Daily Mail article that's 
attached to the deposition as Exhibit 24? 
EFTA01137960
--- PAGE 168 ---
Page 629 
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
Okay. It does say the Daily News. 
A. 
Or -- now, let me be very clear. If I 
said it, I said it in the context of --
4. 
Daily News. 
A. 
If I said it, I said it in the context of 
' massage or a massage during the 
relevant period because I never would say that I 
didn't get a massage when I got one, and I always 
said I did. 
Go back and check earlier statements, 
statements before this, and you'll see that I said 
it. So what sense would it make for me to say that 
I didn't get it? 
4. 
So is your testimony that you only had one 
massage at Mr. Epstein's home? 
A. 
That's -- let me be very clear. I never 
had a massage in the New York place. I of course 
never had a massage in the -- in the ranch. I have 
no recollection of having a massage -- I never had a 
massage on airplane. And I had one massage in the 
Palm Beach home. 
4. 
What year it was that you had the massage 
in the Palm Beach home? 
A. 
I don't know, but I suspect it was in 
EFTA01137961
--- PAGE 169 ---
Page 630 
very early in my friendship or my acquaintanceship 
with Jeffrey Epstein, probably '96 or '97, but I 
would be guessing. 
It was not during the relevant time period 
because I was not in Jeffrey Epstein's -- my records 
show I was not in Jeffrey Epstein's home in Palm 
Beach during the relevant time period, so I couldn't 
have had a massage during that period. 
Q. 
So is it your testimony, then, that the 
only massage -- we're getting some background from 
the phone. 
MR. SIMPSON: On the phone, there's some 
background. 
MR. INDYKE: Am I the only one on the 
phone? This is Darren. Because if I'm not 
(Discussion off the record.) 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
So is your testimony today that at any of 
Jeffrey Epstein's homes, you have only had one 
massage, and that was only at the Palm Beach home 
and it was sometime in the mid to later '90s? 
A. 
No, let me be very clear. I know for 
absolute certainty I never had a massage in the 
New York home. I know for absolute certainty I 
never had a massage in the ranch. 
EFTA01137962
--- PAGE 170 ---
Page 631 
I do recall having one massage in the Palm 
Beach home. I do know for certain that I never had 
a massage in the airplane. And I'm fairly certain I 
never had a massage at the -- on the island. 
Q. 
And the one massage that you had at the 
Palm Beach home was sometime early in your 
relationship with Jeffrey Epstein, '96 or '97 
approximately? 
A. 
I'm not sure. I'm not sure about that. I 
just don't remember exactly when it was. But it 
wasn't -- obviously it was when I was in his house, 
and the records show that I wasn't in his house 
during the relevant time period. 
Q. 
Is it your memory, though, that it was in 
the '90s? 
A. 
I can't remember. It could have been 
it could have been later. I know that when my 
children and grandchildren came to stay at Jeffrey 
Epstein's house in 2005, I think there was some 
massages that were -- oh, yeah, I think some of them 
had massages. I did not --
Q. 
But --
A. 
-- is my recollection. 
Q. 
But your massage was many years before 
that experience in --
EFTA01137963
--- PAGE 171 ---
Page 632 
A. 
I think so, but I'm not sure. It could 
have been later too. I just don't have any distinct 
chronological frame of reference for when I had a 
massage, but I do remember it very clearly and I 
remember that it was painful and I remember that the 
massage therapist wanted to put her knees on my 
shoulder, and I called my wife immediately after I 
had the massage and told her that this therapist 
wanted to put her knees on my shoulder and I said I 
wasn't really anxious to have that, because she had 
hurt me. She was a very deep therapy massage 
person. 
Q. 
Have you seen Juan Alessi's testimony 
wherein he indicates that you had massages at 
Jeffrey Epstein's home? 
A. 
Would you show it to me, please. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection and 
instruction. 
MR. SCOTT: Didn't we cover this with 
Mr. Scarola the last time, the massage issue? 
I could be wrong. 
THE WITNESS: I was asked about it last 
time. 
MR. SCOTT: Last time I think I covered 
this. 
EFTA01137964
--- PAGE 172 ---
Page 633 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Is this the 
deposition from this matter? 
MR. EDWARDS: The deposition that was in 
the civil matters against Jeffrey Epstein, and 
I think I've bracketed each of the pertinent 
parts. 
A. 
I don't see him saying more than one 
massage. It says, "Did he have massages sometimes 
when he was there? 
"Yes. A massage was like a treat for 
everybody. If they wanted, we called the massage 
and they had a massage." 
That doesn't sound to me like it's very 
specific. I was offered massages on numerous 
occasions by the house staff, and I said no. I did 
have that one massage. And then you have bracketed 
material about big dildos. That clearly refers to 
an area of the house that I was never in, never 
allowed into. Do you have any other brackets 
material? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Not for this question. 
A. 
So this is not any statement that I had 
massages or multiple massages, doesn't contradict 
what I said at all. He's testifying as to the 
EFTA01137965
--- PAGE 173 ---
Page 634 
never dare to 
didn't. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. The question was: 
there? 
sure." 
general procedure, and he's right, people were 
offered massages, and they were real massages, the 
ones that I know about. 
Q. 
Okay. Well --
A. 
Let me say this. Jeffrey Epstein would 
offer me an erotic massage. He would 
know that I would walk out of that room so fast, I 
would never speak to him again. He knows about my 
relationship with my wife. He knows how much I love 
her. He would never in a million years offer me 
anything that was in any way improper, and he 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Brad, you have 
five minutes before Jack smartly wants to get 
out of here, so if you want to look for an 
appropriate break. 
MR. EDWARDS: I'll finish after -- a few 
more questions on this, and then we're done. 
"Do you have any recollection of 
coming to the house when Prince Andrew was 
"ANSWER: It could have been, but I'm not 
EFTA01137966
--- PAGE 174 ---
Page 635 
MR. INDYKE: Object 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
"QUESTION: When Mr. Dershowitz was 
visiting --
"ANSWER: Uh-huh. 
"QUESTION -- how often did he come? 
"ANSWER: He came pretty -- pretty often. 
I would say at least four to five times a year. 
"QUESTION: And how long would he 
typically stay? 
"ANSWER: Two, three days. 
"QUESTION: Did he have massages sometimes 
when he was there? 
"ANSWER: Yes. A massage was like a treat 
for everyone. If they wanted, we'd call the massage 
and they have a massage." 
He does indeed say that you stayed for two 
or three days at a time and had plural massages, 
right? That's his testimony. 
A. 
No, he says I stayed for two or three 
days. 
He doesn't say I was there with 
And he says -- first of all, English is 
not his first language, and he's talking about did 
you have massages. "Yes, a massage is a treat for 
everybody." 
EFTA01137967
--- PAGE 175 ---
Page 636 
I was offered massages. I had one 
massage. Just -- I'm trying to think of something 
else he said. Can I see it again, please? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
The whole deposition? 
A. 
Just that part of it. 
The only time I stayed for -- he's right, 
I stayed for two or three days with my wife, my 
daughter-in-law, my son, and two grandchildren and 
my daughter. We stayed for about five days. 
Jeffrey Epstein was not in the house at that point 
in time. 
He found out we were looking for a 
vacation place, and he offered his empty house with 
the housekeeper and his wife, and we stayed there 
during that period of time. 
The only other time that I stayed for more 
than one day was when I was involved in the case 
with my research assistants. I stayed for two days 
once with my nephew, Adam, who was coming to watch a 
launch of the space shuttle. But I have no 
recollection of ever staying three days alone. 
There would be no reason I would do that. And I 
didn't. 
4. 
While you were staying at the house, did 
EFTA01137968
--- PAGE 176 ---
Page 637 
Mr. Epstein have underage girls over to give him 
massages? 
A. 
Certainly not to my knowledge. If I had 
seen a single underage girl in that house that 
looked like she was there for any inappropriate 
person, I would have been out of there 
instantaneously. That would not be covered by the 
lawyer-client privilege. And I would have called 
the police and 
feel about sex 
Q. 
Even 
years old? 
A. 
I 
turned him in. That's how strongly 
with underage people, male or female. 
though these girls 
I 
were 14, 15, 16 
never saw -- not even though. 
Especially. Of course. A fortiori. I never saw 
anything like that, not on the airplane, not in the 
ranch, not on the -- in the island, not in Palm 
Beach, and not in New York. 
MR. SCOTT: It's 4:45. 
A. 
He did always travel with an entourage, 
and he had people in his encourage who looked like 
they were in their middle 20s. And, of 
Mr. Scarola tried to accuse me of being 
with an underage girl who turned out to 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
course, 
on an plane 
be 25. 
EFTA01137969
--- PAGE 177 ---
Page 638 
Q. 
My last question, are you aware -- we can 
pick back up here off of my last question. Are you 
aware that another housekeeper, Alfredo Rodriguez, 
put you in the home at a time when underage girls 
were also in the home? 
A. 
Would you please show me that? Because 
your last question was a mischaracterization 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
-- so let me see this one as well. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Sure. I'll just read it to you. 
A. 
No, just let me see it. You can read it 
to me. Let me see it. 
Q. 
"And did you have knowledge of" --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: What are you 
reading from? 
MR. EDWARDS: Sure. It's the deposition 
of Alfredo Rodriguez that was taken July 29, 
2009. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
"Was there a lawyer from Harvard named 
Alan Dershowitz? 
"Yes, ma'am. 
"How often during the six months or so 
EFTA01137970
--- PAGE 178 ---
Page 639 
when you were there was Alan Dershowitz there?" 
A. 
What were the six months, by the way? 
Q. 
I don't know. We'll find out from his 
employment with Jeffrey Epstein. Your client would 
know. 
"Two or three times. 
"How did you have knowledge of why he was 
visiting a -- and did you have knowledge of why he 
was visiting? 
"No, ma'am. 
"Was he acting as a lawyer or there as a 
friend? 
"ANSWER: I believe a friend. 
"Were there also young ladies in the house 
at the time he was there? 
"ANSWER: Yes, ma'am. 
"And would those have included, for 
instance, 
and 
"Yes, ma'am. 
"Were there other young ladies there when 
Mr. Dershowitz was there? 
"Yes, ma'am. 
"Do you have any idea who those young 
women were? 
"No, ma'am. 
EFTA01137971
--- PAGE 179 ---
Page 640 
"Were any of those young women that you 
have said came to give massages? 
"Yes, ma'am." 
"Ms. Esell, who was representing 
at the time, asked you about Mr. Dershowitz 
being present in Mr. Epstein's home, and I think she 
said   and I think you said Mr. Epstein was -- and 
he and Mr. Dershowitz were friends? 
"ANSWER: Yes. 
"She also, I think, asked was 
Mr. Dershowitz ever there when one of the women who 
gave a massage was present in the home. 
"ANSWER: I don't remember that. 
"QUESTION: That's what I want to clear 
up. Is it your testimony that Mr. Dershowitz was 
there when any of the women came to Mr. Epstein's 
home to give a massage? 
"ANSWER: Yes. 
"QUESTION: And when Mr. Dershowitz was at 
the house, I understood you to say that these local 
Palm Beach girls would come over to the house while 
he was there, but you're not sure if he had a 
massage from any of the girls. 
"ANSWER: Exactly. 
"QUESTION: And what would he do while the 
EFTA01137972
--- PAGE 180 ---
Page 641 
girls were in the house? 
"He would read a book, glass of wine by 
the pool or stay inside." 
So my question is, are you aware that 
Alfredo Rodriguez put you in Jeffrey Epstein's home 
when the underage girls were coming to his home to 
give massage? 
A. 
Absolutely not. 
MR. SIMPSON: Object to the form and 
mischaracterizing and taking multiple separate 
sections of a deposition and multiple different 
pages read as though they were together. 
Object to the form. 
A. 
I'll answer. He talks about young 
ladies --
MR. SWEDER: I'm going to object to that, 
too. This is Mr. Sweder. That is a misleading 
reading of that deposition, leaving out a very 
particular part of it --
MR. EDWARDS: Okay. The whole 
deposition --
MR. SWEDER: -- that says that he didn't 
know whether Dershowitz ever even saw these 
young women. 
MR. SCOTT: We covered this all in the 
EFTA01137973
--- PAGE 181 ---
Page 642 
true. 
last 
A. 
Epstein's 
woman. I 
woman. I 
depo. 
I never saw an underage person in Jeffrey 
house. I saw 
who is a young 
saw Giselle [sic) Maxwell, who is a young 
saw women in their late 20s and 30s. 
I never had a massage from any of these 
young women. There's no mention of underage in the 
entire deposition. And you again willfully and 
deliberately misstated what you said the deposition 
said, just like you misstated the deposition of 
Mr. Rodriguez. 
Q. 
Okay. The deposition will speak for 
itself whether or not there's any mention of 
underage women in the deposition. 
A. 
Will you again point to met to the 
underage? Point me to the word "underage" in that 
deposition. 
Q. 
I understand your statement that there is 
not one. 
A. 
There is not one, okay. I'm glad we have 
that acknowledgment. 
Q. 
I didn't acknowledge that. It's just not 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Is there any 
other questions at this point? 
EFTA01137974
--- PAGE 182 ---
Page 643 
MR. EDWARDS: This is a good breaking 
point. 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going off the record. The 
time is approximately 4:49 p.m. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: We're 
reconvening 9:00 tomorrow? 
MR. EDWARDS: Yes. 
EFTA01137975
--- PAGE 183 ---
Page 644 
CERTIFICATE OF OATH 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF BROWARD 
I, the undersigned authority, certify 
that ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ personally appeared 
before me and was duly sworn on the 12th day of 
January, 2016. 
Signed this 14th day of January, 2016. 
KIMBERLY FONTALVO, RPR, CLR 
Notary Public, State of Florida 
My Commission No. FF 226848 
Expires: 7/12/2019 
EFTA01137976
--- PAGE 184 ---
Page 645 
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF BROWARD 
I, KIMBERLY FONTALVO, Registered 
Professional Reporter, do hereby certify that I 
was authorized to and did stenographically report 
the foregoing videotape continued deposition of 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ; pages 462 through 455; that a 
review of the transcript was requested; and that 
the transcript is a true record of my 
stenographic notes. 
I FURTHER CERTIFY that I am not a 
relative, employee, attorney, or counsel of any 
of the parties, nor am I a relative or employee 
of any of the parties' attorneys or counsel 
connected with the action, nor am I financially 
interested in the action. 
Dated this 14th day of January, 2016. 
KIMBERLY FONTALVO, RPR, CLR 
EFTA01137977
--- PAGE 185 ---
Page 646 
January 14, 2016 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II - Suite 1400 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
BY: THOMAS EMERSON SCOTT, JR., ESQ. 
Re: Bradley Edwards, et al., v. Alan M. Dershowitz 
Please take notice that on the 12th day of January, 
2016, you gave your deposition in the above cause. 
At that time, you did not waive your signature. 
The above-addressed attorney has ordered a copy of 
this transcript and will make arrangements with you 
to read their copy. Please execute the Errata 
Sheet, which can be found at the back of the 
transcript, and have it returned to us for 
distribution to all parties. 
If you do not read and sign the deposition within a 
reasonable amount of time, the original, which has 
already been forwarded to the ordering attorney, may 
be filed with the Clerk of the Court. 
If you wish to waive your signature now, please sign 
your name in the blank at the bottom of this letter 
and return to the address listed below. 
Very truly yours, 
KIMBERLY FONTALVO, RPR, CLR 
Phipps Reporting, Inc. 
1551 Forum Place 
Building 200, Suite E 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
I do hereby waive my signature. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
EFTA01137978
--- PAGE 186 ---
Page 647 
ERRATA SHEET 
DO NOT WRITE ON TRANSCRIPT - ENTER CHANGES HERE 
In Re: BRADLEY EDWARDS, ET AL., V. ALAN M. 
DERSHOWITZ 
Case No.: 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
January 12, 2016 
PAGE 
LINE 
CHANGE 
REASON 
Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I have 
read the foregoing document and that the facts 
stated in it are true. 
Date 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
EFTA01137979
--- PAGE 187 ---
EFTA01137980

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137981.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137981

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137982.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
se 
EFTA01137982

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137983.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137983

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137984.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137984

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137985.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137985

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137986.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137986

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137987.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137987.pdf
----------------------------------------
r-' 
EFTA01137987

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137988.pdf
----------------------------------------
i 
I 
I 
EFTA01137988

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137989.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137989.pdf
----------------------------------------
TIPPIP 
heral•  
aM.!. 
EFTA01137989

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137990.pdf
----------------------------------------
No Images Produced
EFTA01137990

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137991.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137991

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137992.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01137992

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137993.pdf
----------------------------------------
a
EFTA01137993

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137994.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
\ / 
r 
. 
. 
- , . 
. 
.'.. • 
•• 
/ 
/ 
, 
/ 
/ 
, 
N. I' 
.. 
, 
- 
a 
it 
X • 
XI 
• 
/ 
/ 
, 
/ 
/ 
, 
V 
• 
a 
A 
a 
a 
a 
la 
a 
z 
. 
• 
. 
I , • 
• 
II : • 14 ' • 
: M 
- 
/ 
\‘.. 
I 
• , 
, , / , / , / 
/ 
, 
• 
' • 
. 'a 
, * 
II 
. I 
• 
/ 
1/2... 
/ 
\ 
ze` 
/ 
A 7 
- 
/- 
/- ,"" 11 /ff. /,‘ 
• 
//\ 
/ 
2.1::*/* • 
.1'/. '1 7 -, 
-it.: 
-*;71-:-: 
-2* 
/ 
'V; 7 .: 
2-‘ 
Et 
/ 7\ 
EFTA01137994

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137995.pdf
----------------------------------------
messeessatess4ograwassnisamasonaSsissignessa••••ffima..._, 
EFTA01137995

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137996.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137996.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Louella 
Date: Sat, 16 Jan 2016 11:31:02 +0000 
Attachments: NoCallerID-0114-121726-415.pdf 
Attached is a bid in the amount of 7,405 to redo 1 of her bathrooms plus one toilet in the other bathroom in her 
new condo. She chose only to do 1 bathroom since costs from multiple vendors were higher than she would have 
liked. Please advise if ok for her to proceed. Thank you. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Tel
Cell 
EFTA01137996

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137997.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 16 Jan 2016 12:18:45 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 2474.jpg; IMG 2475.jpg 
Little piece;) 
On Saturday, January 16, 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
wont be as much fun as last week 
On Sat, Jan 16, 2016 at 7:13 AM, 
My pleasure! Have a great day! 
wrote: 
On Saturday, January 16, 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
no, thank you for asking go back to sleep as late as you can. thanks for your help 
On Sat, Jan 16, 2016 at 7:06 AM, 
wrote: 
Good morning! Do you need me today? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA01137997
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01137998

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01137999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01137999.pdf
----------------------------------------
' 
t•
• • nti • 
EFTA01137999

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138000.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138000.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138000

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138001.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
-2. y ." -e-.--r 
--
-"r-e-c--;--).
--->"."°-
-C-;--
'
'r----' 
---__ 
.•k--
Z - 
,oe- , 
jot- 
.. 
...••••-<-___ . --CT 
— Jr
' 
-el 
p.
• 
cow 
- 
- 
r  
O r
• 
• 
• 
• 
.0 0
• 
• 
a 
# 
* 
• 
• 
• 
vis 
." 
!r.:• 
P 
• 
- 
•
• 
t 
\ 
O"5 
z't ‘• • 
1,01. 
' 
• 
t 
44), 
1/2\l‘c ili: c' o. 
I., Ir. 
• 
; • ° A If 
1; :, v.*?. 
;1
ge
c 
O
.
°1
 100& 
ISO 
i
:
#1  
ale 
assiOrr 
i 
al
I 
III 
/ 21 #1
(
• 
PIM 
`ft 
1/4 
• .‘ 
• ie.. 
• 
r 'T• 
• . • 
♦
• 
.. , 
N. ',Ilk 
; 
*VIII; 
-1:4 Let 
Int\ . te) 
. 
44-4A-4`.$ 
41S 41. 
%4`. 
O41,114 
• 
• 
a. 
E.\ 
' 
14. 
: 
I L:: 
• 
L • e 
);;15.51;44
.‘".•
t 
# 
%tic: 
• ;tirr-, ,i't 
frik • 
• •,":, 
, ' • ' 
‘..\ • 
I 
 k
• 
L 
• 31/. 
EFTA01138001

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138002.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 16 Jan 2016 16:47:01 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_2884.jpg 
EFTA01138002

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138003.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Sat, 16 Jan 2016 16:50:18 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_2884.jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sat, Jan 16, 2016 at 11:47 AM 
Subject: 
To: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01138003

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138004.pdf
----------------------------------------
Front 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 16 Jan 2016 17:02:03 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 8452.JPG 
New one 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. 
Any distribution, copying or other use of this E-Mail or the information it contains, by other than an intended 
recipient, is not sanctioned and may be unlawful . 
EFTA01138004

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138005.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138005

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138006.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jee leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 17 Jan 2016 11:56:13 +0000 
Inline-Images: 1MG_2836jpg 
EFTA01138006

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138007.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 17 Jan 2016 13:51:32 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_2528.JPG 
EFTA01138007
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01138008

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138009.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Sun, 17 Jan 2016 17:40:17 +0000 
Inline-Images: 1MG_2836jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: jee leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, Jan 17, 2016 at 6:56 AM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein icevacation@gmail cow> 
please note 
EFTA01138009
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01138010

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138011.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: MIMMMIMMIl
l 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 17 Jan 2016 17:42:02 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 2723.JPG; IMG_2719.JPG 
Sunday's brunch <3 
EFTA01138011

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138012.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138012

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138013.pdf
----------------------------------------
f
.
\
‘
'
v
e
.
4' Ns
041- 
* 
• 
144:',F4k-
a 
44/ 
ii• k
sy r  tw it . 0 
alla A 
I 
li
e_ 
1, 
• L. 
s N, 
N sit 
k 
' 
Er 
It 
lk, 
• -ita,.... 
. 
* 
. 
Ils• 
S -4 \ 
'. 4 
••• 
C 
-411 
• . . ,. t m 
• 
VIS 
Irlb• 
e t 
.,_ 
l• . li 
•Pi
mg"i
',
t r ab. - 
. 
igh 
II 
e 
ea 
% 
I 
t e
I 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• t e
It A*. dic r
A i r  • 
<14
at a ti" 
air 
EFTA01138013

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138014.pdf
----------------------------------------
LEWIS W. BERNARD 
CHAIRMAN 
LORNE MICHAELS 
ELLEN V. FUTTER 
EVENT CHAIR 
PRESIDENT 
REQUEST THE PLEASURE OF YOUR COMPANY AT 
THE MUSEUM GALA 
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 201H, 2014 
PM COCKTAILS I 7:45 PM DINNER 
MENU CREATED BY MARIO BATALI 
HOSTED BY 
TINA FEY 
SPECIAL PERFORMANCE 
BRUNO MARS 
AUCTIONEER 
ALEXANDER GILKES 
PRESENTATION OF THE THEODORE ROOSEVELT AWARD TO 
TOM BROKAW 
BLACK TIE 
PLEASE ENTER THE MUSEUM ON CENTRAL PARK WEST AT 79'" STREET 
EFTA01138014

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138015.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
EFTA01138015

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138016.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138016

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138017.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: AICE < 
To: jeevacationglAmail.com 
Subject: AICE Update: Does Israel "occupy" the West Bank? 
Date: Mon, 18 Jan 2016 12:19:53 +0000 
The American-Israeli 
Cooperative Enterprise 
044.4 21a Gbecut 
E-Newsletter 
Jewish 
Virtual 
FIF 
RIFF 
IN THIS ISSUE 
Myths & Facts: Exclusive 
Mitchell Bard in The 
Jerusalem Post 
Fact of the Week 
January: Israel Diversity 
Month 
THIS WEEK IN 
JEWISH HISTORY 
First Savannah 
Synagogue Admitted 
to Reform Movement 
(1904) 
President Hoover 
Gives Support for 
Jewish Homeland 
(1932) 
IDF Begins Rescue 
Operations after 
Earthquake in Haiti 
(2.010) 
See More Jewish 
History Events 
January 18, 2016 
Does Israel "Occupy" the West Bank? 
In politics words matter and, unfortunately, the misuse of 
words applying to the Arab-Israeli conflict has shaped 
perceptions to Israel's disadvantage. As in the case of the 
term "West Bank," the word "occupation" has been hijacked 
by those who wish to paint Israel in the harshest possible light. 
It also gives apologists a way to try to explain away terrorism 
as "resistance to occupation," as if the women and children 
killed by suicide bombers in buses, pizzerias, and shopping 
malls were responsible for the plight of the Palestinians. 
L;_plyths & Facts: 
2012 
Given the negative connotation of an "occupier," it is not 
surprising that Israel's detractors use the word or some 
variation as many times as possible when interviewed by the press. The more 
accurate description of the territories in Judea and Samaria, however, is "disputed" 
territories. 
Click Here to Continue Reading 
Mitchell Bard in The Jerusalem Post 
If You Want to Change the Campus Culture, Look to the Faculty 
A number of articles have been written about a new organization that is 
going to work with faculty to address problems on campus related to Israel 
and the treatment of Jewish students. While the group understandably wants 
to present itself to funders as something new and exciting, the truth is that a 
number of us recognized that faculty is the key to changing the campus 
environment inside and outside the classroom a decade or more ago and 
have been diligently working with faculty for years to expand the field of 
EFTA01138017
--- PAGE 2 ---
AICE PROJECTS 
To stay updated 
on a daily basis, 
find us online! 
l'r r a 
a 
Israel Studies, respond to Israel's detractors, and deter and defeat the 
campaign to boycott, divest, or sanction (BDS) Israel. 
As academics, we understand that faculty hold the real power in a university 
and for too many years we have witnessed that power being abused by 
professors with anti-Israel political agendas. These faculty sometimes use 
their classrooms as bully pulpits to advocate personal views and to intimidate 
students who typically lack the knowledge to rebut the "authority's" position 
and fear retribution if they speak out. 
Click Here to Read More 
Fact of the Week 
American Historical Association Rejects Israel Boycott 
The anti-Semitic boycott, divestment, and sanctions (BDS) campaign 
suffered another crushing loss when the American Historical Association 
rejected a proposal by a fringe group of historians to boycott Israel. This was 
a triumph of academic integrity over anti-Israel propaganda and sets an 
important precedent for other professional associations. A similar group of 
extremists from the field of anthropology plan to push their association to 
boycott Israel at their upcoming meeting and the mainstream professors in 
the field will have an opportunity to reinforce the historians' message that 
academic associations are nonpolitical and stand for the freedoms of speech 
and academic inquiry that are the bedrock of America's institutions of higher 
learning. 
January: Israel Diversity Month 
EFTA01138018
--- PAGE 3 ---
To stay updated on a daily basis, find us online! 
Sincerely, 
Mitchell Bard 
AICE Executive Director 
p 
Forward this email 
EFTA01138019
--- PAGE 4 ---
Gr 
This email was sent to jeevacationegmall.com by 
Update Profile/Email Address Rapid removal with Safelinsubscribei" 
About our service  provider. 
;2, 
American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise 12810 Blaine Dr. Chevy Chase MD 20815 
EFTA01138020

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138021.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jean HUGUEN" 
To: mjeffrey 
<jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: resume 
Date: Mon, 18 Jan 2016 13:36:12 +0000 
Attachments: JF_Resume.pdf; ATT00100.htm 
Dear Jeffrey 
The son of a very good friend of mine,Jonathan Friedlander ,is trying to find his professional future ! 
He is clever,nice and quite brilliant and not so fare from yours interests. 
May I ask you to meet him,for a talk , it could help him, and I dare to think you should not be boared. 
If that is the thing you do not like tell me frankly ,there is no problem 
He can come to see you anytime in NY 
Thanks for your help but please feel free 
With my best regards 
jean 
EFTA01138021

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138022.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Neal Berger
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Eagle's View Capital Management, LLC- December 2015 Performance Update... 
Date: Mon, 18 Jan 2016 16:09:04 +0000 
Eagles View Capital Management. LLC December 2015 
Performance Update 
Jan. 18, 2016 
Year-end Recap 
Dear Partners/Friends, 
Click here to view our most recent monthly investor tearsheet 
Performance of Eagle's View Capital Partners, L.P. is estimated at flat for December 
with YTD performance estimated at +5.04% net of all fees and expenses. 
Performance of Eagle's View Offshore Fund, Ltd. Class G is estimated at +0.50% for 
December with YTD performance estimated at +3.08% net of all fees and expenses. 
Performance of Eagle's View Offshore Fund, Ltd. Class B ("High Alpha") is estimated 
at -0.10% for December with YTD performance estimated at -0.23% net of all fees and 
expenses. This Share Class seeks to generate substantially higher returns through a more 
concentrated portfolio of some of our historically higher return opportunities. Investors 
in this Class should have a willingness to accept increased volatility and risk in 
exchange for the potential of higher returns. 
For the full year 2015, we believe Eagle's View performed within the boundaries of 
expectations, although, toward the lower end of our anticipated and desired profile. 
Relatively speaking, we did well, however, we are not a Firm that emphasizes relative 
performance both on the upside or on the downside. Our goal is to generate a truly non-
correlated source of alpha over a reasonable horizon, therefore, performance relative to 
other mainstream and alternative investments is not overly relevant as far as we are 
concerned. We believe our return profile is driven more by the opportunity set of 
inefficiencies we seek to capitalize upon and the manner in which they manifest. 
Considered over a reasonable horizon, we believe our returns should exhibit an 
idiosyncratic profile. 
EFTA01138022
--- PAGE 2 ---
We view 2015 as a major transitional year for global markets, monetary policy, and 
market dislocation. We witnessed a substantial number of surprising shocks to markets 
including but not limited to, the Swiss Central Bank unexpectedly scrapping the peg 
versus the USD early in 2015, the European bond rout over a 2 week time frame in late 
April sending the German 10-year Bund from 0.05% to 0.74% (capping the biggest 
weekly rise in yield since 1999 when Germany joined the Euro Zone), the highly 
forgettable Greek crisis of June, 2015, Yuan devaluation and substantial turbulence 
within the Chinese markets possibly exacerbated by the lack of confidence in Chinese 
central bankers to manage their economy and markets properly, entering commodity 
prices coupled with massive short-term counter-trend moves such as the 29% rally over 
a 3+ day period in Crude Oil, the 35% rally in gold mining stocks toward the end of the 
Summer, substantial central bank confusion and mixed signals including the very 
disappointing Dec. 3th Draghi move which caused certain hedge funds (particularly 
within Macro and CTA) to experience their largest losing day ever, and of course, 
culminating with the first Fed rate hike in 10 years, a highly controversial move in 
certain circles. 
As we suggested in our letter of Dec. 13th entitled, "Welcome to the Jungle" (Click here 
to view), severe market dislocation has continued, and in fact, has picked up steam at an 
unprecedented rate thus far during January. Negative swap spreads and negative 
nominal interest rates in certain countries, a severe divergence between market 
expectations of future interest rate policy versus chatter coming out of the Fed, messy 
Chinese markets, crashing commodity prices, increased illiquidity in markets due to 
regulatory changes from Basel III and Dodd-Frank have all led to quite a chaotic start to 
the year. 
Clearly, readers do not need us to recap the events of this year within this email as it is 
apparent to all of us. So, why are we mentioning this? In short, the market environment 
continues to create increased inefficiencies irrespective of the ultimate direction of the 
markets. We believe and expect our strategies will be able to capitalize upon these 
opportunities. That said, during periods of severe dislocation, forced asset flows, 
liquidations, etc., existing positions our Managers hold may become increasingly 
inefficient and thus cause short-term losses. Based upon current Manager estimates, we 
are down modestly for January thus far, however, nothing alarming or outside the 
boundaries of our normal return history. Sometimes, we find we may have to lose a little 
as markets become increasingly chaotic in order to make a lot (hopefully) as the dust 
settles. 
2015 is in the record books and it will go down as a respectable, although, modest year 
for Eagle's View. All attention is now focused toward 2016. We believe the current 
market conditions are quite favorable to create the increased opportunity set our 
Managers need to capitalize upon. We come at the market from a position of strength 
and without fear of the chaos and turbulence. In fact, we welcome it. We recognize this 
may cause increased volatility of our own returns, however, we also believe that these 
are the conditions necessary to allow for enhanced returns. We are highly diversified 
across numerous strategies that we believe have positive expectancy. We have little/no 
correlation to the direction of markets and we are invested in liquid strategies. We feel 
very good about our current positioning and we're pleased that we have the experience 
to have prepared ourselves for markets like this despite not having witnessed this type of 
volatility in quite some time. As mentioned within our Nov. commentary, we favor 
quantitatively driven strategies such as various forms of statistical arbitrage, volatility 
arbitrage, algorithmic pattern recognition, and of course, strategies that 'live above the 
fray' such as electricity arbitrage, shipping derivatives, etc. 
EFTA01138023
--- PAGE 3 ---
Of course, we could fill our portfolio with Cat Bonds, Life Settlements, Platform 
Lending, and other asset backed lending strategies to show a lack of correlation and 
smooth returns. That said, we believe those strategies have embedded risks that we are 
simply not willing to take despite their apparent smooth return monthly profiles which 
we do not believe capture the true risks inherent in those strategies. As such, we've 
avoided them despite their 'marketability' during these turbulent times. 
Eagle's View has always attempted to be well prepared for market dislocation and 
potential illiquidity of certain markets. We have generally avoided most credit strategies, 
'risk-on' exposure (our flagship Fund has an insignificant 0.08 beta to the S&P), and, our 
risk management approach has always accounted for the fact that we will see more 
challenging markets than those we've experienced since the central bank supported 
environment post-2008. We've simply seen the movie too many times to believe that 
goldilocks markets last forever. We've always felt one of our 'value adds' to investors is 
the ability to generate consistent returns even during periods of stress. 
Eagle's View has never sought to outperform equities or be the highest performer. 
Rather, we've sought to provide investors with a low-stress, wealth preservation vehicle 
that can withstand challenging market environments and provide a truly unique source 
of alpha. We believe and expect this will continue to hold true. 
We do not believe that we, nor anyone else has any 'edge' in making predictions 
regarding the direction of markets. Rather, we are simply in the money making business. 
We are not interested in being right about the economy or patting ourselves on the back 
for predicting the timing of the next Fed tightening, or lack thereof. We are interested in 
putting up smooth and steady returns for our investors in a low stress manner. 
We'd like to take this year-end letter to say thank you to our investors for your continued 
confidence in our approach and offering. Rest assured, we work hard every day to 
protect and grow your capital in a responsible manner and we do not take the confidence 
you have placed in us lightly. 
We are accepting new investment within our Fund of Funds products as well as within 
our Advisory business. Please contact me with further interest in our products/services. 
Disclaimer: Past performance is not indicative of future results. This newsletter is provided for 
informational uses only and should not be used or considered an offer to sell, buy or subscribe 
for securities, or other financial instruments. Prospective investors may not construe the 
contents of this newsletter or any prior or subsequent communication from us, as legal, tax or 
investment advice. Each prospective investor should consult his/her personal Counsel, 
Accountant, and other Advisors as to the legal, tax, economic and other consequences of hedge 
fund investing and the suitability of such investing for him/her. Further, the contents of this 
newsletter should not be relied upon in substitution of the exercise of independent judgment. 
The information contained herein has been obtained from sources generally deemed by us to be 
reliable, however, all or portions of such information may be uniquely within the knowledge of 
parties which are unaffiliated with us or our affiliates and, therefore, may not be amenable to 
independent investigation or confirmation. In such cases, we have not undertaken to 
independently investigate or confirm the accuracy or adequacy of such information, but we have 
no reason to believe that such information was not accurate and adequate, to the best of our 
knowledge, when given. The index comparisons herein are provided for informational purposes 
only and should not be used as the basis for making an investment decision. There are 
significant differences between client accounts and the indices referenced including, but not 
EFTA01138024
--- PAGE 4 ---
limited to, risk profile, liquidity, volatility and asset composition. Funds included in the HFRI 
Monthly Indices must report monthly returns; report net of all fees retums; report assets in US 
Dollars, and have at least $50 million under management or have been actively trading for at 
least twelve (12) months. Fund of Funds invest with multiple managers through funds or 
managed accounts. The strategy designs a diversified portfolio of managers with the objective of 
significantly lowering the risk (volatility) of investing with an individual manager. The Fund of 
Funds manager has discretion in choosing which strategies to invest in for the portfolio. A 
manager may allocate funds to numerous managers within a single strategy, or with numerous 
managers in multiple strategies. The minimum investment in a Fund of Funds may be lower than 
an investment in an individual hedge fund or managed account. The investor has the advantage 
of diversification among managers and styles with significantly less capital than investing with 
separate managers. PLEASE NOTE: The HFRI Fund of Funds Index is not included in the HFRI 
Fund Weighted Composite Index. It is important to note that investing in hedge funds involves 
risks. Please request and read the Private Placement Memorandum for a complete description 
of the risks of hedge fund investing. Hedge fund investing may involve, in addition to others, the 
following risks: the vehicles often engage in leveraging and other speculative investments which 
may increase the risk of investment loss; they can be highly illiquid; hedge funds are not 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; they may involve 
complex tax structures and thus delays in distributing important tax information may occur; 
hedge funds are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds and they 
often charge high fees. Opinions contained in this Newsletter reflect the judgment as of the day 
and time of the publication and are subject to change without notice. Eagle's View Capital 
Management, LLC provides investment advisory services to clients other than the Funds, and 
results between clients may differ materially. Eagle's View Capital Management, LLC believes 
that such differences are attributable to different investment objectives and strategies between 
clients. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. If you are not the intended 
recipient or have received this communication in error please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material 
in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Kindest regards, 
Neal Berger 
President 
axles view ( coital Management LLC 
Forward email 
This email was sent to jeevacation@gmail.com by 
Rapid removal with SafeUnsubscriberm 
About our service  provider. 
Eagles View Capital Management LLC I 135 East 57th St. 23rd Floor I New York I NY 10022 
EFTA01138025

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138026.pdf
----------------------------------------
648 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL 
CIRCUIT IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and PAUL G. 
CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs, 
VS. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant. 
VIDEOTAPE CONTINUED DEPOSITION OF 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
VOLUME 5 
Pages 648 through 781 
Wednesday, January 13, 2016 
9:04 a.m. - 11:59 a.m. 
Tripp Scott 
110 Southeast 6th Street 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 
Stenographically Reported By: 
Kimberly Fontalvo, RPR, CLR 
Realtime Systems Administrator 
EFTA01138026
--- PAGE 2 ---
649 
APPEARANCES: 
On behalf of Plaintiffs: 
SEARCY, DENNEY, SCAROLA 
BARNHART & SHIPLEY, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33402-3626 
BY: JACK SCAROLA, ESQ. 
On behalf of Defendant: 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II - Suite 1400 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
BY: THOMAS EMERSON SCOTT, JR., ESQ. 
BY: STEVEN SAFRA, ESQ. 
(Via phone) 
--and 
SWEDER & ROSS, LLP 
131 Oliver Street 
Boston, MA 02110 
BY: KENNETH A. SWEDER, ESQ. 
--and--
WILEY, REIN 
17769 K Street NW 
Washington, DC 20006 
BY: RICHARD A. SIMPSON, ESQ. 
EFTA01138027
--- PAGE 3 ---
650 
APPEARANCES (Continued): 
On behalf of Jeffrey Epstein: 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Ave., 4th Fl. 
New York, New York 
BY: DARREN K. INDYKE, ESQ. (Via phone) 
On behalf of 
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER, LLP 
401 E. Las Olas Blvd., Ste. 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
BY: SIGRID STONE MCCAWLEY, ESQ. 
ALSO PRESENT: 
Edward J. Pozzuoli, Special Master 
Sean D. Reyes, Utah Attorney General Office 
Marcy Martinez, Videographer 
EFTA01138028
--- PAGE 4 ---
651 
INDEX 
Examination 
Page 
VOLUME 5 (Pages 648 - 781) 
Certificate of Oath 
778 
Certificate of Reporter 
779 
Read and Sign Letter to Witness 
780 
Errata Sheet (forwarded upon execution) 
781 
PLAINTIFF EXHIBITS 
No. 
Page 
Transcript from Don Lemon Interview 
689 
EFTA01138029
--- PAGE 5 ---
652 
Thereupon, the proceedings continued at 9:04 a.m. 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Are now on the video 
record. This is the 13th day of January, 2016. 
The time is 9:04 a.m. This is the videotaped 
deposition of Alan Dershowitz in the matter of 
Bradley Edwards and Paul Cassell versus Alan 
Dershowitz. 
My name is Marcy Martinez. I am the 
colleague Meredith Schultz from Boies, Schiller 
& Flexner. 
MR. INDYKE: On behalf of Jeffrey Epstein, 
Darren Indyke. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Ed Pozzuoli as 
the special master. 
videographer representing Above & Beyond 
Reprographics. Will the attorneys please 
announce their appearances for the record. 
MR. EDWARDS: Sure. On behalf of the 
plaintiff today Brad Edwards, Jack Scarola, 
Brittany Henderson and Paul Cassell. 
MR. SIMPSON: On behalf of the defendant 
and the witness, Richard Simpson, and Thomas 
Scott will be joining. He just walked in. 
MS. McCAWLEY: On behalf of nonparty 
, Sigrid McCawley and my 
EFTA01138030
--- PAGE 6 ---
653 
MR. SIMPSON: Is there anyone else on the 
phone? 
MR. MAISEL: Yeah, this is Nicholas 
Maisel. 
THE COURT REPORTER: Would you raise your 
right hand, please? 
Do you swear or affirm that the testimony 
you are about to give will be the truth, the 
whole truth, and nothing but the truth? 
THE WITNESS: I do. 
MR. SCAROLA: Nick, would you announce the 
capacity in which you're appearing, please. 
MR. MAISEL: Special research assistant 
for Alan Dershowitz. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you. 
MR. EDWARDS: Are we ready? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Go ahead. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Mr. Dershowitz, in January of 2015, when 
you made the statements that Paul Cassell and Brad 
Edwards participated in the fabricating of the 
allegations that were made against you, what 
information or evidence did you have in your 
possession at that time to support those statements? 
MR. SIMPSON: Object to the form as overly 
EFTA01138031
--- PAGE 7 ---
654 
general. You may answer. 
A. 
As soon as the allegations were made 
against me, I received a series of phone calls and 
people approached me at various events and they 
warned me about the reputation of Bradley Edwards. 
They told me that he had, in their view, 
participated in a major fraud with a man named 
Rothstein, that he should be in jail for the 
Rothstein events. 
I received a phone call saying that he had 
fabricated evidence when he was a prosecutor and 
that he had knowingly failed to investigate police 
fabrication of evidence in a case. Generally was 
warned about the terrible reputation that 
Mr. Edwards had. 
I also received phone calls telling me 
that Mr. Cassell was a zealot, that he had used me 
in class as a whipping -- as a kind of an object of 
hate and painted me as a liberal supporter of the 
exclusionary rule and opponent of the death penalty, 
and that he had no concern for the truth when it 
came to his zealotry on behalf of alleged victims. 
The calls were just -- the people who told 
me this were just -- there were so many of them that 
it was amazing to me. 
EFTA01138032
--- PAGE 8 ---
655 
And I knew, of course, that I had never 
met -- had no contact with 
I knew 
that she was lying. I read her deposition, and as 
an experienced lawyer with 50 years of experience, 
it was absolutely clear to me that no lay person 
with her lack of education could have written that 
deposition. 
a 
I sought the advice of friends and others 
this was part of an extortion plot in order to 
obtain money. I later learned many, many, many 
facts. 
MR. EDWARDS: I object and move to strike 
as nonresponsive and that the question calls 
2015. I would ask for a ruling on that. 
A. 
I'm providing that, but I'm giving the 
context. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Denied. Move 
with experience who confirmed the view that that 
affidavit clearly had to have been written by 
lawyers and certainly drafted by lawyers; the level 
of detail, the structure of the sentences, all of 
which led me conclusively to the belief that the 
lawyers had written this affidavit. 
I suspected from the very beginning that 
for information in his possession in January of 
EFTA01138033
--- PAGE 9 ---
656 
a 
in this case and that they pretended to be pro bono 
lawyers when they were, in fact, money-grubbing, 
money-hungry lawyers who had earned a very 
substantial amount of money already on these cases 
and were expecting to earn more money. 
Let me think of what other information I 
had. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: At the time of 
the question. 
A. 
At the time of my statements, right. 
forward. 
A. 
Okay. I knew that there was a financial 
motivation here. I also knew that Cassell and 
Edwards had lied when they said they were 
representing 
in a pro bono basis. 
I had been informed repeatedly that they 
were in it for the money and that they expected to 
earn a lot of money from representing her and others 
It's just inconceivable to me that this 
uneducated woman could have come up with this story 
on her own. 
I understood the motives of the lawyers, 
and I was convinced, therefore, it was my opinion 
based on my experience, in fact, that she could not 
have done this by herself and that she had to have 
EFTA01138034
--- PAGE 10 ---
657 
worked in coordination with her lawyers. 
Her lawyers were also at that point 
claiming that the story should be believed because 
of who they were. Mr. Cassell, in my view, 
unethically signed his pleading with the University 
of Utah imprimatur, suggesting that he was a State 
actor, suggesting that he acted on behalf of his 
university, something I would never do and I've 
stopped clients from doing. When I represent 
people, I represent them on my own behalf, not on 
behalf of any university. 
The very fact that the Attorney General of 
Utah was here yesterday indicates that he may very 
well be a State actor and subject to the rules of 
State action rather than individual action. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That portion I 
will strike. That sentence. 
A. 
Sorry. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
I'm not finished. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Is there any 
other information that you haven't touched 
on --
THE WITNESS: I'm trying to --
EFTA01138035
--- PAGE 11 ---
658 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: -- as of, what, 
January? 
MR. EDWARDS: January of 2015. 
THE WITNESS: Oh, yes. 
MR. SCAROLA: January 4. 
MR. EDWARDS: January 4, 2015. 
A. 
Okay, that's the question. But, of 
course, I made a series of statements that continued 
beyond January 4, and they always took into account 
important to this. I did not make a single call to 
a single newspaper or single television station, to 
my knowledge, or a single newspaper. I was 
constantly responding. 
MR. SCAROLA: That's not responsive. 
A. 
Excuse me. In the last deposition --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No, no. 
A. 
-- there was an interruption by 
Mr. Scarola that I want to put on the record. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No, no, no, no, 
new developments and new information that I had. 
I was also aware that Mr. Cassell was 
promoting himself as a former federal judge and 
using his status and imprimatur in a false effort to 
try to add credibility to the story. 
And I did not make -- this is very 
EFTA01138036
--- PAGE 12 ---
659 
no, no, no. No. Respond to the question that 
was answered and go ahead because I haven't 
heard any objection yet. 
MR. EDWARDS: I'm objecting to all of this 
as being nonresponsive to the question. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Is there 
anything else that you would like to add to the 
answer? 
THE WITNESS: Yes. 
A. 
When the newspapers called me, they all 
asked me the following question --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Was this in 
January? 
A. 
This was in January. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
The question on the table is --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. 
A. 
I'm going to tell you. 
MR. EDWARDS: What information that 
Mr. Dershowitz had in January 4, 2015, when he 
made the statement that Paul Cassell and Brad 
Edwards fabricated the allegations against him. 
MR. SIMPSON: The question was about in 
January of 2015. 
EFTA01138037
--- PAGE 13 ---
660 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That's what it 
was. That was the original question, which is 
why he was afforded a tremendous amount of 
latitude. 
MR. EDWARDS: Understood. 
A. 
And I got continuing information all 
through January and amended my statements as 
consistent with the information that I got. 
The newspapers called me. They all said 
to me, why would anybody make a false allegation if 
he's a former Federal judge, if he's a professor, if 
he's a distinguished trial lawyer? 
Clearly the -- on the 4th of December, 
talking about that day, that's the day on which 
Mr. Cassell wrote to ABC 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
January. 
A. 
January 4, 2015, that's the date on which 
Mr. Cassell wrote to ABC News asking them to 
publicize his client's story and to -- and again 
making it clear to ABC who he was and what he -- and 
who he had been and what offices he had held. 
And so it was clear to me at that point, 
and through January it became clearer and clearer 
that she could not have done this on her own, that 
EFTA01138038
--- PAGE 14 ---
661 
she had to have sat with her lawyers and concocted 
this story, added the kind of detail to the story 
that would make a lie seem plausible and credible. 
And I think that any reasonable lawyer reading that 
affidavit would have come to exactly the same 
conclusion that I came to. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Okay. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Mr. Dershowitz, when you first made the 
statement on January 4, 2015 that Mr. Cassell and 
Brad Edwards had participated in the fabrication of 
these allegations, did you have before you any 
affidavit or, as you have repeatedly called it, 
deposition of 
MR. SIMPSON: Object to the form. It's 
referring to a specific statement that has not 
been identified for the witness. 
A. 
Affidavit of 
What I had 
was the lawyers' statements that were included in 
the Complaint, which they then sought to publicize 
all around the world and got more than a thousand 
newspapers to cover the story, every television 
station in the world, every radio station virtually 
in the world, based on what they themselves had 
written, actually gives me even a greater basis, 
EFTA01138039
--- PAGE 15 ---
662 
because it wasn't at that point based on her 
affidavit, it was based on what the lawyers had 
said. 
MR. EDWARDS: I object. Can I have the 
question read back. I'm lost as to what the 
question is anymore. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Ask -- reread 
the question. 
COURT REPORTER: "Mr. Dershowitz, when you 
first made the statement on January 4, 2015 
that Mr. Cassell and Brad Edwards had 
participated in the fabrication of these 
allegations, did you have before you any 
affidavit or, as you have repeatedly called it, 
deposition of 
." 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: So that's the 
question. Answer that question only. 
MR. SCAROLA: Move to strike everything 
else he's said. 
A. 
On January 4th, to my memory, I did not 
refer to a deposition or to whatever other word you 
used -- what was the word? 
MR. SIMPSON: Affidavit. 
EFTA01138040
--- PAGE 16 ---
663 
MR. EDWARDS: Affidavit. 
A. 
-- if I hadn't seen it at that point. I 
don't remember the exact day when her affidavit came 
in. I referred obviously to the pleadings. That 
was the allegation, the allegation in the pleadings. 
So if I said that you and Cassell sat and 
helped her make it up, it was based on -- at that 
point in time, based on you and her, primarily you 
and Cassell, because she didn't submit -- it wasn't 
an affidavit at that point. 
It was your words, you, that were accusing 
me of these heinous crimes without any basis. So I 
surely had a basis on January 4th of attributing it 
to you because it was your signature on the 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hold on a 
second. So I understand, the question is what 
did you have on January 4th --
MR. EDWARDS: -- 2015 to support that 
statement. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Just answer that 
question first and then you can explain, but --
A. 
With due respect, Your Honor, I think the 
question was, did you have the affidavit in front of 
you. 
EFTA01138041
--- PAGE 17 ---
664 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Right. Okay. Did you have the affidavit 
or deposition of 
on that day? 
A. 
To my recollection, I did not. I had only 
your characterization of the accusation which you 
were making against me. 
Q. 
And in your experience as an attorney, 
isn't it common knowledge that attorneys drafting 
complaints or pleadings take the word of the client 
to form the basis of that Complaint or pleading? 
A. 
No, it's not common knowledge. It's 
common knowledge that unethical lawyers of the kind 
that your reputation told me you were help the 
clients 
MR. EDWARDS: I object. Move to strike as 
nonresponsive. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That, I am going 
to strike. Try -- try to answer the question. 
A. 
But I think the generic answer is ethical 
lawyers -- let me put it this way, ethical lawyers 
should not elaborate on what a client tells them in 
an affidavit. 
In my experience, there's a continuum. 
Many, many lawyers, when they see a statement by a 
client, they'll say, no, no, no, no, could you 
EFTA01138042
--- PAGE 18 ---
665 
please elaborate on that. You say you had sex with 
him. Was it one time? Was it two times? Could it 
have been six times? Could it have been on the 
airplane? Could it have been -- et cetera. 
So I think it's a continuum of the way 
lawyers work with clients. The most ethical lawyers 
don't change what a client says. They word for word 
repeat what the client says. 
The most unethical lawyers will put all of 
their own thoughts, words, ideas if it strengthens 
their position and strengthens their case. 
From what I had been -- from the 
information I knew at that time, I put you on the 
extreme unethical end of the continuum. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That wasn't the 
question, so 1 will strike the last sentence. 
We need to get focused on answering the 
question, so please try to do that. 
A. 
Okay, I will do that. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
When you first made the statements that 
Paul Cassell and Brad Edwards fabricated the 
allegations --
A. 
Would you read me the statement that you 
say I made on January 4th so I can understand what 
EFTA01138043
--- PAGE 19 ---
666 
you're saying? 
Q. 
Do you deny making the statement that Brad 
Edwards and Paul Cassell fabricated the allegations 
against you? 
A. 
I remember making a series of statements 
over time. I do not remember what I said on 
January 4th. In order to ask me what I had at the 
time I made the statement, I need to know with 
precision the exact statement you are referring to 
and the exact date. I think that's a fair request. 
Q. 
We'll get that for you. It would be 
easier had you made less statements, but we'll sift 
through them. 
A. 
If would be easier if you had called 
MR. SIMPSON: There's no question. Object 
to the sidebar comments. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Yes, let's --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
What are the names -- please list for me 
all of the names of the people who told you that --
in quotes -- Brad Edwards was -- participated in a 
major fraud with Rothstein. Names of people. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection based upon 
attorney-client, work product, common interest. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Well, okay. 
EFTA01138044
--- PAGE 20 ---
667 
MR. INDYKE: Instruct Alan not to answer 
to the extent it would disclose communications 
of who made those --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Objection noted. 
You can answer it. 
A. 
What framework are you giving me in terms 
of time? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: In January. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You told me that before you made these 
statements, one of the things that you had in your 
possession was a series of phone calls, "a bunch of 
people called me" --
A. 
That is right. That's true. 
Q. 
-- "and told me Brad Edwards participated 
in major fraud with Rothstein." That's the first 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
What are the names? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Stop, stop, 
question I want answered. What are the names of 
those people? 
A. 
A number of them who called me were ones 
who volunteered --
MR. SCAROLA: That's not a response to the 
question. 
EFTA01138045
--- PAGE 21 ---
668 
please, please, please. 
A. 
I'm invoking the privilege, if you would 
allow me, please. A number of those who called me 
called me in tandem to volunteer to be my lawyer. 
I'll give you an example. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No, no, hang on. 
A. 
I can't name this person because he called 
to give me legal advice, and I -- he gave me that 
information as part of his legal advice. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I'm not asking if one of the lawyers who 
represented you and you have an attorney-client 
privilege with has shared with you some information 
that they believe to be the case. 
I'm asking if you are using as support for 
your statement that certain people told you and you 
relied upon this -- and the particular "this" at 
this point is that Brad Edward participated in a 
major fraud with Scott Rothstein -- I want to know 
the names of those people that you are relying upon 
to test veracity of that statement, please. Names 
of people. 
A. 
One of the names was of a person who I was 
seeking legal representation from, and it was part 
of my conversation with him regarding legal 
EFTA01138046
--- PAGE 22 ---
669 
representation. 
MR. SCAROLA: That's not a name. 
MR. EDWARDS: I'm sorry, I object and I 
ask --
A. 
If I give you the name 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I do think you 
have to give the name. 
A. 
Okay. The name of that person would be 
David Markus. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
And he told me to check the docket --
MR. SIMPSON: Just the question. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
When did David Markus call you to tell you 
that he knew or believed that Brad Edwards 
participated in a major fraud with Rothstein? 
A. 
Within days. Within probably a day or 
two. 
Q. 
Did he tell you what it was that formed 
the basis for that statement that he made to you 
that you so relied upon? 
A. 
I don't recall. 
Q. 
Was it more than the fact that your 
client, Jeffrey Epstein, had filed a lawsuit making 
EFTA01138047
--- PAGE 23 ---
670 
those allegations? 
A. 
I don't think he was aware that Jeffrey 
Epstein had made an allegation of that kind. 
Q. 
At the time when David Markus called you 
to tell you that Brad Edwards participated in a 
major fraud with Rothstein, did you already --
A. 
That's not 
Q. 
-- have or know that Scott Rothstein had 
testified under oath about that specific subject 
matter? 
A. 
Well, I can't imagine that you're relying 
on Scott Rothstein's credibility. 
Q. 
I'm asking, did you know? 
MR. SIMPSON: Just answer the question. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Yes or no? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Did you know? 
A. 
I did not know. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you know at that point in time that 
the Complaint that was filed by your client, Jeffrey 
Epstein, against Brad Edwards, making those exact 
allegations, had been dismissed at the stage -- at 
the point in time when David Markus was making these 
statements to you that you so relied upon? 
EFTA01138048
--- PAGE 24 ---
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: He's --
MR. EDWARDS: Calls for a yes or no 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: He's only asked 
if you aware that the case was dismissed at 
that time. 
A. 
I don't think I was. But a case being 
dismissed does not mean the allegation isn't true. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I understand, 
but --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. In addition to David Markus, can 
you please complete this list of people that you 
testified called you to tell you specifically that 
Brad Edwards participated in a major fraud with 
Rothstein? 
A. 
So, I spoke several times during that 
period of time at various events. And people --
lawyers came over to me and told me --
Q. 
I'm not asking where. Who? What are the 
names? 
A. 
I can tell you one of them --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: He's trying to 
be -- I would allow him to answer it. He's 
EFTA01138049
--- PAGE 25 ---
672 
trying to be responsive to the question. 
Please proceed. 
A. 
One of them was a former president or 
chairman or at least member of the Florida Bar 
committee who warned me about you. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Does he have a name? 
A. 
I don't remember his name. I don't 
remember his name, no. Of course he has a name, but 
I don't remember his name. 
Another was -- I mean -- just hard to 
pinpoint names, but it was something that was 
clearly in my mind that so many people were telling 
me -- telling me to look into the case of Rothstein, 
telling me that you were his protege. 
Q. 
Okay. Is it true, then, that you have the 
name of one person who you can identify told you 
that Brad Edwards participated in a major fraud with 
Rothstein? 
A. 
I was also aware, of course, of the 
Complaint that had been filed against you. And that 
was one -- I mean, I can't comment on that because 
of lawyer-client privilege. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Listen to the 
question, Professor. Go ahead. 
EFTA01138050
--- PAGE 26 ---
673 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is it now your testimony that you can only 
provide me with one name of one human being that 
called you and told you Brad Edwards participated in 
a major fraud with Rothstein? 
A. 
I will try to think of others. 
Probably -- I may have some notes of others. I will 
call around and find out whether my memory is 
correct or not. 
MR. SIMPSON: Professor --
A. 
But I don't want to mention names without 
being sure. 
MR. SIMPSON: Just do you recall, as you 
sit here, the names? 
A. 
And right now, I don't recall names, other 
than a general discussion with my lawyers. And in 
the general discussion with my lawyers -- and I 
don't want to get into it --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Then don't do 
it. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Are you relying upon the statements from 
your lawyers to support this allegation that the 
basis of your statement that Brad Edwards 
participated in the fabrication of the allegations 
EFTA01138051
--- PAGE 27 ---
6/4 
against you was a list of people told you 
Brad Edwards participated in a major fraud with 
Rothstein; and, if so, I want to know the names of 
those lawyers that you are using to support that 
allegation? 
MR. SIMPSON: Well, we have asserted 
privilege as to communications with those who 
represented you. Please don't disclose that. 
MR. SCAROLA: Respectfully -- pardon me --
the witness is the possessor of that privilege. 
He cannot make a statement disclosing the 
content of the communications that he is 
relying on and then he himself assert a 
privilege to refuse to provide further 
information with regard to the statement that 
he has made. We would request a ruling on the 
record as to whether there has already been a 
waiver. 
A. 
What I said, of course, was that 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Excuse me. Hang 
on a second. 
MR. SCAROLA: We're requesting a ruling on 
the record as to whether there has been a 
waiver as a consequence of what has already 
been stated. 
EFTA01138052
--- PAGE 28 ---
675 
MR. SIMPSON: He did not testify that 
he -- we went through long questions and 
answers in response to Mr. Edwards' questions. 
He did not say he was relying on what his 
lawyers told him in this case. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I think that 
there is -- let me say this: I think the 
question was from Mr. Edwards whether he relied 
on statements from his lawyers. I do think 
that you have to answer that question. 
A. 
I would say that the statements from my 
lawyers played a small role. The larger role 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I want to know about that small role. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. So now proceed. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Sure. I would like to know whose 
statements it was that played a small role in your 
belief that Brad Edwards fabricated cases based on 
the statements that they made to you that 
Brad Edwards participated in a major fraud with 
Rothstein. What are the name of those individuals? 
A. 
It's a complicated question here. So 
there are three issues that I understand. One, what 
EFTA01138053
--- PAGE 29 ---
676 
was the basis for my belief that you had fabricated 
along with Mr. Cassell --
Q. 
No, I'm asking for names of human beings. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No, let me stop 
you. My understanding of your testimony was 
that whatever you received -- whatever 
information you received from your lawyers 
played a small role. That's what you testified 
to. 
THE WITNESS: That's right. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Correctly, 
Mr. Edwards then followed up on that question 
and said, let's go into that small role. 
THE WITNESS: Okay. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: So now . . . 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
What are the names of those people that 
gave you this information that played a small role 
in --
A. 
In what? 
Q. 
in your belief that Brad Edwards had 
participated in a major fraud with Rothstein which 
somehow furthered your belief that Brad Edwards and 
Paul Cassell fabricated the allegations against you? 
So I'm asking for names of the people. 
EFTA01138054
--- PAGE 30 ---
677 
A. 
So my best recollection, and it's now over 
a year, is that that was a subject of conversation 
with David Markus. It was also the subject of 
conversation with --
MS. McCAWLEY: I'm sorry, I didn't hear 
that. If he's talking about conversations 
MR. EDWARDS: He said Davis Markus. 
MS. McCAWLEY: I'm sorry. I couldn't 
hear. 
A. 
Another lawyer -- other people sent me 
newspaper clippings. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No, no, no. 
A. 
Lawyer. Okay. The other lawyer who told 
me about that was a lawyer named David Efron. 
MR. SCAROLA: First of all, make sure the 
list is complete, and then you want to know 
every one. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is that it? David Markus, David Efron? 
A. 
Those are the two I remember offhand. 
Plus, as I said, when I spoke 
I spoke 
at several events in January --
Q. 
Right now --
A. 
-- and lawyers came -- people 
lawyers --
EFTA01138055
--- PAGE 31 ---
678 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let me stop you. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Let me get to the next question. 
A. 
Yes. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let me ask the 
witness, the question is limited to --
MR. EDWARDS: Yes, the lawyers who played 
a small role. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: The small role 
around the lawyers, and I think the followup 
question was, you've mentioned a second lawyer, 
is there anybody else on that list? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Yes. 
A. 
Two lawyers, yes. The lawyers who came 
over to me at the events that I spoke at. 
Q. 
What are their names? 
A. 
I don't know. 
Q. 
How do you know that they're lawyers? 
A. 
Because it was a lawyers' event. And they 
were trial lawyers. This was all trial lawyers at 
the event. Florida trial lawyers. 
Q. 
You don't have the names of any of them; 
is that right? 
A. 
I can describe one of them as somebody who 
EFTA01138056
--- PAGE 32 ---
679 
came over to me and told me -- he may have given me 
a card, which I conceivably may have at home, told 
me that he was a former official of the Florida Bar 
and was outraged at what had happened and told me to 
please look into your background and then told me 
about your background. 
Q. 
Dade Markus, is he a former student of 
yours? 
A. 
Yes, yes. 
Q. 
Did he have anything to do with the 
investigation into the -- Scott Rothstein or any of 
that? 
A. 
I don't know. 
Q. 
David Efron, did he have any inside 
personal information into who was or who was not 
culpable in any aspect of the fraud with Scott 
Rothstein? 
A. 
I don't know. 
MR. SCAROLA: You want to know exactly 
what they said. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Before we go to the next statement that 
apparently formed your basis for believing that 
Brad Edwards and Paul Cassell fabricated the 
allegations against you, can you tell me exactly 
EFTA01138057
--- PAGE 33 ---
680 
word for word as you remember it what David Markus 
and then what David Efron told you --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let's start with 
the first one. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
-- what David Markus told you about the 
participation of Brad Edwards in a fraud with 
Rothstein? 
MR. SIMPSON: We assert privilege to the 
extent that it's someone who he was getting 
legal advice from. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'm going to 
allow the question. You can answer over 
objection. 
A. 
All I can tell you is what the total 
information I had at that point. I can't now, as I 
sit here, separate out what Markus said, what Efron 
said, what the lawyers who I met at the events said. 
I can give you a totality of what the conclusion was 
that was reached. Each of them contributed 
something. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Where were you when you received this 
communication from David Markus about his 
understanding or belief that Brad Edwards 
EFTA01138058
--- PAGE 34 ---
681 
participated in a major fraud with Rothstein? 
A. 
In my apartment, I suspect. 
Q. 
Do you remember this? 
A. 
I remember being in my apartment when the 
story broke and getting call after call after call 
from lawyers. 
Q. 
Was this a telephone call with David 
Markus --
A. 
Probably. 
Q. 
-- or an in-person meeting? 
A. 
It was -- well, I had both. I had both 
with him. I had a telephone call and then we had a 
meeting. 
Q. 
And in this, did he describe to you what 
support he had for this statement that he was making 
to you regarding the involvement of Brad Edwards in 
a major fraud with Rothstein? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection, work product on 
this whole line of questioning. He has the 
name. If we're going to go beyond this, we 
need a judicial ruling from the judge and you. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Well, I'm going 
to allow the witness to answer it at this point 
and overrule the objection without prejudice. 
A. 
What is the question again? 
EFTA01138059
--- PAGE 35 ---
682 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Well 
the question. 
COURT REPORTER: "And in this, 
describe to you what support he had 
statement that he was making to you 
the involvement of Brad Edwards in 
fraud with Rothstein?" 
A. 
I'm sure he told me some 
, go back to 
did he 
for this 
regarding 
a major 
information 
involving his state of knowledge, but I can't 
separate out now what different people told me. All 
I remember is the totality of the conclusion that I 
reached based on what they told me. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
remember? 
What specifically did he tell you, if you 
MR. SCOTT: Same objection standing. I 
just wanted to make sure we have a standing 
objection. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'll give you a 
standing objection. I understand that piece. 
If you don't remember, you don't remember 
you can't describe it, rather than 
through again the generalities, so 
answer his specific question. 
A. 
Sure. Okay. The answer is I 
going 
try to 
or if 
do remember 
EFTA01138060
--- PAGE 36 ---
683 
the generalities, but I don't remember the 
particulars of that. I would be happy to try to 
refresh my recollection. 
MR. SCAROLA: We're going to take a short 
break. 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going off the record. The 
time is 9:38 a.m. 
(Recess was held from 9:38 a.m. until 9:45 a.m.) 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going back on the record. 
The time is 9:45 a.m. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did David Markus say Brad Edwards 
participated in a major fraud with Rothstein? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection, work product and 
privileged. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'll overrule 
the objection. 
MR. SCOTT: I have a question. Are we 
taking the position that he has to answer the 
question now and pending an appeal to the 
judge? Is that what we're doing? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Or -- I will 
reserve your right --
MR. SCOTT: Because you reserved on all 
their stuff yesterday. 
EFTA01138061
--- PAGE 37 ---
684 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I will reserve 
on that, but I want him to answer the question 
at this point. I believe that at this point, 
given the inquiry and given the witness's 
answers previously, that they've opened the 
door, at least to this extent. But I will 
reserve, but I want him to answer. 
A. 
I will. I do not recall precisely what 
David Markus or David Efron said. I do recall that 
they -- to the best of my recollection, that they 
both contributed to my general sense of what your 
reputation was. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I want to only stick with David Markus and 
then we'll move on to David Efron. 
A. 
Okay. 
Q. 
All right. Did David Markus say anything 
along the lines of, close to, Brad Edwards 
participated in a major fraud with Rothstein? 
MR. SCOTT: Same objection. 
A. 
My best recollection is that he said 
something along those lines. He certainly said 
something that led me to that conclusion. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did he tell you to look into a court file 
EFTA01138062
--- PAGE 38 ---
685 
or did he tell you Brad Edwards participated in a 
major fraud with Rothstein? 
MR. SIMPSON: We have a continuing 
objection on this, and also object to the form 
of that one. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Yeah, well, the 
form I'm not going to rule on, but the form is 
awkward, at best. 
MR. SIMPSON: We just want in the record 
we have a continuing objection. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I've heard two statements. One is that 
David Markus said to look into a court file. And 
the other I understood you to say is, David Markus 
told me Brad Edwards participated in a major fraud 
with Rothstein, which is what gave the support for 
the statement that I ultimately made about 
Brad Edwards participating in the fabrication of 
these allegations. 
So I'm trying to understand, did David 
Markus tell you that Brad Edwards participated in a 
major fraud with Rothstein? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: You have a 
continuing objection, but you can answer. 
EFTA01138063
--- PAGE 39 ---
686 
A. 
To the best of my recollection, it's more 
than a year ago now, he told me facts that led me to 
conclude that you had participated in a major fraud. 
He told me, for example, that what 
Brad Edwards -- that what Rothstein was selling were 
fake Edwards cases made up by people who didn't 
exist. 
He told me -- I think it was he who told 
me, but I can't be sure, that you were a protege, 
that you had offices that were very close to each 
other, that the fraud was very similar to what was 
being alleged against me. That's, again, my best 
recollection of a conversation that occurred over a 
year ago. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did he tell you where he gathered that 
information that you just described to us? 
A. 
He did not. I think he -- no, he did not 
tell me precisely where he got it from, no. 
Q. 
Did he share with you his own conclusion 
that Brad Edwards participated in a major fraud with 
Rothstein? 
A. 
I don't recall that. That's not the 
nature of the way a conversation happens. I wasn't 
cross examining him. He was calling me to offer his 
EFTA01138064
--- PAGE 40 ---
687 
assistance and to tell me how outrageous he thought 
this was. And in the course of the conversation, he 
mentioned to me that I should be very careful about 
you, that you had this reputation, and then he told 
me some things about your reputation that helped 
form my general impression about who you were and 
what you would do. 
Q. 
With respect to the reputation of 
Brad Edwards, did he tell you anything beyond 
describing what he understood to be as facts related 
to the Scott Rothstein fraud? 
A. 
I think he -- others also told me that 
Q. 
I'm only talking about David Markus. 
A. 
Well, I can't separate out completely what 
David Markus told me and what others told me. I 
formed the holistic impression based on what a large 
number of people told me. That's the best I can do. 
Q. 
When was your first communication with 
David Markus? 
A. 
Oh, probably the day of the allegation or 
maybe the day after. But very, very soon 
thereafter. 
Q. 
Do you have journal entries indicating the 
telephone call that you had with David Markus? 
A. 
I don't journals entries of that kind, no. 
EFTA01138065
--- PAGE 41 ---
688 
Q. 
Do you have phone records that would serve 
as evidence of the telephone call between yourself 
and David Markus? 
A. 
I suspect -- he called me, I remember that 
for sure. He called me. 
Q. 
Do you have telephone records that support 
his call to you? 
A. 
I don't know if the telephone records show 
who called you. If they do, probably we do. 
Q. 
On the days that you claim that you met 
with David Markus, do you have journal entries or 
any other diary notation that would -- that would 
serve as evidence of such a meeting? 
A. 
I'll check. I remember where we met. I 
don't remember exactly when. And if I paid for it, 
I may have paid for it by credit card. I'll check. 
I'll be happy to do that. 
Q. 
Did you meet with David Markus before or 
after appearing on the Don Lemon show on January 5, 
2015? 
A. 
I think I met with him before. I think I 
met with him before. I certainly communicated with 
him before. 
Q. 
Was it before your appearance on the Don 
Lemon show when David Markus provided you with 
EFTA01138066
--- PAGE 42 ---
689 
information that led you to conclude that 
Brad Edwards participated in a major fraud with 
Rothstein? 
A. 
I never said that publicly, of course, on 
Lemon or any of the other shows. So, you're asking 
me a compound question. Was it before I came to 
that conclusion that then contributed to my belief 
that you had worked -- that you had created false 
testimony? It did. 
MR. EDWARDS: What number exhibit are we 
up to? 
COURT REPORTER: Twenty-five. 
MR. EDWARDS: Twenty-five, okay. I'll go 
ahead and mark this transcript from the Don 
Lemon interview as 25. 
(Thereupon, marked as Plaintiff 
Exhibit 25.) 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I'm going to show you the interview and 
particularly the bracketed paragraph. 
A. 
Sure. 
Q. 
Do you see the section that we bracketed 
there? 
A. 
Yeah. Yeah, let me just --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'm going to 
EFTA01138067
--- PAGE 43 ---
690 
look over your shoulder. 
THE WITNESS: Sure. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is that a statement that you made on 
January 5, 2015? 
A. 
Let me read into the record what I said. 
Q. 
I'm asking right now is that a statement 
that you made? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Which statement? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
The statement that is bracketed. 
MR. SIMPSON: Can I object? The record 
doesn't reflect what that is, so the answer 
will be misleading. You can't ask about a 
statement that no one knows what it is. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You can read the statement into the 
record, but right now I'm just asking is that -- is 
that an accurate transcript of your statement that 
you're holding in your hand? 
MR. SIMPSON: Object to the form. 
A. 
Let me respond to that. Yesterday you 
read transcripts, and it turned out you left out 
absolutely critical exculpatory --
MR. EDWARDS: Objection, nonresponsive, 
EFTA01138068
--- PAGE 44 ---
691 
move to strike. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on. Motion 
to strike is granted. But here's the issue. 
Let him identify the document first and lay the 
predicate down and then go back into the 
document. I don't want to tell you how to do 
the deposition, but it makes it cleaner. 
So, Brad, please have him identify the 
document first and see what he knows about the 
document and then move forward. 
MR. SIMPSON: I think it's the portion of 
it you're asking about, that's what we're 
trying to identify. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Sure. Well, the first question has 
nothing do with the document. It is, did you appear 
on the Don Lemon show January 5, 2015? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That's an easy 
question. 
A. 
Yes, yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. In that interview -- can you 
identify the transcript that you're holding in your 
hand as a transcript of that interview? 
A. 
It seems like it is, yes. 
EFTA01138069
--- PAGE 45 ---
692 
Q. 
Okay. And does it seem to accurately have 
transcribed, to the best of your memory, that 
interview that you had with Don Lemon? 
MR. SIMPSON: Object to the form. 
A. 
Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Can you read for us the portions that are 
bracketed? 
A. 
No, because they're out of context. I 
refuse to do that. That's what happened yesterday, 
and you totally read it out of context. I will read 
it for you in context. 
I will read the question that was asked me 
and I will read the entire answer, but I won't read 
your selected excerpts which mislead everybody in 
this transcript. No, I won't do that. 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
Because that would be a lie, and I'm under 
oath. So I'll be happy to read the entire thing. 
MR. SCOTT: Seems like a fair request. 
MR. EDWARDS: If we're going to read 
entire transcripts, not just the defamatory 
remarks, we're going to be here all day. 
A. 
We have time. The truth takes time and in 
full context. 
EFTA01138070
--- PAGE 46 ---
693 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Okay. 
MR. SIMPSON: Wait for a question, please. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I believe it's 
fair for the question starting -- the question 
that starts right above the bracketed where 
MR. EDWARDS: Okay. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That standpoint 
would provide some level of context. 
A. 
"Don Lemon: So, why are you being 
targeted? As you mentioned the lawyers, why would 
Mr. Lemon asks, "So why are you being targeted? 
As you mentioned the lawyers, why would someone 
target you, Alan Dershowitz, with these very 
serious allegations?" And then from there 
down, you don't need to read the whole thing, 
but I think you'll get your point across that 
way. 
someone target you, Alan Dershowitz, with these very 
serious allegations?" 
My response: "Well, I fit beautifully 
into the profile because they want to be able to 
challenge the plea agreement, and I was one of the 
lawyers who organized the plea agreement. I got the 
very good deal for Jeffrey Epstein. I plead guilty 
to getting him a good deal. That's my job. And if 
EFTA01138071
--- PAGE 47 ---
694 
they can find a lawyer who helped draft the 
agreement who was also a criminal having sex, wow, 
that could help them blow up the agreement. So they 
sat down together, the three of them, these two 
sleazy, unprofessional, disbarrable lawyers, Paul 
Cassell, a former federal judge and current 
professor, and another sleazy lawyer from Florida, 
Brad Edwards, whose partner is in jail for 50 years 
to trying to sell Epstein cases fraudulently, they 
sat down together and they said, who would fit into 
this description, a lawyer who knows Epstein who 
helped draft, ha, Dershowitz. So they and the woman 
got together and contrived and made this up." 
That is a truthful statement, and I stand 
by it. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Okay. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
In January -- on January 5, 2015, when you 
made the statement that Brad Edwards and Paul 
Cassell sat down with the woman together and 
contrived and made this up, had you already spoken 
with David Efron? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Okay. What is the date when you spoke to 
David Efron? 
EFTA01138072
--- PAGE 48 ---
695 
A. 
I think he called me the day of the event, 
the day the story was in the newspapers. 
Q. 
Would you have calendar entries or 
telephone records to support the date of that call? 
A. 
I don't know about telephone records. I 
don't have a calendar entry. 
Q. 
Did you meet with David Efron in person or 
only by telephone? 
A. 
I did. I met with him in person. 
Q. 
And what did -- or did David Efron say 
Brad Edwards participated in a major fraud with 
Scott Rothstein? 
A. 
Again, I can only say that he gave me 
facts and statements that led me to that conclusion, 
which I stated in the interview, namely that 
Rothstein had sold Epstein cases, and that Edwards 
was his partner, and that his reputation was not 
good in the community. 
Q. 
Did David Efron provide you with the 
support for his alleged conclusion that 
Brad Edwards' reputation is not good? 
MR. SIMPSON: Object to the form. Do we 
have the continuing objection, sir? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Yes, continuing 
objection. 
EFTA01138073
--- PAGE 49 ---
696 
MR. SIMPSON: Thank you. 
A. 
I think he -- I think he either brought me 
or told me about some newspaper articles, which I 
then read and formed my own conclusion. And he 
also --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Which newspaper articles did David Efron 
provide you? 
A. 
I don't remember. But I -- at that point 
in time, I was not reading the local newspapers, and 
apparently there was some large coverage of the 
Rothstein matter. 
I didn't really know about the Rothstein 
matter much at all. But when my accusation 
occurred, I got lots and lots of calls from people 
telling me about the Rothstein matter and giving me 
all kinds of information about it. 
Q. 
Wasn't it within the context of what 
you're now describing the Rothstein matter that Jack 
Scarola attempted to depose you in 2011? 
A. 
I don't recall whether that was the 
Rothstein matter. But I wasn't following it. 
Q. 
When you communicated with Mr. Scarola 
about whether or not you could be subject or would 
be subject to deposition, are you saying that you 
EFTA01138074
--- PAGE 50 ---
69"/ 
had no idea which case -- that the case in which you 
were being asked for deposition? 
A. 
I wasn't following that case. I was only 
interested in the fact that I was being asked to be 
deposed on, A, lawyer-client privileged information 
or, B, facts that weren't true; namely an allegation 
that I had observed young women in the presence of 
Jeffrey Epstein. I didn't focus on the nature of 
the case at all. 
Q. 
So did David Efron provide you with 
newspaper articles about the Rothstein matter or did 
he say Brad Edwards participated in a major fraud 
with Rothstein? 
MR. SIMPSON: Object to the form and --
object to the form. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'm not ruling 
on the -- those are -- those are reserved for 
later. But I mean -- you should try to ask one 
question and give him one question at a time 
and break that up. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did David Efron do anything more than 
provide you with newspaper articles on the Rothstein 
matter? 
A. 
Yes. 
EFTA01138075
--- PAGE 51 ---
698 
Q. 
Okay. What specifically did he do in 
addition to providing you with -- do or say in 
addition to providing you with newspaper articles 
about the Rothstein matter? 
A. 
To the best of my recollection, this is a 
year-old conversation, he told me that you were all 
tied up in the Rothstein matter, that this was --
involved your whole firm, that you were a protege of 
his, and that the firm was selling Epstein cases and 
defrauding lots and lots of people. That's the 
general thrust of what he told me. 
Q. 
Just so I'm clear, did he -- are you 
saying he shared with you his conclusion that 
Brad Edwards was involved in the Rothstein fraud? 
MR. SIMPSON: Object to the form. 
A. 
I wouldn't use the term "conclusion." 
That's not the way conversations occur. He gave me 
facts from which I drew my own conclusion. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is there anyone else whose name you can 
provide us today in addition to David Markus and 
David Efron that provided you information from which 
you concluded that Brad Edwards participated in a 
major fraud with Rothstein? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
EFTA01138076
--- PAGE 52 ---
instruction. 
A. 
Yeah, I mean, obviously --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Short of that. 
A. 
-- I'm not the talking about material, 
much of which I got from lawyer-client privileged 
information. But I can't talk about that. 
So I will talk about another person called 
me, I don't remember the date, who had sued you, 
because he said you had --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Wait. We haven't left the Rothstein 
matter yet we're going to move to that --
A. 
He told me about the Rothstein matter. 
Q. 
Oh, really? Okay. 
A. 
Yeah. So he called me and he said, be 
very careful about this sleazy guy Rothstein [sic], 
he was sleazy when he represented me, he helped fake 
evidence, he helped doctor a tape, he was sued, it 
was dismissed on prosecutorial privilege, but not on 
the merits. And he was also involved in the 
Rothstein, and he just gave me also general 
information about the Rothstein matter, which many, 
many people gave me. That -- you are burdened with 
that as part of your reputation, for better or 
worse. 
EFTA01138077
--- PAGE 53 ---
700 
Q. 
I just want the names of the people who 
gave it to you. That's all I'm asking. 
A. 
I don't remember his name, but you would 
know his name, the man who sued you. 
Q. 
Okay. What facts specifically were you 
given or were given to you by David Markus or David 
Efron or anyone else regarding Brad Edwards 
participating in a major fraud with Rothstein? 
A. 
I would like to answer that question. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let me stop for 
a second. You can answer it, but I think we've 
plowed this ground some. So go ahead. 
A. 
Let me answer it. I was told that you 
were his protege, that you were Rothstein's protege. 
That the two of you were essentially joined at the 
hip, or were inseparable. That you had offices near 
each other. That Rothstein didn't do anything 
without conferring with you. That you were "the 
brains of the operation," he was the rainmaker, you 
were the brains of the operation. 
I was told that the case for which he went 
to jail for 50-something years involved Epstein. 
That you had kind of jointly worked on Epstein 
EFTA01138078
--- PAGE 54 ---
701 
matters. That I was -- let me see what else. 
That's the thrust of it. That was the thrust of it. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Who told you that Scott Rothstein and 
Brad Edwards were "joined at the hip"? 
A. 
I heard that probably from more than one 
person. 
Q. 
Then give me more than one person's name. 
That's fine. 
A. 
I don't remember specifically who told me 
that, but that certainly came out of my 
conversations with the various lawyers, that you 
were very close. 
Q. 
Were you aware of my deposition being 
taken in Mr. Scarola's office on the subject matter 
of the Jeffrey Epstein suit against me and my 
countersuit that related to the Rothstein matter 
you're referring to? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Well, short of 
that objection, I didn't -- I didn't understand 
the question. 
MR. EDWARDS: I'm --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: If you 
EFTA01138079
--- PAGE 55 ---
702 
understood it, you can answer. But I didn't 
understand the question. 
MR. SIMPSON: Object to the form. Nor did 
I. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
So you testified that you were not really 
aware of the Rothstein matter; is that right? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
And my question is, when my deposition was 
taken in that matter, were you aware of the fact 
that my deposition was taken? 
A. 
I think so. I think I was, yes. 
Q. 
And how were you aware of the fact that my 
deposition was taken? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And were you aware of the testimony that I 
provided at that deposition? 
A. 
Not the details of it, certainly. 
Q. 
Weren't you sitting at the table as I 
testified for my deposition? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
You weren't? 
A. 
I was sitting at the table when you 
EFTA01138080
--- PAGE 56 ---
703 
testified in your deposition? 
Q. 
No, I'm asking you. 
A. 
I certainly have absolutely no memory of 
that. Where would that have been? When would it 
have been? 
Q. 
Just answer, were you sitting at the 
table? 
a 
A. 
I have no memory of that whatsoever. 
Q. 
Okay. Okay. Who told you that --
A. 
But if I was 
Q. 
Scott Rothstein --
A. 
I would like to see the transcript. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on a 
second. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Who told you that Scott Rothstein didn't 
A. 
That would require going into privilege. 
MR. SCAROLA: We would like a ruling on 
whether there has been a waiver with respect to 
do anything without conferring with Brad Edwards? 
A. 
I heard that routinely from a number of 
people, that you were his brains. 
Q. 
Can you please provide the names of those 
number of people that told you that Scott Rothstein 
did not do anything without me? 
EFTA01138081
--- PAGE 57 ---
704 
that privilege as a consequence of having 
disclosed the content of this information. 
MR. INDYKE: If Mr. Dershowitz is 
referring to Mr. Epstein, then I would object 
to --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Did you get 
that? 
COURT REPORTER: No. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Can you repeat 
the -- I want to make sure that we get the 
record clear. 
Go ahead and repeat your objection on the 
phone, Darren. 
MR. INDYKE: If Mr. Dershowitz, by 
referring to privilege, is referring to 
anything that he may have learned through his 
representation of Mr. Epstein or through a 
common interest agreement with Mr. Epstein, 
then I would object to disclosure of the 
contents. 
MR. SCOTT: We also object on work product 
because this is whole new area now, and I don't 
think there's been any waiver. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Well, I'm going 
reserve, consistent with yesterday's rulings, 
EFTA01138082
--- PAGE 58 ---
705 
that we will protect the privilege for now and 
we'll reserve for a later fuller discussion on 
this. So we'll mark this and we'll move 
forward. 
MR. EDWARDS: Okay. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
At the time when you were told that Scott 
Rothstein did not do anything without conferring 
with Brad Edwards, were you representing Jeffrey 
Epstein? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
What were the circumstances of your 
learning that information that Scott Rothstein did 
not do anything without conferring with 
Brad Edwards? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: If you can 
answer outside the privilege. 
A. 
There's nothing outside of the privilege. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: So I would say 
the following: I'm going to, for now, grant 
the objection, consistent with yesterday, and I 
think we need to either -- whether it's in 
front of me or in front of Judge Lynch, fully 
EFTA01138083
--- PAGE 59 ---
706 
explore the timing of what -- the timing of 
when -- the timetable you're inquiring relative 
to his representation and the scope of that 
representation to best determine whether there 
was a privilege and if it exists. So for 
now --
MR. INDYKE: I'm sorry, Your Honor, just 
for the record, as well as any kind of common 
interest agreement as well. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Fine. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
The last statement that you testified you 
were told was that Brad Edwards was the brains 
behind the Scott Rothstein operation. 
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
Who outside of the privilege that you have 
with Jeffrey Epstein told you that information? 
A. 
Well, outside the privilege and outside of 
common interest privilege and joint defense 
privilege. 
Q. 
Outside of the privileges 
A. 
All those three privileges. 
Q. 
Yes. 
A. 
I don't have any distinct -- I can't 
separate out necessarily the sources of everything I 
EFTA01138084
--- PAGE 60 ---
707 
was told. But I was told that by a number of 
people --
Q. 
Did --
A. 
-- using different phrases. 
Q. 
Can you provide me the name of the number 
of people that are outside of any of the common 
interest or attorney-client privilege that told you 
Brad Edwards was the brains behind the Scott 
Rothstein operation? 
A. 
I can't give you a name of somebody who 
said those precise words outside the privilege. 
Q. 
Can you give me the name of somebody who 
said words similar to that effect outside the 
privilege? 
A. 
As I sit here now, I cannot. But I will 
try to refresh my recollection. 
Q. 
Okay. You also testified that you spoke 
with somebody that told you Brad Edwards fabricated 
evidence as a prosecutor. 
A. 
That's right. That's right. 
Q. 
What is the name of that person that told 
you that information? 
A. 
You know that. I don't. As I'm sitting 
here today, I have no memory. But we can get that 
for you. You, of course, know the name. 
EFTA01138085
--- PAGE 61 ---
708 
Q. 
Why do you say that I know the name? 
A. 
Because he sued you. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: This is not 
Mr. Dershowitz, answer the question that's been 
asked and let's not have crosstalk. 
A. 
I do not know the name. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
At our next break, can you get us the name 
of this individual? 
A. 
I will try. I will try. 
Q. 
When did you have a conversation with this 
individual that told that you Brad Edwards 
fabricated evidence as a prosecutor? 
A. 
Shortly after the allegations in my case, 
he called me. 
Q. 
Did you meet with this person? 
A. 
I did not. But -- I did not. 
Q. 
Did you attempt to ascertain the 
truthfulness --
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
-- of this --
MR. SCOTT: Listen to the question. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Listen to the 
question. 
EFTA01138086
--- PAGE 62 ---
709 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
-- of this individual's statements that 
Brad Edwards fabricated evidence as a prosecutor? 
A. 
I did. 
Q. 
What did you do to 
A. 
I --
Q. 
What did you do to ascertain the 
truthfulness of this gentleman's statements that 
Brad Edwards fabricated evidence as a prosecutor? 
A. 
I obtained all of the pleadings that I 
could in the case, including the tampered videotape. 
I obtained the expert analysis of the videotape. I 
think I personally viewed the videotape. It was a 
jail videotape. 
And I came to my own independent 
conclusion that the videotape had been tampered 
with, that the defendant had been denied his due 
process rights, and that he would have prevailed in 
that lawsuit but for prosecutorial immunity. 
MR. SCAROLA: Could we inquire as to 
whether these materials that Mr. Dershowitz 
contends he relied upon have been disclosed in 
discovery in this case in response to 
production requests that clearly would have 
called for that production? 
EFTA01138087
--- PAGE 63 ---
710 
MR. SIMPSON: I don't -- I will answer 
that question at a break. I'm not agreeing 
whether it's called for or not called, but I 
don't have a microscopic memory of everything 
that's been produced in the case. But 
certainly if it was called for and it was 
responsive, it was either produced or is on a 
privilege log. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let's deal with 
that at break between you guys. Go ahead. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q 
Is the person you are referring to Donald 
Baker? 
A 
I don't have his name in my mind, but I 
can find that out. 
Q. 
Is this the lawsuit where the person sued 
Michael Satz, Judge Micheal Gates, the entire 
Hollywood Police Department, and in that list of 
defendants included the prosecutors of the case, 
which was Brad Edwards and some other prosecutor I 
don't remember the name? 
A. 
That's not my recollection. 
Q. 
Is your recollection that this is a 
lawsuit that was filed against Brad Edwards alone? 
A. 
My focus was on the lawsuit filed against 
EFTA01138088
--- PAGE 64 ---
711 
Brad Edwards. I don't -- I didn't focus on any 
other people who might have been sued. But I did 
focus on Brad Edwards and I did get the pleadings, 
and last year early in the year I read them. I 
my research assistant went through all the 
pleadings. Either he or I or both of us viewed the 
videotape together. He wrote me some note about it. 
And I came to the conclusion that the lawsuit was a 
very valid one. 
Q. 
Was that note that you just described a 
part of that conclusion that you reached? 
A. 
No, the note was probably just, here is 
the video, here is this, here is that. It was 
just -- my recollection of the note, it was just an 
inventory of some kind. 
Q. 
Did you read the jury trial transcript 
from the criminal case you're referring to? 
A. 
Well, the civil case had no jury, had no 
trial. It was dismissed. The criminal case, I 
don't remember if I read the jury trial or if my 
research assistant did or -- I just don't remember 
that. I do remember reading the pleadings, which 
included excerpts from the trial. 
Q. 
Did you read any of the transcripts from 
the testimony regarding that defendant's motion for 
EFTA01138089
--- PAGE 65 ---
712 
ineffective assistance of counsel? 
A. 
No, not that I can recall. 
Q. 
Did you read any of the transcripts from 
the hearing on that defendant's complaints about 
misconduct on behalf of the City of Hollywood Police 
Department or any others? 
A. 
I did -- I do remember reading about the 
fact that the actual physical tampering was done by 
the Hollywood Police Department. But the 
allegation, to my best of my memory, it's been a 
long time now, was that you covered it up or played 
a role in it. 
Q. 
Did you review the criminal record of this 
individual that provided you with the information 
that Brad Edwards fabricated evidence as a 
prosecutor? 
A. 
I don't remember reviewing his criminal 
record. I do recall that the crime itself -- no, I 
just -- I don't remember reviewing his criminal 
record. I may very well have, but I don't remember 
it now. 
Q. 
When you say you do remember reviewing the 
crime itself, the crime was a battery on a law 
enforcement officer. Is that what you remember? 
A. 
My recollection is that in the course of 
EFTA01138090
--- PAGE 66 ---
73.3 
being arrested, he was accused of resisting arrest. 
That's my best recollection. I may have that wrong. 
And that he complained that they cut off -- that he 
was assaulted and he was only defending himself, and 
that they cut off the video at the point that would 
show the complete context. That's my best 
recollection. And it's, again, a long time ago. 
Q. 
Did you or your representative initiate 
the contact with this individual who --
A. 
No. 
Q. 
-- claimed that Brad Edwards fabricated 
evidence as a prosecutor? 
A. 
No, no. To my knowledge and my 
recollection, he initiated the contact. 
Q. 
Is this -- did this individual's criminal 
record include a first-degree murder conviction? 
A. 
Certainly I was not aware of that, if it 
did. 
Q. 
Did -- in your review of this record --
A. 
I would find that hard to believe. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Listen. 
A. 
He was out on the street when he called 
me. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you remember whether or not this 
EFTA01138091
--- PAGE 67 ---
714 
defendant was sentenced to prison after his 
conviction? 
A. 
I'm confused. Is the conviction you're 
referring to after the events at issue? 
Q. 
The conviction of battery on a law 
enforcement officer, the case I prosecuted. 
A. 
Did that take place before or after his 
alleged conviction on a murder charge? 
Q. 
Well after. 
A. 
So, what you're asking me, if I knew about 
a prior earlier first-degree murder conviction? 
Q. 
Sure. My first question is, did you know 
about a prior earlier first-degree murder conviction 
of this person whose word you're accepting that 
Brad Edwards fabricated evidence as a prosecutor? 
Did you know about that? 
A. 
I was not accepting his word. I'm aware 
of how to be skeptical about words. I did an 
independent evaluation of the evidence, then came to 
my conclusion. 
Q. 
Were you aware of this gentleman's prior 
murder conviction? 
A. 
I'm not aware of it as I sit here now, no. 
I don't think I was. 
Q. 
Are you aware as you sit here now whether 
EFTA01138092
--- PAGE 68 ---
715 
this gentleman was sentenced to prison after the 
jury verdict finding him guilty of battery on a law 
enforcement officer? 
A. 
My recollection is that he was offered a 
plea if he would withdraw his lawsuit, and that he 
refused to withdraw his lawsuit. I think that was 
part of his Complaint, that he was coerced, that 
there was an effort to try to coerce him into 
pleading guilty. But, again, these were all matters 
of record, and it's a year ago, so my recollection 
is not as clear. 
Q. 
What documents do you have to support that 
this gentleman was offered a plea in exchange for 
him agreeing to withdraw a lawsuit? 
A. 
That was my memory. 
Q. 
In order for that to be the case, wouldn't 
you agree that his lawsuit must have preceded his 
jury trial in order for your logic to be correct? 
A. 
Of course not. Of course not, no. Why 
would that be? A lawsuit almost certainly -- he may 
have threatened a lawsuit previously and it was part 
of a -- my understanding, again, it's long time ago, 
was that there was -- there were plea bargaining 
efforts after he was convicted and that there 
were -- this is just my memory of a long time ago --
EFTA01138093
--- PAGE 69 ---
716 
that the -- that they would give him a consideration 
in sentencing if he didn't go through with his 
threat to bring a lawsuit. That was my 
recollection. 
Q. 
In addition to talking to this particular 
individual who told you that Brad Edwards fabricated 
evidence as a prosecutor --
A. 
Right, or participated in the fabrication. 
Q. 
representative of his or his attorneys that 
corroborated that allegation? 
A. 
Representative of his? 
Q. 
Anybody other than --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That's the 
question, yes. 
A. 
Not to my recollection, no. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you -- has anyone other than this 
particular person you have identified told you that 
-- did you speak to anyone else that was a 
Brad Edwards fabricated evidence as a prosecutor? 
A. 
That's a conclusion -- first of all, I 
never, as far as I remember, never publicly stated 
that. I've told you that that was part of what went 
into my conclusion about your reputation and record 
and background. 
EFTA01138094
--- PAGE 70 ---
717 
But the question again? 
Q. 
Right. A person's name. Tell me what 
other -- what other individual, if anyone, has ever 
told you Brad Edwards fabricated evidence as a 
prosecutor. 
A. 
I did not rely on his statement to me of 
that. I did my own research, came to my own 
conclusion about the facts based on my review of 
the 
MR. EDWARDS: Object. Move to strike as 
Nonresponsive. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Stay focused on 
the question being asked. 
A. 
No other name -- no other person told me 
that. I did it on the basis of my own research. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Can you tell me the names of all of the 
individuals that told you Brad Edwards has a 
terrible reputation? 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same objection. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Outside of the attorney-client privilege, 
the joint defense privilege and any other privileges 
that you maintain with Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine 
Maxwell or anyone else a part of that agreement. 
EFTA01138095
--- PAGE 71 ---
718 
MR. SIMPSON: Object to the form as 
becoming very redundant. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: You can answer. 
A. 
Several people who came to me at these Bar 
meetings told me that, and I just heard it from 
many, many people who called me. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. I'm --
A. 
But I'm having difficulty coming up with a 
specific name. I will check to see if I have any 
notes. 
Q. 
I just want the list of those many, many 
people in response to this question that told you 
Brad Edwards has a terrible reputation. 
A. 
Okay. And I, right now, cannot name any 
person other than the information that I have 
already provided you. 
Q. 
Did you ever attempt to contact 
Brad Edwards or any representative of Brad Edwards 
to talk to him about any allegation of misconduct on 
his part before you relied on these allegations you 
received? 
A. 
This will require -- I can't do this yes 
or no. I can only do this with an explanation. 
MR. SCAROLA: Could we start with a yes or 
EFTA01138096
--- PAGE 72 ---
719 
no to a question that clearly can be answered 
with a "yes" or "no" or "I don't remember"? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Before anybody 
objects to his answer, let's see what he says. 
Go ahead, and then we'll work backwards. 
A. 
What's the question again? Just repeat 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Sure. Did you attempt to contact 
Brad Edwards or any representative of Brad Edwards 
to talk to him about any allegation of misconduct on 
his part before you relied on those allegations from 
these individuals you have identified? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: So, I've heard 
the question. I do think that it's either yes 
or no, and I'm going to allow you full latitude 
to explain. So please proceed in that manner. 
A. 
It's no with an explanation. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Go ahead. 
A. 
Because I was not making these allegations 
public, as you made your allegations against me 
public without calling me, because I was not making 
these allegations public, because I was only using 
them as part of my own internal work product, my own 
internal dynamic, my own thinking process, I didn't 
think it was necessary for me to call you and ask 
EFTA01138097
--- PAGE 73 ---
720 
you about it. And so I did not. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you attempt to contact Brad Edwards or 
any agent of Brad Edwards to talk to him before 
making the allegation that "Brad Edwards and Paul 
Cassell and 
sat down together, the 
three of them, these two sleazy, unprofessional, 
disbarrable lawyers, they and the woman got together 
and contrived and made this up"? 
A. 
Well --
Q. 
Yes or no? 
A. 
The answer to that is with Brad Edwards, 
no. With Cassell, it would be a different answer if 
you want to ask me about that. 
Q. 
All right. Okay. Prior to January 5, 
2015, making the statement that they, Brad Edwards 
and Paul Cassell, and the woman got together and 
contrived and made this up, did you contact Paul 
Cassell? 
A. 
I tried to reach out to Paul Cassell 
through a number of mutual acquaintances, and was 
told that he had no interest in having any 
conversation with me. 
Q. 
Tell me the date that you first reached 
out to Paul Cassell through anyone. 
EFTA01138098
--- PAGE 74 ---
721 
months and months and months to reach out and do all 
the checking. 
I was in an emergency situation. I was 
getting calls, probably a hundred a day, from every 
media in the world asking me to respond immediately. 
And I had to respond at that point based on the best 
information I had available to me. I could not hire 
an investigator. I could not conduct a massive 
research operation. I was being accused of the most 
heinous crime imaginable, absolutely falsely, and I 
A. 
I don't recall the date. 
Q. 
Is it your testimony that the date you 
tried to reach out to Paul Cassell preceded 
January 5, 2015, when you made the statement that 
Brad Edwards and Paul Cassell and this woman got 
together and contrived and made this up? 
A. 
That will require a "no" answer and an 
explanation. Okay. The explanation is that before 
you made your false allegation against me, you had 
had to respond immediately. 
And my response was based on my state of 
knowledge, my opinion, my professional opinion, and 
I gave those at the time because I had to give a 
response immediately. I couldn't say "no comment." 
I couldn't say, "I refuse to answer." Others have 
EFTA01138099
--- PAGE 75 ---
722 
done that. I was totally, totally innocent. And I 
had to respond immediately to these false charges, 
which is what I did. 
I need to take a break. 
MR. SCOTT: Take recess for a couple of 
minutes. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let's take a 
ten-minute break. Lawyers, can you stay for 
just a second. I want to deal with a secondary 
matter dealing with a deposition on Saturday. 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going off the record. The 
time is 10:32 a.m. 
(Discussion held off video record only as follows:) 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: We are off the 
video, but I wanted to have this on the record. 
I've reviewed the confidentiality order that's 
pending that was issued by Judge Lynch, and I 
just want to be clear as we head into the 
deposition on Saturday as to get the party's 
view as to who should be in attendance at that 
deposition. So, Ms. McCawley, why don't you 
start. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Sure. Sure. The 
deposition is a confidential deposition that is 
going to be held under seal. It will be filed 
EFTA01138100
--- PAGE 76 ---
723 
under seal. And our position is that the 
individuals who need to be present at that 
deposition are the parties in this case, so the 
actual -- Brad and Paul, their lawyers, and 
Mr. Dershowitz and his lawyers. 
No other individuals; for example, 
Mr. Dershowitz's wife or anybody else can be 
present at that deposition. It's a deposition 
of who we contend is a sex abuse victim. It 
should be closed and sealed, and nobody else 
should be present. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Do you not want 
me there? 
MS. McCAWLEY: I do want you there. 
Sorry. 
MR. SIMPSON: Our position is that 
Professor Dershowitz's wife should be permitted 
to attend. They're married. She'll agree to 
whatever confidentiality. She's worked with 
him on the case as a paralegal. She's entitled 
to be there. 
We have advised -- and I don't know if 
Darren is still on the line -- counsel for 
Mr. Epstein that it's confidential and that 
non-parties are not permitted to attend, per 
EFTA01138101
--- PAGE 77 ---
724 
Ms. McCawley's position that it's between those 
folks if they disagree about that. But as to 
Mrs. Cohen, we're adamant she has a right to be 
there and there's no legitimate basis for 
excluding her. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. Anything else? 
MR. SCOTT: No. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Mr. Scarola, 
Mr. Edwards, do you have an opinion on this? 
MR. SCAROLA: No. 
MR. EDWARDS: Our opinion is consistent 
with the opinion of Sigrid McCawley or the 
argument of Sigrid McCawley. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Darren, go 
ahead. 
MR. INDYKE: I would like to give this to 
Florida counsel because this is the first I'm 
hearing of it. But I would say that at the 
very least, there's some confidentiality 
obligations that are applicable to Ms. Roberts 
in connection with the settlement agreement 
that was signed. And that Mr. Epstein should 
have counsel there present to protect any 
disclosures --
EFTA01138102
--- PAGE 78 ---
725 
MR. SCAROLA: We have a very strong 
opinion on that. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Right. And I just want to 
be clear, Mr. Epstein's counsel has not 
appeared in this case. I argued this issue 
before the judge, and I have a confidentiality 
order from Judge Lynch signed based on my 
motion to quash. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I've rereviewed 
both your motions and the order. 
Darren, anything else? 
MR. INDYKE: No, that's as far as I 
understand right now. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Mr. Scarola, you 
wanted to say something? You were 
you had 
some strong opinion I wanted to hear. 
MR. SCAROLA: The purpose of the 
confidentiality motion was to exclude 
Mr. Epstein from the deposition, among other 
purposes. But we did not want to be in a 
position where 
was 
obliged to give her testimony in front of any 
of her abusers, but most specifically not in 
front of the individual accused of having 
maintained her as a sex slave for an extended 
EFTA01138103
--- PAGE 79 ---
726 
period of time. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: So, I've 
reviewed both the motion that was filed as well 
as the order. While the order lacks any real 
specificity, my view of the order is as 
follows: That the deposition on Saturday, 
obviously the named parties and their 
representatives can attend. The witness and 
their counsel can attend. The court reporter 
and myself. And that will be it. 
If there is any further clarification from 
Judge Lynch, I'm happy to consider it. But as 
of right now, those are the only parties and 
people that will be allowed to attend the 
deposition. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Thank you. 
MR. SCOTT: You are excluding Ms. Cohen? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'm excluding 
Ms. Cohen and excluding Mr. Epstein's 
attorneys. 
MR. INDYKE: I just want to note my 
objection, but I will take that up with Florida 
counsel. 
(Recess was held from 10:37 a.m. until 10:50 a.m.) 
MS. McCAWLEY: Just for something for the 
EFTA01138104
--- PAGE 80 ---
727 
record, I mentioned to Rick yesterday I have to 
leave here at 3:45 this afternoon, so he made 
representations that there wouldn't be any 
testimony with respect to Boies Schiller 
Flexner or those allegations that have 
repetitively come up in the deposition outside 
of counsel's presence. But I do have to leave 
because I have to catch a plane, so I won't be 
here this afternoon, and they've agreed to 
that. 
MR. SIMPSON: She's correct about the 
agreement. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: What we might 
do, then, is break at that point if we're going 
to have to come back anyway. 
MR. EDWARDS: What time is that? 
MS. McCAWLEY: 3:45. 
THE WITNESS: If we could finish in a 
couple of hours, I'd like to do that, if that's 
possible. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: It's not my 
deposition. 
MR. EDWARDS: At this stage and at this 
pace, I don't see how that's possible. That 
was my goal, but I don't see it happening. 
EFTA01138105
--- PAGE 81 ---
728 
We'll see where we are. 
THE WITNESS: I hope we get to this 
letter. I spent all night reading it last 
night at your request. 
MR. EDWARDS: I think we'll at least make 
a dent. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let's go back on 
and plow forward. 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Okay. We're going back on 
the record. The time is 10:50 a.m. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
So, in addition to the statements that 
or the information that you had in your possession 
at the time that you made the public statement on 
January 5, 2015, regarding Brad Edwards, you also 
indicated initially that you had certain information 
in your possession with respect to Paul Cassell as 
well, correct? 
A. 
That's right, yes. 
Q. 
One of the things I wrote down is that you 
were told that Paul Cassell is a zealot. 
A. 
Right. 
Q. 
When were you told Paul Cassell is a 
zealot? 
A. 
Immediately. 
EFTA01138106
--- PAGE 82 ---
729 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
Shortly there -- shortly after the 
allegations were made. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And who told you that Paul Cassell is a 
zealot? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
MR. SIMPSON: Outside the privilege 
A. 
Numerous people. That was a common term 
used to describe him. I can tell you the people I 
spoke to, but, again, I can't identify who precisely 
would have used that term. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You previously said that numerous 
people --
A. 
They did. 
Q. 
-- told you that Paul Cassell is a zealot, 
and that assisted in providing the basis for your 
statement that you made publicly about Paul Cassell. 
I'm only asking for you to identify by 
name the individuals that specifically told you Paul 
Cassell is a zealot. I just want a list of names. 
MR. SIMPSON: Objection, asked and 
EFTA01138107
--- PAGE 83 ---
730 
answered. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: In a 
nonprivileged context. 
MR. SCAROLA: So that the record is clear, 
other conversation, this has not been touched 
on or waived. 
MR. INDYKE: My position is that 
Mr. Epstein waived no such privilege. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Okay. So with 
that said, please provide an answer outside of 
the context of the privilege, which will be 
reserved for a later argument. 
A. 
Right now all I can think of is the number 
of people who gave me information about Paul 
Cassell, but I cannot with specificity indicate who 
the question does not limit itself to a 
nonprivileged context because our position is 
the privilege has been waived. We understand 
that we may only get a limited response, but 
the question does not include the limitation. 
MR. SCOTT: And this is -- our position is 
that this is the entire area, and that even if 
you accept, which we don't, that he waived the 
EFTA01138108
--- PAGE 84 ---
731 
led me to the conclusion that he was a zealot. 
I also read a great deal of his material. 
MR. EDWARDS: I move to strike as 
nonresponsive to this question. 
A. 
Okay. I'll give you some descriptions. 
Q. 
I want the names of individuals. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Listen. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
The names of individuals who told you that 
Paul Cassell is a zealot. 
A. 
I can't remember names, but I can give you 
some descriptions, if you want. 
Q. 
No, I want names of people. 
A. 
Okay. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. He's now answered the question. So --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
At this stage, you cannot provide me the 
names of any individuals that told you Paul Cassell 
is a zealot; is that correct? 
A. 
I can give you descriptions, which would 
lead you to be able to probably find out the names. 
Q. 
Descriptions of people? 
A. 
Description of people, yeah. 
Q. 
Okay. Not descriptions of the statements; 
EFTA01138109
--- PAGE 85 ---
732 
descriptions of the people? 
A. 
No, description of people. 
Q. 
Okay. I'll take right now descriptions of 
the people who told you that Paul Cassell is a 
zealot. 
A. 
I got a number of calls from people who 
were in litigation with Paul Cassell. He purports 
to be an expert on false confessions. Apparently 
he's not. 
MR. EDWARDS: Object and move to strike as 
nonresponsive. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I would agree 
and grant that Motion to Strike. Provide the 
descriptions of the names pursuant to the 
question. 
A. 
Okay. So a number of people who were 
involved in litigation concerning his alleged 
expertise as a witness on false confessions 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
-- called me. 
Q. 
Category number one, then, is people 
involved in litigation currently with Paul Cassell 
on false confession cases? 
A. 
That's right, yes. 
EFTA01138110
--- PAGE 86 ---
733 
Q. 
And are these people that you are 
describing lawyers or litigants? 
A. 
Lawyers, lawyers. But not in a privilege. 
that 
the 
Paul Cassell? 
A. 
To my best recollection, two. 
Q. 
Do these two lawyers work at the same law 
firm? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Do these two -- are these two lawyers, to 
the best of your understanding, working on separate 
false confession cases against Paul Cassell? 
A. 
I think so, but I'm not absolutely 
certain. 
Q. 
Do you know where it is that these two 
lawyers that you're describing practice? 
A. 
My best recollection, this is just a 
recollection, one of them is in the midwest, maybe 
Chicago. And another I think in the mid south, I'm 
not positive, maybe Atlanta. But those are --
Q. 
Do you remember which party these lawyers 
you're describing represent? 
A. 
Yes. The party opposed to Paul Cassell, 
party that were challenging his expertise. 
Q. 
How many different lawyers are you 
describing that are currently in litigation with 
EFTA01138111
--- PAGE 87 ---
734 
again, I can probably find these names, but I don't 
have them off the top of my head. 
Q. 
Have you provided these names or these 
descriptions in response to any requests for 
production in this case? 
A. 
I don't provide that. My lawyers do. But 
I don't think anybody has ever -- these are not 
MR. SIMPSON: Answer the question. 
A. 
I don't know the answer to that. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is there anything more that you can 
provide me in the way of description of the 
individuals that told you that Paul Cassell is a 
zealot? 
A. 
No, but what I can do is give you names of 
people who called me and discussed with me Paul 
Cassell. 
Q. 
We'll get there. Different category. Did 
these other people that called you, did they also 
tell you Paul Cassell is a zealot? 
A. 
Well, I can only tell you again, as I said 
previously, on the basis of all the conversations I 
had with about Paul Cassell, I came to the 
conclusion, as some people had told me, that the 
people who told me that he was a zealot were 
EFTA01138112
--- PAGE 88 ---
735 
correct. And I also did my own investigation. 
MR. SCAROLA: Did those include privileged 
and nonprivileged communications? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did those communications that led you to 
the conclusion that Paul Cassell is a zealot include 
both privileged and nonprivileged communications? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
And with respect to the privileged 
communications, are you claiming that the 
communication that Paul Cassell is a zealot came 
from people with whom you share an attorney-client 
privilege because they're your attorneys or with 
whom you share a joint defense attorney-client 
privilege because they are attorneys or 
representatives of Jeffrey Epstein? 
MR. SCOTT: Wait a minute. I'm objecting 
to that on work product and we're going to 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Go ahead, 
Darren, get your 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same objection, 
same instruction on a number of grounds, 
including attorney-client privilege as well as 
common interest. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Read the 
EFTA01138113
--- PAGE 89 ---
736 
question back. 
COURT REPORTER: "And with respect to the 
privileged communications, are you claiming 
that the communication that Paul Cassell is a 
zealot came from people with whom you share an 
attorney-client privilege because they're your 
attorneys or with whom you share a joint 
defense attorney-client privilege because they 
are attorneys or 
Epstein?" 
MR. INDYKE: In doing so, you're not 
identifying the people but you're also 
identifying the contents of the disclosure. 
MR. SCAROLA: No, we're identifying the 
nature of the privilege being asserted. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: The nature of 
the privilege -- hang on a second. 
representatives 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: 
to identify the nature of the 
of Jeffrey 
only 
I'm sorry. 
They're trying 
privilege being 
asserted. And I do think that if the witness 
does know the answer as opposed to a legal 
discussion, whoever's going to assert it, I 
think they're entitled to an answer on that. 
MR. SCOTT: Without any type of waiver 
EFTA01138114
--- PAGE 90 ---
737 
position. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Without a 
waiver, but they're entitled -- because I don't 
think that waives -- I think it's the nature of 
what's being asserted. 
A. 
So without waiving --
MR. SCOTT: Well, wait a minute. So let's 
ask the question again so we have it again. 
A. 
I know the question. 
MR. SCOTT: I don't. I'm not as smart as 
you are. 
THE WITNESS: I'm sorry. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let's go ahead 
and reread the question back so we get it 
precisely because that's how I ruled. 
COURT REPORTER: "And with respect to the 
privileged communications, are you claiming 
that the communication that Paul Cassell is a 
zealot came from people with whom you share an 
attorney-client privilege because they're your 
attorneys or with whom you share a joint 
defense attorney-client privilege because they 
are attorneys or representatives of Jeffrey 
Epstein?" 
MR. SCOTT: Answer that very concisely. 
EFTA01138115
--- PAGE 91 ---
738 
A. 
Both. 
MR. INDYKE: I'm sorry, if there is 
discussion going on, I can't hear any of the 
discussion. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No, there's 
we've been quiet. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
With respect to the communications with 
these individuals where you are the client, can you 
provide me with the names of those individuals? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection, work product. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Yeah, so I'm 
going to grant the objection and allow them to 
assert the privilege at this point pending 
further review. 
MR. SCAROLA: I want to -- excuse me. 
Before we proceed, I want to get a 
clarification. This privilege that's being 
asserted is a work product privilege, correct? 
MR. SCOTT: And attorney-client privilege. 
MR. SCAROLA: Okay. Well, you said only 
work product. 
MR. SCOTT: Okay. I apologize. If I use 
one, I'm referring to both consistent with --
MR. SCAROLA: I wanted to be sure that the 
EFTA01138116
--- PAGE 92 ---
739 
record is clear as to which privilege is being 
asserted. 
MR. SCOTT: Jack, I totally agree with 
you. Thank you. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. So based upon the correction, the 
privilege being asserted is both work product 
and attorney-client. 
MR. SCOTT: Both. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: And so the same 
ruling for now on the reservation. 
MR. SCOTT: And, Mr. Special Master, I'm 
objecting on both grounds consistent with what 
we discussed yesterday. I apologize. And 
thank you, Mr. Scarola. 
MR. SCAROLA: No apologies necessary. I 
just wanted the record to be clear. 
MR. SCOTT: I appreciate it. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Well, I would 
accept your apology. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Mr. Dershowitz, are you willing to waive 
the attorney-client privilege to provide us the 
names of the individuals with whom you share a 
privilege that told you that Paul Cassell --
EFTA01138117
--- PAGE 93 ---
740 
MR. SCOTT: Don't answer the question. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
-- is a zealot, a fact that you relied 
upon before making your public statement? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection. Work product. Do 
not answer that. He has a right to consult 
with counsel, and we haven't spoken. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
My only question is, are you willing to 
waive. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. 
MR. INDYKE: Are we talking about only as 
to where Mr. Dershowitz is the client? 
MR. EDWARDS: Yes. 
MR. INDYKE: Okay. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: So, now repeat 
your question so it's clear. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Sure. Are you, Alan Dershowitz, willing 
to waive the attorney-client privilege to provide us 
the names of the individuals that told you Paul 
Cassell is a zealot? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection. Work product, 
EFTA01138118
--- PAGE 94 ---
741 
attorney-client privilege, and I'm instructing 
him not to answer that question. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Okay. And where 
he is the client? 
MR. EDWARDS: Where he is the client. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: You're 
instructing him not to answer? 
MR. SCOTT: Not to answer. I will discuss 
it with him, and after a break, we can come 
back to that question. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I believe the 
witness has the right to consult with counsel 
before answering that question. So we'll 
proceed on that grounds. 
MR. EDWARDS: Okay. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Other than the two lawyers that you have 
described that told you that Paul Cassell is a 
zealot, and any attorneys with whom you share a 
privilege, can you identify or describe any others 
that you have not yet told us about that told you 
Paul Cassell is a zealot? 
A. 
It's a common term that has been given to 
me by numerous lawyers, but I can't right now give 
you any more specificity. Sometimes it's "zealot," 
EFTA01138119
--- PAGE 95 ---
742 
sometimes the term is "true believer," sometimes the 
term is an "extremist." But I've heard many terms 
along those lines that would lead to a consistent 
conclusion. 
Q. 
When did you receive these communications 
from these various individuals that Paul Cassell is 
a zealot? 
A. 
From the beginning up through recently. 
Q. 
Is it your testimony that you received 
that information prior to January 5, 2015? 
A. 
Yes, yes. 
Q. 
Okay. And what was the form of that 
communication, written or verbal? 
A. 
I don't remember. Well, I have to check. 
I don't remember anything in writing. I think it's 
all been -- I think it's all been verbal on the 
phone and in person. 
Q. 
Have you met in person with the two 
individuals that you described? 
A. 
No, no. 
Q. 
So when you are speaking about in-person 
communication of the statement that Paul Cassell is 
a zealot, you're talking about communications that 
are privileged communications? 
A. 
I didn't understand the question. I'm 
EFTA01138120
--- PAGE 96 ---
743 
sorry. 
Q. 
Okay. The communications that Paul 
Cassell is a zealot --
A. 
Right. 
Q. 
-- outside of the two individuals with 
whom you do not share privilege that you've 
described 
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
-- are the remaining individuals that told 
you that information and people that you have met 
with in person, are those people all people with 
whom you share a privilege? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Okay. What people have you met with in 
person with whom you do not share a privilege that 
have told you Paul Cassell is a zealot? 
A. 
I told you I spoke with numerous people. 
I can't now specify a particular name with the word 
"zealot." I can give you names of people I spoke to 
who gave me information about Cassell. 
MR. SCOTT: If they're not privileged. 
A. 
They're not privileged. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That was his 
question. 
EFTA01138121
--- PAGE 97 ---
744 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Please provide me the names of the 
individuals you spoke to that provided you 
information about Paul Cassell. 
A. 
I received a phone call from Senator Orrin 
Hatch from whom -- for whom he worked. I received 
phone call from a lawyer now -- a lawyer who he had 
a litigation against somewhere in Arizona or 
somewhere in the southwest whose name I don't right 
now have on hand. 
Another name that's popping into my mind, 
but it's privileged. I had a conversation with the 
former President of Ecuador, who had been a student 
in one of my classes and was a colleague of 
Mr. Cassell. We spoke -- I think I may have called 
him or he may have called me, I don't remember 
exactly. 
Q. 
This is the President of Ecuador? 
A. 
The former President of Ecuador. 
Mr. Cassell knows who he is. And -- I can try to 
think of other names of people who called me. I 
will check and see if I have any information 
further. 
Q. 
If you think of them while we're talking, 
then let me know. 
EFTA01138122
--- PAGE 98 ---
745 
A. 
Sure. 
Q. 
What did the lawyer in Arizona tell you 
about Paul Cassell? 
A. 
That he was a zealot and that he was a 
pain in the ass. That was 
I remember that was 
his exact words. 
Q. 
Is this somebody in addition to the other 
two lawyers that you described? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
So now we are up to three lawyers that 
were in litigation with Paul Cassell that told you 
that Paul Cassell is a zealot? 
A. 
At least three, yes. 
Q. 
Three that you've been able to describe? 
A. 
Yeah. 
Q. 
But as you sit here right now, unable to 
name today? 
A. 
I can't, no. 
Q. 
Including this lawyer in Arizona? 
A. 
Yeah. I don't remember if it was Arizona 
or New Mexico or Utah. It was a southwest case that 
was a long, long -- apparently a lengthy litigation. 
Q. 
Did this lawyer in Arizona telling that 
you Paul Cassell is a, quote, pain in the ass, 
unquote, contribute --
EFTA01138123
--- PAGE 99 ---
746 
A. 
No, no, not that statement. I mean, many 
lawyers could be described that way. That would not 
contribute to that. I myself have been described 
that way. 
Q. 
Okay. So is there anything about the 
communications that you had with this lawyer in 
Arizona that in any way contributed --
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Let me just finish the statement so that 
we have a clean record. 
-- contributed to your confidence in 
making the public statement in January 5, 2015, that 
Paul Cassell contrived or assisted in making up the 
allegations? 
A. 
First let me be very clear that that was 
an expression of an opinion. 
Q. 
What was? Be clearer. 
A. 
"So they sat down together, the three of 
them, these clearly disbarrable, unprofessional 
lawyers," when you read it in context, it's clear I 
wasn't saying I was there, I wasn't saying I was saw 
it. I was giving a scenario. They profiled me, 
they did this, so they sat down together and they 
made up this story. 
So it was an expression --
EFTA01138124
--- PAGE 100 ---
747 
constitutionally protected expression of opinion, 
and it was based on the totality of circumstances 
that I had available to me at the time. That 
included reputations of the two people who had made 
up the story. It included the statements themselves 
and how they were written and framed. Included the 
fact that there was no affidavit, that it was 
written, in fact, by the two lawyers. 
So of course the lawyers played a role. 
It was their own words that were being circulated to 
millions -- hundreds of millions of people around 
the world. 
Q. 
But you were -- you were saying and you 
said and you conveyed something more than Paul 
Cassell and Brad Edwards simply listened to their 
client and put it on paper, you were saying 
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
-- you were saying and are still saying 
Paul Cassell and Brad Edwards and 
concocted this story about me together? 
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
Meaning it wasn't just her words; the 
lawyers came up with these allegations. That's what 
you were saying, right? 
A. 
I'm saying a combination. I said -- my 
EFTA01138125
--- PAGE 101 ---
748 
exact words were: 
"MR. DERSHOWITZ: So they and the woman 
got together and contrived and made this up." 
Yes. 
Q. 
Right. So, when I asked you what formed 
the basis of your public statement that the lawyers 
were involved in contriving and making this up, you 
gave me a list of things, and one is --
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
-- Paul Cassell's reputation 
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
-- that was supported by various people 
telling you various things. 
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
One of those things being Paul Cassell is 
a zealot. And so that's where we are right now in 
understanding who these people were, when you got 
this information. And that's what you're describing 
for me, right? 
A. 
That's correct. But I'm saying to you 
that it was the totality of circumstances. For 
example, if a very imminent lawyer with a superb 
reputation had made serious allegations, I would 
be -- I mean, I knew in this case they were totally 
false, but if I didn't know, if I didn't have that 
EFTA01138126
--- PAGE 102 ---
749 
personal information, I would be more reluctant to 
express this opinion. 
But knowing everything I knew, that the 
allegations were false, that there had to be 
financial motive, that there was so much 
specificity, that it was written by the lawyers 
themselves, that they didn't put it under seal, that 
they were trying to get the story out and circulated 
as widely as possible, all of that combined with 
their reputation led me to the opinion that this was 
the scenario. 
By the way, I think it was partial 
scenario, I think as I've said before, there were 
dual motivations. One motivation was to profile me 
to try to -- that was a cover, really. 
MR. EDWARDS: Object. Move to strike as 
nonresponsive. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Yeah, I think 
we've gone far afield. So granted. Move 
forward. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
What did the former President of Ecuador 
tell you about Paul Cassell? 
A. 
Again, all I remember is we had a 
conversation. You asked me who did I have a 
EFTA01138127
--- PAGE 103 ---
750 
conversation with about Paul Cassell. My 
recollection is that he did not use the term 
"zealot" or anything like that. He just gave me 
information. 
Q. 
What information did he give you? 
A. 
That he is stubborn, that he would be 
difficult to get to change his views, that kind of 
thing, in general. But all of it contributed to an 
image. 
I had never met Paul Cassell. I didn't 
know who he was other than having read some of his 
articles. But then I did a lot of research on him 
before I made these statements. 
Q. 
Okay. My question that's pending is, what 
did the former President of Ecuador tell you? 
A. 
That he was stubborn and probably would be 
difficult to get him to change his mind. 
Q. 
Okay. Is there anyone else other than the 
people that you have already either identified --
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
-- by name or described for me that gave 
you information 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
-- about Paul Cassell that contributed to 
your belief about his reputation that gave you a 
EFTA01138128
--- PAGE 104 ---
751 
confidence in the public statement you made about 
him on January 5, 2015? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Okay. Who are those individuals? 
A. 
But I want to be very clear. I'm talking 
about individuals who I spoke to about Paul Cassell, 
who gave me information that formed part of the 
large picture. 
Q. 
You've been clear on that. I get that. 
A. 
One of them is Akhil Amar, who is a 
professor at Yale Law School. 
Q. 
When did you talk to Akhil Amar? 
A. 
Shortly after this happened. Again, my 
recollection is he called me because he was so 
shocked. 
Q. 
And would that have been some date prior 
to January 5, 2015? 
A. 
I don't remember for sure. But it's -- I 
don't remember for sure. 
Q. 
Can you tell me what the substance of the 
conversation was that you had with Akhil Amar about 
Paul Cassell? 
A. 
Well, how shocked he was that Cassell 
would make a statement like this. And that he would 
try to talk to Cassell and persuade him that it 
EFTA01138129
--- PAGE 105 ---
752 
couldn't be true. And that it would be a difficult 
conversation. That's my basic recollection. 
Q. 
Did Akhil Amar tell you that he thought 
highly of Paul Cassell? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Did he give you positive or negative 
information about Paul Cassell or Paul's reputation? 
A. 
I would say it was neutral but consistent. 
You have to know something about Akhil Amar. Akhil 
Amar is the nicest person in the world. I've never 
heard him say anything negative about any human 
being on the face of the earth, and I would never 
expect him to say in specific terms anything 
negative about anybody. But the information he 
provided me helped form the total picture that I had 
of Mr. Cassell. 
Q. 
Other than telling you that Mr. Cassell 
was stubborn, what other information did he provide 
you which helped to form the total picture? 
A. 
I think we discussed his views of 
victimization, his views of false confessions. We 
had a general discussion about his academic 
standing, about his general reputation, about --
Q. 
When you says "his," you're speaking of 
Paul Cassell's or Akhil Amar's? 
EFTA01138130
--- PAGE 106 ---
753 
A. 
No, about Paul Cassell's. This is a 
conversation with Akhil Amar. 
Q. 
Okay. What specifically, then, was the 
substance of that conversation about Paul Cassell's 
reputation that's helped to form the basis of the 
big picture? 
A. 
The conclusion that I drew from it was 
that he with a zealot and he was stubborn and that 
he was an idealogue, and that he was rigid in his 
views. But, again, this is a conclusion that I 
reached on the basis of all the conversations I had. 
I reached out, some people reach out to me, and 
these are the kinds of things that we discussed. 
Q. 
Did Akhil Amar, in speaking about Paul 
Cassell and his character and his reputation, tell 
you that he feels Paul Cassell must genuinely 
believe in the allegations? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Did he tell you or convey to you that Paul 
Cassell did not believe in the allegations of this 
claim? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Did Akhil Amar convey to you that Paul 
Cassell's character or reputation were such that he 
would place assertions or allegations in pleadings 
EFTA01138131
--- PAGE 107 ---
I got from the people around -- the people I spoke 
to. 
MR. EDWARDS: We're getting a little 
feedback on the phone. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: On the phone, 
there is some background --
VIDEOGRAPHER: We're going off the record. 
The time is 11:21 a.m. 
(Recess was held from 11:21 a.m. until 11:27 a.m.) 
VIDEOGRAPHER: We are back on the record. 
The time is 11:27 a.m. 
MR. EDWARDS: Can you read back for me the 
last question and the last answer? 
COURT REPORTER: "Did Akhil Amar convey to 
in which Paul Cassell did not believe? 
A. 
My best recollection -- again, this could 
be him, it could be others, but it was partly from 
what I spoke to him about is that Paul Cassell does 
not believe that any woman is capable of lying about 
sexual assault; that when a woman makes a claim of 
sexual assault, it must be believed and it must be 
credited without regard to the evidence. 
That was certainly the impression I came 
away with from my various conversations with a range 
of people. And that was a pretty uniform view that 
EFTA01138132
--- PAGE 108 ---
755 
you that Paul Cassell's character or reputation 
were such that he would place assertions or 
allegations in pleadings in which Paul Cassell 
did not believe? 
"My best recollection -- again, this could 
be him, it could be others, but it was partly 
from what I spoke to him about is that Paul 
Cassell does not believe that any woman is 
capable of lying about sexual assault; that 
when a woman makes a claim of sexual assault, 
it must be believed and it must be credited 
without regard to the evidence. 
"That was certainly the impression I came 
away with from my various conversations with a 
range of people. And that was a pretty uniform 
view that I got from the people around 
the 
people I spoke to." 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is there anything more about your 
conversation with Akhil Amar that contributed to 
your overall perspective on the reputation of Paul 
Cassell, other than what you've already told me? 
A. 
Not that I can now think of. 
Q. 
How many times did you speak with Akhil 
Amar about Paul Cassell? 
EFTA01138133
--- PAGE 109 ---
756 
A. 
I think twice. 
Q. 
And are you able to say with any certainty 
whether or not it was before or after January 5, 
2015? 
A. 
I can't say. 
Q. 
Did you ask Akhil Amar to reach out to 
Paul Cassell? 
A. 
I did. 
Q. 
Other than Akhil Amar, is there anyone 
else that you haven't already described or named 
that gave you information about Paul Cassell? 
A. 
Okay, let me be very clear, I'm not 
including people with whom I have a privilege, I'm 
not including people that have a privilege with me. 
And I want to be very clear about this, I 
am not now allowed to describe any conversations 
with the person who Sigrid McCawley is now here on 
behalf of. So, I don't want a negative inference to 
be drawn. 
I would like to comment, if I could, about 
a person who I'm not allowed to comment about. But 
I want the record to be -- I don't want 
I have to 
answer your question completely. 
Q. 
Okay. But this is all -- all of these 
questions are about the basis that gave you the 
EFTA01138134
--- PAGE 110 ---
757 
confidence to make the January 5, 2015 statement 
that provided you information on Paul Cassell. 
A. 
I misunderstood. I think your last 
question said the universe of information about Paul 
Cassell. That's why I had to put that on the record 
involving the sealed --
Q. 
Maybe it did, so let me just say 
let me 
break this down. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That's how I 
understood it. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Let's break this down into the people that 
you were describing you spoke to prior to making the 
public statement that we've been talking about, and 
then we'll expand it beyond that time. 
A. 
Okay. 
Q. 
Okay. So, in addition to Akhil Amar, who 
is next on the list? 
A. 
You want me to repeat the names I gave you 
or --
Q. 
No, no, outside of the people we've 
already discussed? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Who is next on 
the list for what? 
EFTA01138135
--- PAGE 111 ---
758 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Who is next on the list of people that you 
spoke with about Paul Cassell or his reputation that 
gave you the confidence to make the public statement 
that you made about Paul Cassell on January 5, 2015? 
A. 
Outside of people within the various 
privileges we've talked about. 
Q. 
Well, I want to know are there people 
within the privileges that we spoke about --
MR. SCOTT: Objection. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Are there people within the privilege that 
spoke to you that helped to form your opinions or 
give you confidence to make the public statement 
that you made in January 5, 2015? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection, work product --
MR. INDYKE: Objection --
MR. SCOTT: -- attorney-client. I'm 
instructing him not to answer that question. 
MR. EDWARDS: I'm not even asking for the 
identities first. I'm asking are there people. 
MR. SCOTT: I'm not -- objection. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same objections. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Because you've 
defined the topic so specifically, it would, in 
EFTA01138136
--- PAGE 112 ---
759 
my view, invade the privilege without 
identifying the people. And so based on the 
objection, I will grant the objection pending a 
reservation to review the entire issue on the 
privilege, as we've done before. 
So move on. I think right now, move on on 
this -- on the question because you specified 
the question. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did privileged communications assist in 
forming your opinions about Paul Cassell? 
MR. SCOTT: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: And the same 
ruling as the previous question. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Are we clear that I'm not asking what 
those opinions are or the names of the individuals? 
Just are there individuals -- is there privileged 
communications that form the basis of your -- that 
help to form the basis of your opinions? Just yes 
or no, is there privileged communication --
MR. SCOTT: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
EFTA01138137
--- PAGE 113 ---
760 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Here's -- let me 
just -- so I'm clear, we may -- it may be me or 
it may be Judge Lynch who visits this issue, 
and it may very well be that he will have to --
the witness will have to answer these questions 
after subsequent argument. 
However, because the question defines the 
topic and the matter that you're inquiring so 
specifically without addressing the 
individuals, but seeking the individuals whom 
he shares whatever privilege is being asserted, 
since the topic is so specifically defined in 
your question, I think it would invade the 
privilege, as I understand it. 
And until we reach the overall decision on 
whether privileged information of this type can 
be -- to force the witness to answer it --
require an answer from the witness, then I 
would like to move on. 
MR. SCAROLA: So that our position is 
clear, there is no legal issue to address 
unless there are materials over which a 
privilege is being asserted. 
EFTA01138138
--- PAGE 114 ---
761 
We are entitled to know whether there are 
materials over which a privilege is being 
asserted, and we are entitled to know the 
nature of the privilege that is being asserted 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I -- well taken. 
But my ruling will stand for now. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you receive any e-mails about Paul 
Cassell or his reputation? 
A. 
Not that I remember, but I can check. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you receive any e-mails about the 
reputation of Brad Edwards? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
so that we can make a determination as to 
whether we even want to raise a legal issue. 
There's no legal issue to raise unless 
we've identified whether there is privileged 
material. 
That's what we're attempting to do, to 
establish for the record whether there is 
privileged material and the nature of privilege 
being asserted without getting into the 
substance of any privileged communication. 
EFTA01138139
--- PAGE 115 ---
762 
instruction. 
MR. SCOTT: Again, if they're in the 
context of privileged materials. 
A. 
Outside -- outside all of the privileges, 
I will have to check. I don't recall. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you receive any e-mails about the 
reputation of Jack Scarola? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I don't recall. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you receive any e-mails about the 
reputation of Sigrid McCawley? 
MR. SCOTT: Relevancy. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
No. I've always had a very high regard 
for Sigrid McCawley prior to these allegations, 
which is why I was so shocked that she would lend 
her name to these false allegations. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I don't believe there's any question 
pending. 
Who are the individuals by name that told 
EFTA01138140
--- PAGE 116 ---
763 
you Paul Cassell, as a professor, used Alan 
Dershowitz as an object of hatred in his class? 
A. 
I heard that from some students. Well, 
no, let me be clear. From a student. And I have no 
recollection of the name. But a student called me 
and told me that a friend of his who was in Paul 
Cassell's class remembered that he went after me on 
the -- two issues; on the death penalty and on the 
exclusionary rule, and used me as a kind of object 
example of, you know, a wrong-headed person. That 
he seemed to -- at least the student got a 
perception that he seemed to have an animus towards 
me. But I have to tell you that did not figure 
into -- that did not contribute to my conclusions 
about that. I'm controversial; I know that. 
Q. 
Didn't we get here by me asking what did 
contribute, and you told me, amongst a laundry list 
of other things, that you were told that Paul 
Cassell used Alan Dershowitz as an object of hatred? 
A. 
I may have thought about that. But as I 
think about it now, I don't think I really factored 
that in in any significant way into my assessment. 
Q. 
So that I understand the source of that 
information, as you sit here today, it is a person 
who you cannot identify told you that a friend of 
EFTA01138141
--- PAGE 117 ---
764 
that person that you cannot identify --
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
-- told you that --
MR. SCAROLA: Told him. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
-- told him that Paul Cassell used you as 
That 
call 
in your mind and it becomes a small part. 
As I now think about it, I think too small 
a part to even factor into my decision. I don't 
think I really let that weigh on my decision. It 
that 
are the other names in addition to those that you 
an example on two issues, the death penalty and 
exclusionary rule, in his class? 
A. 
And more generally about my approach to 
criminal law. That's why I would never make a 
statement like that publicly. 
You're asking me what was in my mind. 
was a factor in my mind. When you get a phone 
about somebody, you don't forget it, it stays 
may have weighed on my attitude toward Paul Cassell, 
but I don't think it would have affected my decision 
as to whether he would do what I said he did -- what 
I believe he did. 
Q. 
What are the names -- other than those 
you have identified or described for us -- what 
EFTA01138142
--- PAGE 118 ---
765 
have described or named for us that gave you 
information about Paul Cassell? 
A. 
As I sit here now, I'm sure there are 
many, but I can't identify any specific names, and 
if I can think of any, I will certainly let you 
know. 
Q. 
Can you tell me the additional names other 
than Akhil Amar that you communicated with and asked 
to communicate with Paul Cassell? 
A. 
Nancy Gertner, former federal judge. 
MR. SCOTT: Again, not privileged. 
A. 
Well, it's complicated. At the time I 
asked her to reach out, I did not regard her as my 
attorney. Since that time, she has offered to help 
represent me. So we're now in a privileged 
relationship. 
But when I called and asked her -- I think 
she called me. I had no idea who knew Paul Cassell, 
but a number of people called and said, what can we 
do? Can we call Paul? How can he be doing this? 
This is -- even Senator Hatch offered to call Paul 
Cassell because he couldn't believe -- he said, I 
cannot believe this allegation against you. I know 
you. I know you to be a very honorable man. I 
cannot believe that allegation against you. And I'm 
EFTA01138143
--- PAGE 119 ---
766 
going to call Paul Cassell. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. Going back to Nancy Gertner, when 
did you establish an attorney-client relationship 
with Nancy Gertner? 
A. 
Sometime thereafter. 
Q. 
Sometime? 
A. 
After she called Cassell, and Cassell 
would not do anything to try to resolve the matter. 
Q. 
Okay. Do you know when it was that you 
asked Nancy Gertner to reach out to Paul Cassell? 
A. 
Shortly after the allegations. Again, she 
called me, and she just couldn't believe that 
anybody would be making these allegations. 
Q. 
Was it before or after the statement that 
we have discussed that was made by you on the Don 
Lemon show on January 5, 2015, that you asked Nancy 
Gertner to reach out to Paul Cassell? 
A. 
I don't remember. It could have been 
before. But it might have been after. I just don't 
remember. 
Q. 
And is there a formal memorialization of 
the attorney-client relationship between yourself 
and Nancy Gertner? 
A. 
I don't know the answer to that as we sit 
EFTA01138144
--- PAGE 120 ---
767 
here now, but she's one of my lawyers and she's 
included on my list of lawyers and I regard her as 
one of my attorneys. 
Q. 
Is there anyone else that is on the list 
of people other than those that you've either 
described or named already that provided you 
information about Paul Cassell? 
A. 
I'm sure there are many, but not that I 
can identify now. Well, I can give you one more. 
The BBC reporter who interviewed me showed me an 
e-mail from Paul Cassell in which Paul Cassell gave 
her a list of questions to ask me, while claiming 
that he was not speaking to the media. 
That led me to conclude that he was a 
liar. And that happened very early on. That he was 
absolutely a liar because he categorically stated 
that he had never spoken to the media, never would 
speak to the media. And here I had an e-mail from 
him showed to me by BBC that proved he was 
absolutely lying through his teeth. So I concluded 
that he is a liar who has no concern for the truth. 
Q. 
When did Paul Cassell categorically deny 
ever speaking to the media? 
A. 
In his press releases where he says, we do 
not speak to the media, we've never spoken to the 
EFTA01138145
--- PAGE 121 ---
768 
media, only Dershowitz speaks to the media, lying by 
omission and by commission, failing to state that he 
was trying to get publicity through ABC, that he was 
pleading with ABC and he was trying to sell her 
story to tabloids. So he was lying by omission, 
lying by commission, and so were you. 
Q. 
Have you produced -- do you have a list 
from BBC or -- reporter or anyone else that 
indicates a list of questions or whatever it is 
you're testifying to --
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
-- that came from somebody other than Paul 
Cassell? 
A. 
I don't understand that question. 
Q. 
Well, you just threw in "and so were you," 
and we're only talking about a list of questions 
that you know about from the BBC. 
MR. SCOTT: I'm not sure -- can you 
rephrase the question so we have it clear? 
MR. EDWARDS: Sure. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I asked for you to identify anyone else 
that provided you information about Paul Cassell 
that helped to form your opinions. Your answer was, 
a BBC reporter. Do you know her name? 
EFTA01138146
--- PAGE 122 ---
769 
A. 
You must, because you know it's a her. 
Q. 
I'm asking 
A. 
I provided it and we have 
the record. 
Q. 
As you sit here today, do you 
name? 
A. 
No, I don't know the names of 
Q. 
Okay. And the thing 
reporter whose name you do not 
A. 
But I can get it for 
Q. 
that 
know 
you. 
you, do you know her name? 
-- it's part of 
know her 
reporters. 
that BBC 
right now --
I'm just describing the reporter since you 
don't know her 
not 
name. The reporter whose name you 
recall right now provided you an e-mail 
A. 
Q. 
A. 
BY MR. 
Q. 
correct me 
showed you 
that were 
to you. 
A. 
No. 
Showed you an e-mail? 
No. 
MR. SCOTT: Let him ask the question. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let him 
EDWARDS: 
I understood your testimony, 
if I'm wrong, that this BBC 
an e-mail of questions from 
requested by Paul Cassell to 
do 
finish. 
and please 
reporter 
Paul Cassell 
be directed 
Yes. But it was not done by the reporter. 
EFTA01138147
--- PAGE 123 ---
770 
It was done by the producer. It was a man producer. 
And he told me and showed me on his BlackBerry or 
his iPhone the questions that Paul Cassell had asked 
him to ask me. 
Q. 
In addition to the questions that Paul 
Cassell had asked him to ask you, is it your 
testimony that Paul Cassell spoke to the media about 
the allegations or the facts as Paul understood them 
in the case? 
A. 
Yes, I don't about spoke, but we know that 
he -- yes, we know he spoke to ABC. I think I can 
give you the names of the people he spoke to there. 
Jim Hill. 
MR. SCAROLA: Pardon me. I think there's 
a feedback problem again. 
MR. SIMPSON: On the phone, there seems to 
be a feedback problem. 
MR. SCAROLA: Cross talk. 
MR. INDYKE: Do you know if it's coming 
from Darren Indyke or another phone? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: There's no way 
to know. 
MR. SIMPSON: It's not there now. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I want to limit this so that I can 
EFTA01138148
--- PAGE 124 ---
771 
understand exactly what you're saying to this BBC 
reporter that you have identified that provided you 
information that helped to support your opinions 
about Paul Cassell. 
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
Okay. That person provided you an e-mail 
or you saw through this person an e-mail that Paul 
Cassell -- that evidenced questions that Paul 
Cassell wanted you to be asked? 
A. 
It was my recollection it was an e-mail 
from Paul Cassell to the producer is my 
recollection. 
Q. 
Okay. In addition -- so my question 
that's pending is, in addition to the questions, is 
there anything in the body of that e-mail or that 
you were told by this reporter that Paul Cassell 
spoke or communicated with the BBC beyond the 
content of those questions? 
A. 
Yes, the reporter told me that Paul 
Cassell had spoken to him, and my recollection is 
that they had spoken and then he sent him a 
follow-up e-mail is my recollection. Again, it's a 
year ago. And this was at the time that Paul 
Cassell was saying and you were saying through your 
lawyers and certainly trying to convey the 
EFTA01138149
--- PAGE 125 ---
772 
impression that you were trying to keep this case 
out of the media and that it was I who was putting 
it into the media, while it turns out that 
secretly --
MR. EDWARDS: Object. Move to strike as 
nonresponsive. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Are you almost 
finished? 
A. 
Almost done. 
Secretly you were communicating with the 
media and trying very hard to get them to cover this 
story in a way negative to me. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was this a reporter or a producer that was 
telling you this information? 
A. 
Producer. 
Q. 
And what is the name of that producer, if 
you know? 
A. 
We can find that out. But I'm sure you 
have the e-mail. I'm sure Cassell has the e-mail. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Do you know? 
A. 
I don't know the name of the producer. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And what was it that this producer told 
you that Paul told him? 
EFTA01138150
--- PAGE 126 ---
773 
A. 
To please ask me very critical and hard 
questions. And I assumed -- this is an 
assumption -- that the reason the BBC may have 
called me was they were put on to it by Paul 
Cassell, who urged them to call me. 
Q. 
My question, if we back up a few, though, 
is beyond the substance of the questions from Paul 
Cassell, do you have information that Paul Cassell 
spoke to them? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Okay. And I think, as you said, yes, 
because I talked to this reporter. What did the 
reporter tell you that Paul Cassell said beyond the 
substance of those questions? 
A. 
It's the producer. 
Q. 
Producer. 
A. 
Not the reporter. The reporter was part 
of the conversation, too, but I think the 
conversations had been between Paul Cassell and the 
producer. 
The conclusion I drew from our 
conversation was that Paul Cassell had reached out 
to BBC and asked to have them ask me hard questions, 
and the questions were all very critical and hard 
questions designed to make her story believable. 
EFTA01138151
--- PAGE 127 ---
774 
And that the producer then responded to 
Cassell and said send me an e-mail, and Cassell sent 
an e-mail with the questions listed. And they, in 
fact, asked me those questions. 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
But the point of my answer is that at the 
same time, you, Mr. Scarola, and Mr. Cassell were 
communicating to the press --
MR. EDWARDS: Object and move to strike as 
nonresponsive. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I would agree 
with that and grant the motion. Go ahead and 
ask your next question. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Beyond the communication from Paul Cassell 
to a producer, ask Alan Dershowitz these questions, 
is it your understanding that Paul Cassell 
communicated anything further to that producer? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Okay. What did the producer tell you that 
Paul Cassell said to him beyond "ask Alan Dershowitz 
these questions"? 
A. 
Well, the producer certainly came to the 
interview having been, it seemed to me, briefed by 
Cassell and came with a conclusion that he had 
EFTA01138152
--- PAGE 128 ---
775 
reached that I was guilty. So I can draw a 
reasonable inference that he was told that by Paul 
Cassell. 
Q. 
Did the producer tell you that he was told 
anything beyond "ask Alan Dershowitz these 
questions"? 
A. 
The producer told me that he had other 
communications with Cassell. But beyond that, I had 
to draw my own inferences. 
Q. 
Without you drawing your own inferences, 
did the producer tell you the substance of those 
other communications with Paul Cassell beyond "ask 
Alan Dershowitz these questions"? 
A. 
No. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: We're beginning 
to approach a break, so as your deposition --
find a time in the next 10 or 15 minutes or so. 
MR. EDWARDS: I think this is as good a 
time as any. 
THE WITNESS: I'm happy to go on. 
MR. SIMPSON: Take a break. 
MR. SCOTT: Take a break. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I don't want to 
interrupt a flow. 
MR. EDWARDS: This is good stopping point, 
EFTA01138153
--- PAGE 129 ---
776 
and then we'll take a break and be back. 
VIDEOGRAPHER: We're going off the record. 
The time is 11:52 a.m. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: You can go off 
the record but stay on the record. 
With respect to the issues over privilege, 
and as it appears that this witness may be held 
over beyond today, I would ask the parties to 
discuss and see if you can agree among 
yourselves how you wish, if you wish, to 
address those issues so that whether it's in 
front of me or in front of Judge Lynch, so that 
in several weeks or whenever he's reset, should 
there need to be a readdressing of questions 
that were not answered because of that issue, 
just as I'm not foretelling -- don't take 
anything in it, but just for purposes of 
scheduling, we probably ought to try to deal 
with -- I would suggest that the parties try to 
deal with that issue between now and the next 
time Mr. Dershowitz sits for deposition. 
MR. SCAROLA: That absolutely makes sense. 
And we will be filing, after we have received 
the transcript, an appropriate Motion to 
Compel, and I think that it is best that the 
EFTA01138154
--- PAGE 130 ---
777 
Court deal with that motion. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'm --
MR. SCAROLA: I think it's beyond the 
scope of the responsibilities that have been 
agreed to be resolved by you, and that would be 
our request. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Okay. I wanted 
to raise that just from the purposes of just an 
administrative standpoint. 
MR. SCAROLA: Yes. Thank you very much. 
(Recess was held from 11:54 a.m. until 1:04 p.m. 
after which the proceedings continued in Volume 6.) 
EFTA01138155
--- PAGE 131 ---
778 
CERTIFICATE OF OATH 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF BROWARD 
I, the undersigned authority, certify 
that ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ personally appeared 
before me and was duly sworn on the 13th day of 
January, 2016. 
Signed this 17th day of January, 2016. 
KIMBERLY FONTALVO, RPR, CLR 
Notary Public, State of Florida 
My Commission No. FF 226848 
Expires: 7/12/2019 
EFTA01138156
--- PAGE 132 ---
779 
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF BROWARD 
I, KIMBERLY FONTALVO, Registered 
Professional Reporter, do hereby certify that I 
was authorized to and did stenographically report 
the foregoing videotape continued deposition of 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ; pages 648 through 455; that a 
review of the transcript was requested; and that 
the transcript is a true record of my 
stenographic notes. 
I FURTHER CERTIFY that I am not a 
relative, employee, attorney, or counsel of any 
of the parties, nor am I a relative or employee 
of any of the parties' attorneys or counsel 
connected with the action, nor am I financially 
interested in the action. 
Dated this 14th day of January, 2016. 
KIMBERLY FONTALVO, RPR, CLR 
EFTA01138157
--- PAGE 133 ---
780 
January 14, 2016 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II - Suite 1400 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
BY: THOMAS EMERSON SCOTT, JR., ESQ. 
thomas.scott@csklegal.com 
Re: Bradley Edwards, et al., v. Alan M. Dershowitz 
Please take notice that on the 12th day of January, 
2016, you gave your deposition in the above cause. 
At that time, you did not waive your signature. 
The above-addressed attorney has ordered a copy of 
this transcript and will make arrangements with you 
to read their copy. Please execute the Errata 
Sheet, which can be found at the back of the 
transcript, and have it returned to us for 
distribution to all parties. 
If you do not read and sign the deposition within a 
reasonable amount of time, the original, which has 
already been forwarded to the ordering attorney, may 
be filed with the Clerk of the Court. 
If you wish to waive your signature now, please sign 
your name in the blank at the bottom of this letter 
and return to the address listed below. 
Very truly yours, 
KIMBERLY FONTALVO, RPR, CLR 
Phipps Reporting, Inc. 
1551 Forum Place 
Building 200, Suite E 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
I do hereby waive my signature. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
EFTA01138158
--- PAGE 134 ---
781 
ERRATA SHEET 
DO NOT WRITE ON TRANSCRIPT - ENTER CHANGES HERE 
In Re: BRADLEY EDWARDS, ET AL., V. ALAN M. 
DERSHOWITZ 
Case No.: 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
January 12, 2016 
PAGE 
LINE 
CHANGE 
REASON 
Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I have 
read the foregoing document and that the facts 
stated in it are true. 
Date 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
EFTA01138159

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138160.pdf
----------------------------------------
782 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL 
CIRCUIT IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and PAUL G. 
CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs, 
VS. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant. 
VIDEOTAPE CONTINUED DEPOSITION OF 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
VOLUME 6 
Pages 782 through 909 
Wednesday, January 13, 2016 
1:05 p.m. - 3:06 p.m. 
Tripp Scott 
110 Southeast 6th Street 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 
Stenographically Reported By: 
Kimberly Fontalvo, RPR, CLR 
Realtime Systems Administrator 
EFTA01138160
--- PAGE 2 ---
783 
APPEARANCES: 
On behalf of Plaintiffs: 
SEARCY, DENNEY, SCAROLA 
BARNHART & SHIPLEY, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33402-3626 
BY: JACK SCAROLA, ESQ. 
On behalf of Defendant: 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II - Suite 1400 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
BY: THOMAS EMERSON SCOTT, JR., ESQ. 
BY: STEVEN SAFRA, ESQ. 
(Via phone) 
--and--
WILEY, REIN 
17769 K Street NW 
Washington, DC 20006 
BY: RICHARD A. SIMPSON, ESQ. 
EFTA01138161
--- PAGE 3 ---
784 
APPEARANCES (Continued): 
On behalf of Jeffrey Epstein: 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Ave., 4th Fl. 
New York, New York 
BY: DARREN K. INDYKE, ESQ. (Via phone) 
On behalf of 
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER, LLP 
401 E. Las Olas Blvd., Ste. 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
BY: SIGRID STONE MCCAWLEY, ESQ. 
ALSO PRESENT: 
Edward J. Pozzuoli, Special Master 
Sean D. Reyes, Utah Attorney General Office 
Marcy Martinez, Videographer 
EFTA01138162
--- PAGE 4 ---
785 
INDEX 
Examination 
Page 
VOLUME 6 (Pages 782 - 909) 
Certificate of Oath 
906 
Certificate of Reporter 
907 
Read and Sign Letter to Witness 
908 
Errata Sheet (forwarded upon execution) 
909 
PLAINTIFF EXHIBITS 
No. 
Page 
Business card of Jeffrey B. Levy, 
792 
Esquire 
2002 Article on Child Pornography 
810 
Miami Beach Police Case Report Detail 
822 
Document reflecting entry for 
877 
Dershowitz, Alan 
Santa Monica Police Report 
885 
EFTA01138163
--- PAGE 5 ---
786 
Thereupon, the proceedings continued at 1:04 p.m. 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going back on the record. 
The time is 1:04 p.m. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Sir, before we move on to the next topic, 
I want to make sure that we have finished the 
previous topic. 
Is there anyone else who gave you 
information about Paul Cassell who you can identify 
at this time and did not otherwise this morning 
identify? 
A. 
Yes. So, immediately upon hearing of the 
false accusation against me, I recall now that I 
Googled Paul Cassell and discovered that he was 
called a zealot at least three times on easily 
accessible published materials. 
So, the term "zealot" in addition to 
coming from individuals -- and you can get them on 
Google as easily as I can --
MR. SCAROLA: The question was, was there 
anyone else. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I'm asking is there a person's name? 
A. 
These people wrote articles. They have 
names. 
EFTA01138164
--- PAGE 6 ---
787 
Q. 
What are their names? 
A. 
I don't recall them. You can get them. 
You can just Google "Paul Cassell" and you will find 
names of people who call him a zealot. 
Q. 
I think maybe my question wasn't clear, so 
I'm going to make it crystal clear. 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Have you remembered the name of any 
individual who you did not identify by name or 
description this morning that provided you 
personally with information about Paul Cassell? 
A. 
A man named Hobbs, H-O-B-B-S. 
Q. 
Is that a first or last name? 
A. 
That's a last name. And he -- my 
recollection is -- I don't know if he testified 
against Paul Cassell or he just wrote an article, 
but he wrote an article calling him a dangerous 
zealot. 
Q. 
Did you speak with Hobbs? 
A. 
I don't recall if I spoke to him, but I do 
recall reading his article or reading excerpts at 
least from the article. 
And then I remember reading another 
article, may have been on Slate or -- there are a 
number of articles calling Paul Cassell a zealot. 
EFTA01138165
--- PAGE 7 ---
788 
So the name just didn't pop into my head. It was 
something, as I said earlier, that was part of his 
reputation. 
Q. 
Okay. I will break this into two 
questions. One, what information did you have other 
than human interaction that may have included 
articles or other things that you read? 
But before I get to that question, my 
question is, have you recalled the identity of any 
person that you did not tell us about or describe 
earlier this morning that provided you information 
about Paul Cassell? 
A. 
I want to wait for the --
MR. INDYKE: Outside the privilege. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Excuse me? 
A. 
Not that I can recall at this time. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. Are there other materials that you 
have not yet disclosed during this deposition that 
you read, that provided you additional bases for 
your opinions about Mr. Cassell? 
A. 
Yes. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And are these materials that 
EFTA01138166
--- PAGE 8 ---
789 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. 
MR. EDWARDS: Outside of the privilege. 
MR. INDYKE: Okay. Sorry. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Are these materials that have been 
provided already in discovery in this case? 
A. 
I don't know the answer to that. I don't 
know what has been provided and what hasn't. I can 
just tell you that in the course of my career, I had 
read -- I had never met Mr. Cassell, but I had read 
his articles, and they are aptly described as 
zealous. He once -- he was once described as 
somebody who misused -- I think misused or uses 
family values to hide his zealotry. But I was 
familiar with his what are regarded as very extreme 
writings. And that formed part of my opinion about 
his zealotry, yes. 
Q. 
What was the timing of your reading these 
articles that helped to form a part of your opinion 
about Mr. Cassell? 
A. 
Very soon after the allegation was made. 
Not only did I independently read, but people called 
me and alerted me to read this, read that. People 
sent me briefs and asked me to read them. 
EFTA01138167
--- PAGE 9 ---
790 
Q. 
So one of the things that you took into 
consideration in assessing the reputation or 
credibility of Paul Cassell were various things that 
he had written or that had been written about him? 
A. 
Yes, and what people had said about him. 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
I mean, just to give you an example, if 
you don't mind me just elaborating one second, as I 
was getting lunch today downstairs, three people 
came over to me. One of them said, I can't believe 
those, and then he used the F word, scrupulous 
unscrupulous, unethical lawyers who have done this 
to you, this is horrible, get them, they have to pay 
a price, they ought to be disciplined. 
And I said, do you know me? 
No, but I've been following this story. 
This is just unbelievable. 
And then two other people, one of whom 
overheard it, said, I just want to join in on that. 
I don't know you, but I just want you to know that 
the lawyers who did this are beyond -- they're just 
horrible. No decent lawyer would ever do this. 
This happens to me all the time. People 
come over to me all the time and tell me what they 
think of you and Paul Cassell. 
EFTA01138168
--- PAGE 10 ---
791 
Q. 
Okay. Where were you eating lunch today? 
A. 
In a Wrap [sic] around restaurant. 
Q. 
Where is it located geographically? 
A. 
Right in the building. In the building. 
Q. 
And are these individuals that spoke to 
you individuals who told you that they know either 
myself or Paul Cassell? 
A. 
I didn't ask that question. It was just 
-- it was quick conversation and one of them said, 
I'll do anything to help. 
Q. 
Okay. What is the identity of the person 
who will do anything to help you? 
A. 
His name is Jeffrey Levy. He is an 
attorney here. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: "Here" meaning 
where? 
A. 
In Fort Lauderdale. He's a family lawyer. 
Just out of the blue, I don't know him from Adam. 
But this happens to me all the time. When I go to 
Miami tomorrow, I'll be walking down Lincoln Road, 
people will come over to me and tell me about you. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. Can you give me the cards of the 
other people that have given you these cards all the 
time so that we can --
EFTA01138169
--- PAGE 11 ---
792 
A. 
No. The only reason I asked for this card 
today, I asked him for the card because I said, I 
want to be able to mention this if I'm asked about 
it in the deposition. Would you mind giving me the 
card? 
He said, "I'm thrilled." He went to his 
car, he got the card, and he said --
MR. EDWARDS: I would like to attach the 
card of Jeffrey Levy to the deposition as the 
next consecutive exhibit, which I believe is 
26. 
(Thereupon, marked as Plaintiff 
Exhibit 26.) 
MR. EDWARDS: Can I see the exhibit? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Sure. 
MR. SCOTT: Can I see the exhibit, too, 
when you're done? 
MR. EDWARDS: Yes. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
On the back of this card, there is some 
writing. Whose writing is that? 
A. 
Mine. 
Q. 
The writing, I think, says "Scarola 
unethical e-mail"? 
A. 
That's right. 
EFTA01138170
--- PAGE 12 ---
793 
Q. 
And does that scribbling of "Scarola 
unethical e-mail" relate at all to this card? 
A. 
Not directly, no. Not directly. 
Q. 
Did this lawyer, Jeffrey Levy, discuss 
with you Jack Scarola at all? 
A. 
No. He just discussed just the lawyers 
generically and their unethical conduct. 
Q. 
And the lawyers generically, he's talking 
about the lawyers who believe iliMiliSwolimme 
A. 
No. The lawyers who pretend to believe 
. None of us think you believe her. 
Nobody I know thinks you believe her. 
Q. 
Nobody you know thinks 
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
Any of the people you described yesterday, 
which is now inclusive of Brad Edwards, Paul 
Cassell, Jack Scarola, Sigrid McCawley and David 
Boise, believe 
that's your 
testimony? 
A. 
That's right, and Sigrid McCawley told me 
that. 
MS. McCAWLEY: I'm sorry, I'm going to 
object. This again -- so I have no idea what 
context, or if you're referring to a context 
where we were having settlement discussions, 
EFTA01138171
--- PAGE 13 ---
794 
that violates the seal order that's already in 
place. There's a motion for sanctions pending. 
We will be supplementing with this. 
You know, how many times do we have to go 
over this, Alan? It's not appropriate. First 
of all, you're misrepresenting things. And 
I'll state for the record, I did not say that. 
But secondly --
THE WITNESS: She's waiving privilege. 
MS. McCAWLEY: No, I'm not waiving the 
privilege. 
THE WITNESS: Yes, you are. 
MS. McCAWLEY: I'm denying the allegation 
that you just made on the record. I'm making 
my record that you are not entitled to discuss 
anything that deals with confidential 
settlement discussions. Misrepresenting those 
is a violation of that, and I'll go back to the 
judge and get another order if I need to. 
THE WITNESS: I was asked a question --
MR. SIMPSON: Don't --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on. 
MR. SCAROLA: Could we have --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Is there 
anything else, Ms. McCawley? 
EFTA01138172
--- PAGE 14 ---
795 
MS. McCAWLEY: No, not right now. 
MR. SCAROLA: Could we have the question 
and the answer read back, please. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let's go ahead 
and do that, just for purposes of 
COURT REPORTER: "Any of the people you 
described yesterday, which is now inclusive of 
Brad Edwards, Paul Cassell, Jack Scarola, 
Sigrid McCawley and David Boise, believe 
that's your testimony? 
"That's right, and Sigrid McCawley told me 
that." 
A. 
That's absolutely responsive. 
MR. SCAROLA: We move to strike the "and 
Sigrid McCawley told me that" comment as 
unresponsive to the question that was asked. 
And we agree that it is clearly violative of 
the Court order that has been entered with 
respect to this matter. 
MR. SIMPSON: The question on its face 
asked about Ms. McCawley. It was Mr. Edwards 
that injected her views into the question. It 
was not the witness. 
SPECIAL MASTERPOZZUOLI: Go back up to the 
question. 
EFTA01138173
--- PAGE 15 ---
796 
THE WITNESS: I'm happy to have it sealed 
if you want. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hold on a 
second. Go back up to the question. 
COURT REPORTER: "QUESTION: Any of the 
people you described yesterday, which is now 
inclusive of Brad Edwards, Paul Cassell, Jack 
Scarola, Sigrid McCawley and David Boise, 
believe 
that's your 
testimony? 
"ANSWER: That's right, and Sigrid 
McCawley told me that." 
MR. SCAROLA: The responsive answer ends 
with "and that's right." Excuse me. "That's 
right," period. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Give me a 
second. I'll grant the Motion to Strike from 
"and" all the way to the end. 
A. 
I'm also happy to have it sealed, if they 
choose to. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Well, I don't 
know what is going to come up, but it will be 
dealt with one way or another. 
MR. SIMPSON: The witness said we would be 
happy to have it sealed, given that ruling. 
EFTA01138174
--- PAGE 16 ---
797 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
This attorney, Jeffrey Levy, did he 
elaborate upon the basis for his offer to help you 
against the generically described unscrupulous 
lawyers, question mark? 
A. 
Yes, he basically said these are lawyers 
who are willing to make these outrageous charges, 
and lawyers shouldn't be making these kinds of 
outrageous charges against other lawyers, especially 
when they're irrelevant. And basically he seemed to 
know a little bit about -- not much, but a little 
bit about the case. 
But I use it as an illustration of people 
coming to me all the time making these statements to 
help amplify my answer. It's why I can't remember 
names. Normally I wouldn't have asked him his name. 
I only asked him his name because of your questions 
of me today. But every -- virtually every week --
in the beginning, it was every day, people would 
come over to me with these kinds of statements. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Okay. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
But is this lawyer's opinion, am I 
understanding that that -- that's something you 
weigh in to support your public statements that you 
EFTA01138175
--- PAGE 17 ---
798 
have made? 
A. 
I look at the totality of circumstances. 
I look at my professional opinion, I look at what 
I've read, I look at what I've told, I try to 
calibrate, weigh everything for what it's worth and 
then I come to an opinion. 
And my opinion that I arrived at was based 
at the totality of the circumstances that I was 
aware of at the time I made this statement. And the 
statement turns out to be true. 
Q. 
And Jeffrey Levy, whatever his opinion is, 
is one of the things that you're factoring in at 
this point? 
A. 
No, of course not. Of course not. 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
Not now, I don't have to factor anything 
in. I now know the truth. I now know from other 
people that this was all part of an extortion plot 
and that the object of the extortion was Leslie 
Wexner. But I'm aware of that now, so I don't have 
to base the opinion on anything else. 
MR. EDWARDS: Objection. Move to strike. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'm going to go 
ahead and move -- grant the Motion to Strike. 
Go back up. Let me just see where -- because I 
EFTA01138176
--- PAGE 18 ---
799 
wanted to find -- so from "I now know from 
other people this is all part of an extortion 
plot," from there down, we'll strike. 
So what will remain is "not now, I don't 
have to factor anything in. I now know the 
truth." That will remain. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. What are the identities of the 
other two individuals that you encountered during 
your lunch break? 
A. 
One of them is a woman, a lawyer and --
MR. SCAROLA: He asked for a name. 
A. 
I don't know the names. I didn't ask the 
names from anybody. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is there a description that would help me 
learn the identity of this person? 
A. 
She was in her 40s, probably. She had 
short, cropped hair. 
Q. 
Is this somebody who knew the lawyers who 
had accused you by reputation? 
A. 
I don't know. I don't know. I'm just 
giving you an illustration of what people tell me 
all the time. 
Q. 
Okay. During the lunch break, did you 
EFTA01138177
--- PAGE 19 ---
800 
have a chance to consider whether you were willing 
to waive the attorney-client privilege with respect 
to the identities of the individuals with whom you 
share a privilege in the circumstance where you are 
the client, that provided you information that 
helped form the basis of your opinions about Paul 
Cassell and Brad Edwards? 
MR. SCOTT: We've instructed my client not 
to waive the privilege. 
MR. SCAROLA: Both privileges? 
MR. SCOTT: Yes. 
MR. SCAROLA: And by "both," I mean both 
attorney-client and work product. 
MR. SCOTT: Yes, sir. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Isn't another reason that you have given 
publicly that you could not have -- that anybody who 
knows you would know that you could not have and 
would not have committed such an offense, you're not 
that kind of person? 
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
And similar to what you did with respect 
to Paul Cassell and reading about what is public out 
there about him to form the basis of your belief in 
EFTA01138178
--- PAGE 20 ---
801 
his credibility and reputation, you would agree that 
it's also fair to have done the same thing with 
respect to you, correct? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Okay. Is it -- do you or have you in the 
past enjoyed getting naked at clothing-optional 
beaches in Martha's Vineyard? 
A. 
When I was --
MR. SCOTT: Objection, relevancy to that. 
Invasion of privacy. Has no relevancy 
whatsoever. I would like a ruling. 
MR. EDWARDS: It is reasonably calculated 
to lead to the discovery of admissible 
evidence. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'm going to 
deny the objection, but give you -- latitude is 
not unlimited. 
MR. EDWARDS: I understand. 
A. 
Would you give me a time frame? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Sure. At around October 15, 2001, which 
is a time period we have agreed falls within the 
relevant time period of this case. 
A. 
So I have to give a lengthy answer to 
this. There is a beach on Martha's Vineyard which 
EFTA01138179
--- PAGE 21 ---
802 
has traditionally been a clothing-optional beach. 
Rumors are that Eleanor Roosevelt use to skinny dip 
there. Many prominent people have skinny dipped on 
that beach, and my wife and I have occasionally 
skinny dipped on that beach. Yes. Not in recent 
years. 
Q. 
Were you asked at some point to represent 
a woman by the name of Nikki Craft? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
And with respect to that representation or 
attempted representation, have you read the 
statement that she has put out publicly regarding 
you? 
A. 
I don't recall, but I can tell you what 
the facts of the case were and why I turned down 
representation, if you would like to hear it. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let him ask his 
question. 
MR. EDWARDS: Sure. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Sure? 
MR. EDWARDS: No, no. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Oh, okay. Go 
ahead. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you -- do you know that she has said 
EFTA01138180
--- PAGE 22 ---
803 
that she has written "Does there exist for 
Dershowitz an overpowering thrill of seeing the 
female nude such as to prevent him from seeing the 
issues from a woman's viewpoint?" 
A. 
I think she also called me Mengele in the 
article. She compared me to Mengele, the nazi 
dipping in private areas, but I do not believe that 
anybody has the right to be nude or topless in 
public. I turned down her case. I never met her. 
She wrote to me, and I wrote back turning down her 
case. 
And she just went on a rampage against me. 
As far as I know, she's never met me. She's never 
seen me. And she has just written, I remember, and 
attacked me. She went on the radio and attacked me 
all because I refused to represent her walking 
topless through the city. 
Q. 
Okay. And part of that rampage was her 
understanding of your "eager response to naked women 
killer. She was furious that I wouldn't take her 
case because she wanted to walk topless down the 
middle of the city in the middle of the street, and 
I don't believe in that. 
I had represented the nude beach in Truro, 
Massachusetts, where people want to go skinny 
EFTA01138181
--- PAGE 23 ---
804 
could be compared with that of a little boy let 
loose in a candy store"? 
A. 
She doesn't know me. That was something 
she just made up. 
MR. SCOTT: I need a ruling on relevancy. 
But, I mean, reading statements from people 
from articles and asking him about them is 
totally irrelevant. Goes to nothing in this 
case. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Ask your 
I'm 
hoping that you're going to tie this up to 
something. 
MR. EDWARDS: Sure. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Can you 
well, let's go back first. 
Can you provide me the articles -- all of 
the articles on Paul Cassell that you have testified 
about today? 
A. 
I'm sure I can. 
Q. 
Can you provide them to me now? 
A. 
No. I told you I looked at them a year 
ago. 
Q. 
But it's fair for you to review those 
articles and tell me what is in them, correct? 
A. 
At some point, but I'm not going to do it 
EFTA01138182
--- PAGE 24 ---
805 
right -- I can't do it now. I don't have it in 
front of me. 
Q. 
On your Harvard website, is there a 
compilation of articles which you've written in the 
past? 
A. 
I haven't looked at my website, but I've 
written, I think, over a thousand articles. 
Q. 
At some point in time, did you write for 
Hustler magazine? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Did you publish in Hustler magazine? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
None of your articles were published in 
Hustler magazine? 
A. 
No. I was once called the "asshole of the 
month" by Hustler magazine because I refused to 
represent Mr. Flint, and he had a picture of my face 
coming out of the rectum of a donkey, calling me 
"asshole of the month." But I didn't publish that, 
I assure you. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Tell me that 
we're going to get somewhere with this, because 
this is -- you know, see if we can tie this up 
in some form. 
MR. EDWARDS: Okay. Let me just put on 
EFTA01138183
--- PAGE 25 ---
806 
the record why this is reasonably calculated is 
the statement was made by Mr. Dershowitz that 
he's not the kind of person to have done this. 
THE WITNESS: To have raped a 16-year-old. 
MR. EDWARDS: Our client -- our client has 
described certain things about Mr. Dershowitz, 
and if those certain things that she has 
described are consistent with things that he 
does believe in or has done in the past, then 
that would add credibility to our client. 
THE WITNESS: Would you tell me what your 
client --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on a 
second. 
MR. EDWARDS: I don't have to do that. I 
can just discover on this subject matter. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'm going to let 
you. But the idea that he might have skinny 
dipped with his wife is slightly different. So 
I would -- I mean, I don't see that as 
relevant, but I'm going to let you continue. I 
mean, because it's not my role here to decide 
that. 
But I'm just saying to you that I get 
where you're going. So, proceed through this, 
EFTA01138184
--- PAGE 26 ---
807 
but let's get to -- this is going to be 
forever. I mean, because he's got a thousand 
articles published, you can go through each of 
them and pick out whatever or whatever it is. 
So let's --
MR. EDWARDS: There are two other things 
at issue here. One is at the time that these 
pleadings were placed, what was our -- what was 
Paul Cassell and Brad Edwards' mind state. The 
other thing is Mr. Dershowitz has a claim for 
damages to his sterling reputation. So to the 
degree that there is some damage to reputation 
caused by some other source, then that is 
something else that should be -- we should have 
discovery into. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That's why I'm 
allowing the latitude. 
MR. EDWARDS: Thank you. 
MR. SCOTT: There is certain relevance to 
some of that. I mean, going into a lot of 
these different things is -- you know, it's 
years ago into the past and things like that. 
It's just ridiculous. It's irrelevant. 
And I think you get -- we're going to ask 
you to make a decision on these things as they 
EFTA01138185
--- PAGE 27 ---
808 
come up if this is going on to go on for hour 
after hour asking things over a man's life of 
70-some years. 
THE WITNESS: Seventy-seven. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Ask your next 
question. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Sure. Did you write articles on behalf of 
Penthouse magazine? 
A. 
I was Robert Guccione's lawyer on First 
Amendment issues, and he asked me to do a column 
every month on First Amendment and justice issues, 
and I did that for 25 years, virtually every month 
writing an article on justice and the First 
Amendment. 
Q. 
Have you ever written an article about the 
idea that viewing child pornography should not be a 
crime? 
A. 
I can tell you my position. My position 
is that creating child pornography should be a 
crime, but that viewing -- I think I wrote about 
viewing virtual child pornography; that is, 
contrived images that are not real. And the Supreme 
Court supported me on that position. 
Supreme Court has ruled consistent with my 
EFTA01138186
--- PAGE 28 ---
809 
position that when you have computer-generated 
pictures of children that the focus should be on 
making of the pornography, which is a crime, but not 
on the viewing of the pornography. 
And I have a view, a scientific view that 
I've published about, written many articles about, 
that there is no relationship between the viewing of 
pornography and commission of violent crimes. And I 
have the data to support that. And I think I'm one 
of the leading authorities on that issue. It's an 
academic issue of some considerable interest me. 
Q. 
You're one of the leading authorities on 
the issue that --
A. 
Of the causation -- the relationship 
between viewing pornography and crimes of violence. 
Q. 
Viewing child pornography? 
A. 
I would say in general. I don't know that 
I distinguish between that in the scientific 
research that I've done. 
Q. 
I'm going to go ahead and show you what's 
been marked as Exhibit 27. I'll show it to your 
lawyer first. Ask if you recognize it. 
MR. SIMPSON: Do you have a copy for us? 
MR. EDWARDS: That's my only copy. We'll 
use it --
EFTA01138187
--- PAGE 29 ---
810 
MR. SCOTT: You know, I asked -- I'm going 
to put this on. I asked yesterday to have 
copies of exhibits. 
MR. SCAROLA: I think we do have a copy, 
before you get all exorcized over this. 
MR. SCOTT: By the way --
MR. SCAROLA: I think we do have a copy. 
MR. SCOTT: Okay. And by the way, the 
thing you published from the Bench & Bar, 
it's -- you said it was in the exhibits. It's 
not. 
MR. SCAROLA: I told you if it's not 
there, we'll get it for you. 
MR. SCOTT: Yeah. I'd like it today, if 
you could get it, because that's what you said 
yesterday. 
(Thereupon, marked as Plaintiff 
Exhibit 27.) 
MR. SCAROLA: I said tell us what else you 
need, and we'll get it for you. 
THE WITNESS: So not only is my --
MR. SIMPSON: Wait a minute. Hang on. 
That's the witness's. 
MR. SCOTT: Is this the witness's copy? 
MR. SIMPSON: You can have this one, Tom. 
EFTA01138188
--- PAGE 30 ---
811 
MR. SCOTT: There's some notes on there. 
I don't know if you want them, but --
MR. EDWARDS: I'll take it. 
MR. SCOTT: I think they're your 
questions. I could be wrong. I could have 
handed it to him, it would have probably 
expedited it. 
MR. EDWARDS: I doubt it. 
A. 
Okay. I remember writing this article. 
It grew out of a pro bono case that I did 
representing a student. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Does that article limit the opinion of 
that viewing child pornography or children 
fornicating should not be criminal to virtual child 
pornography? 
A. 
I think I say in the article -- I asked 
the question: But should it be a crime for someone 
who has never and would never molest a child to view 
child pornography? 
I think I raised that question. And I 
talk about the dangers to the values of the 
democracy. I say there is a potential here for a 
real witch hunt. Child molestation is a serious 
problem. The creation of child pornography is also 
EFTA01138189
--- PAGE 31 ---
812 
a serious problem. We don't know whether the 
viewing of child pornography is or is not a serious 
problem, but many people think it is. 
So, I don't think I take a definitive 
view. I am an academic. You're trying not only to 
put my ideas on trial here today, what I've written 
about on trial; you're trying to put my advocacy on 
behalf of defendants on trial, you're putting the 
Sixth Amendment on trial, you're putting the First 
Amendment on trial. You're inviting the American 
Civil Liberties Union, the National Association of 
Criminal Defense Lawyers to intervene in this case, 
because they will not stand by and tolerate an 
academic having his ideas put on trial or an 
advocate -- I was going to say a zealous advocate, 
and I claim that, I am a zealous advocate, putting 
his representation on trial. That is unAmerican. 
That is McCarthyite and is beneath contempt. 
MR. EDWARDS: Object and move to strike. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Denied. Denied. 
Move forward. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is Paul Cassell also an academic? 
A. 
Paul Cassell teaches and uses the 
stationery of law school as part of his --
EFTA01138190
--- PAGE 32 ---
813 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Answer the 
question. 
A. 
He is an academic. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
When was that article that has now been 
marked as 27 written? 
A. 
Copyrighted 2002. 
Q. 
Is 2002 within the relevant time period 
that we've defined in this case? 
A. 
Yes, but I've written articles like this 
as far back as probably as 1967, and I've written 
them probably as recently as the last couple of 
years. I have a book which deals with the subject. 
I have a long Law Review article called "Why 
Pornography?" 
So to focus on that year seems to me as to 
wrench out of context the fact that this has been my 
view. I had a debate with William Buckley about it 
at Harvard University. I had a debate with --
interestingly enough, I had a debate with Ginsberg, 
the poet, in which I took the opposite view in which 
I was very, very tough on child pornography, talking 
about how much I despise it and hate it and think 
it's immoral and improper. 
But just because I think something is 
EFTA01138191
--- PAGE 33 ---
814 
immoral and horrible doesn't mean I necessarily 
think it should be criminal. Unlike some people, I 
don't necessarily associate my personal views of 
conduct with what I think should be illegal or who I 
would represent. 
Q. 
Have you ever had any of your articles 
that you have written removed from your Harvard 
website? 
A. 
Not that I know of. That would be a 
violation of academic freedom. 
Q. 
Is there any reason why the article that 
is now number 27 is, as of February of 2015, no 
longer on your website? 
A. 
I doubt that that's true. I doubt that it 
was removed. I don't think every article 
let me 
tell you, unequivocally, I did not remove it, order 
it to be removed or know it was removed. I doubt it 
was removed. I can't imagine why anybody would ever 
remove any article. I'm very proud of this article. 
Q. 
Is there any explanation for that 
particular article being within the articles on your 
website at some point and later no longer appearing 
on your website? 
A. 
I don't think that's true. And if it is, 
I have no idea how it happened or why it happened. 
EFTA01138192
--- PAGE 34 ---
815 
But there 
me by University of Albany Law School and contains 
in the back all of my articles. I don't know that 
my website does more than have a selection of my 
articles. So I would have to look. But I'm not 
aware of it. I don't handle my website. 
Q. 
Who decides which articles are placed on 
the website and which are taken off of the website? 
A. 
My assistant, Sarah Neely. 
Q. 
Is Sarah Neely somebody who has been 
involved in any aspect of the defense of this 
particular case? 
A. 
She's just my assistant, she's my 
secretary. She does all of my typing and does 
everything that I do. So she's been involved in 
every aspect of my life since she worked for me 
about eight years ago. 
Q. 
Is there anyone other than Sarah Neely who 
would put an article up on the website or remove the 
article from the website? 
It's not something I would ever tolerate being done. 
There isn't a single article I would remove from my 
website. I'm proud of every article I've written. 
And I'm sure you will find many other articles. 
I don't know what my website includes. 
is a book that's been written that honors 
EFTA01138193
--- PAGE 35 ---
816 
A. 
Not that I know of. 
Q. 
And is she permitted to remove any 
articles from the website without your permission? 
A. 
I have no idea. I've never ever read my 
website. I am not a web person. I don't know 
what's on my website. And she also does tweeter or 
Twitter. I have no idea. She circulates some 
articles, she doesn't do anything, I have no control 
over that. And I had nothing to do, nothing, zero, 
with either placing the article or if it was 
removed, removing the article. Zero percent. 
Q. 
Okay. Have you ever called for a complete 
overhaul of rape laws in Massachusetts? 
A. 
One of my academic subjects that I've been 
interested in for many, many years has been the 
definition of rape and the idea of consent. 
And I recently wrote an article calling 
for affirmative consent to be required in all rape 
cases, making the point that it's far better than 
ten consented-to rapes don't -- that ten 
consented-to acts of sexuality do not occur rather 
than even one unconsented-to act of sexuality occur. 
So in other words, I've flipped the 
Blackstonian notion and say it's far, far better 
that voluntary sex not occur in questionable 
EFTA01138194
--- PAGE 36 ---
817 
situations than even one act of unconsented-to sex. 
I'm very much a hawk on the issue of consent and 
want to make sure that no sexual encounter ever 
occurs. And I teach that to my students. And I 
lecture my students about that. I think the laws of 
Massachusetts and the laws of many, many other 
states are in a complete state of messiness, and I 
would be thrilled to have an -- overall rape laws 
all over the county. 
Q. 
Have you included within your request for 
a complete overhaul lowering the age of consent 
considerably? 
A. 
I know I argued in Florida -- we produced 
some data in Florida that the age of consent is 18. 
And, by the way, this all happened way, way after 
the events at issue. But that the average age of 
commencing sex in the state of Florida is well below 
that. And, therefore, there is a substantial 
disparity in California, which has 18, and Florida, 
which has 18, between the actual activities that 
occur -- many, many acts of sexual conduct occur 
between the ages of 17 and 18, but the acts are 
illegal. 
I have for years, basically since the 
Vietnam War when I argued this, said that when you 
EFTA01138195
--- PAGE 37 ---
818 
have tremendous disparity between the law in action 
and the law on the books, that creates disrespect 
for the law. And so what I want to see is a change 
that reflects the actual pattern of sexuality 
community by community, state by state. That's been 
my academic position. 
Q. 
Have you, as far back as 1997, advocated 
for lowering the age of consent to 15, as something 
that would seem like an appropriate compromise, 
given that reasonable people might disagree on 
whether it should be as low as 14? 
A. 
I don't recall that. If you could show me 
what you claim I said, I would be happy to look at 
it. I don't recall that. I do not believe the age 
of consent should be 15. 
Q. 
Okay. Have you ever believed that age of 
consent should be 15? 
A. 
I have no recollection of that. But if 
you could show me what you claim I said, I will be 
happy to look at it and read it in context. 
Q. 
That's not a belief that you have today? 
A. 
That's not a believe that I have today, 
no. 
Q. 
Do you currently have a place at 1500 
Ocean Drive, Miami Beach? 
EFTA01138196
--- PAGE 38 ---
819 
A. 
I do. 
Q. 
And is that near a clothing-optional 
beach? 
A. 
No. Not that I know of. I'm not aware of 
any. 
Q. 
Is there instances where you have seen 
women lying out nude on the beach near your condo? 
MR. SCOTT: You know, really the relevancy 
of this is so strained. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: You really are 
straining the relevancy. But go ahead. It's 
your time. Go ahead. I'm not going to --
A. 
Any human being who is not blind who has 
walked on any part of South Beach has seen a vast, 
vast, vast, vast majority of men and women are 
dressed in totally appropriate bathing suits, and 
occasionally there are some who are not. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you, at your condominium complex, 
earned the reputation as somebody who goes out onto 
the beach anytime there is a nude girl? 
A. 
No. What you're talking about is last 
year my wife ran for the condo board, and she ran 
against another group of people, and they were 
exchanging insults. And one of the women whose 
EFTA01138197
--- PAGE 39 ---
820 
husband was running against or -- Caroline made an 
absurd allegation that everybody -- everybody in the 
condo building not only booed her but virtually 
threw her out of the building. It was a totally, 
totally made-up lie. 
And the fact that you are relying on that 
kind of nonsense really confirms everything I 
thought about you. 
thought about you. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let's move on. 
MR. SCAROLA: Not before we move to strike 
that last comment. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: You know, I 
would normally agree, but I'm going to let it 
stand. Go ahead and move forward. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
that this individual named Wendy Dawson confronted 
your wife and specifically told your wife that 
you're a pervert -- is that something that you 
know --
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
-- to have happened? 
A. 
Let me finish. That happened, and my wife 
told her what she thought of that, and everybody in 
It really confirms everything I 
Okay. Was there a circumstance, then, 
EFTA01138198
--- PAGE 40 ---
821 
the condo, and she is now a completely ostracized 
person. She also claims that I called her a slut. 
And her husband threatened to beat me up. And this 
caused a lot of tension in the building. But I 
think if you ask -- there are 104 tenants in the 
building. I think 103 of them would tell you she's 
a complete nutcase. 
Q. 
Well, did she in response to 
well, did 
you confront her and specifically say, "I'm going to 
ruin your life. You don't know what I'm capable of. 
You're going to be sorry that you said that to my 
wife"? 
A. 
No. 
MR. SCOTT: Can I ask what you are reading 
from? 
MR. EDWARDS: Sure. It's a Miami-Dade 
police report that was made in 2014 by somebody 
at the condominium against Alan Dershowitz. 
A. 
Not somebody at the condominium. This 
woman. 
MR. SCOTT: Can we mark this as an 
exhibit, please. 
A. 
And it was totally ignored, and the police 
said they didn't believe her. 
MR. EDWARDS: Sure. 
EFTA01138199
--- PAGE 41 ---
822 
(Thereupon, marked as Plaintiff 
Exhibit 28.) 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you know that this police report was 
made against you? 
A. 
I think I was told that it was, yeah. You 
know, I also had a report made --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on a 
second. 
A. 
Okay. But I want to illustrate how many 
reports were made against me. I was charged with 
harassing students at Johns Hopkins University 
because I refused to acknowledge that Israel commits 
war crimes. And as a result of my silence on 
whether Israel commits war crimes, I was charged 
with harassing students. Do you want to ask me 
about that as well or other kinds of allegations? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
When did that happen? 
A. 
This happened about three months ago. 
Another Arab group accused -- filed a Bar 
complaint against me at one point because I support 
Israel, I am therefore a war criminal. 
A professor at Ohio University named --
oh, God, I can't remember his name now -- Boyle, I 
EFTA01138200
--- PAGE 42 ---
823 
think, accused me of being a war criminal. 
Do you want to go down the list of things 
that I've been accused of? I acknowledge I am a 
very controversial person. I'm a lightening rod for 
controversy and criticism. That bears nothing on my 
personal conduct and integrity. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Go ahead and 
move forward. 
MR. SCOTT: Did we mark that as an 
exhibit? 
MR. EDWARDS: Twenty-eight. 
MR. SCOTT: Thank you, ma'am. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Are you also familiar with somebody named 
Noam Chomsky? 
A. 
Yes. He was my counselor at Camp Massad 
in 19- -- or counselor in my division at Camp Massad 
in 1948, so I've known him for 67 years. 
Q. 
This is somebody who was voted the world's 
leading public intellectual, whatever that title --
A. 
He wasn't voted. He was named that. 
Nobody voted on it. 
Q. 
And is this somebody who has repeatedly 
and publicly labeled you as a dedicated liar? 
A. 
He and I have had an enormous and public 
EFTA01138201
--- PAGE 43 ---
824 
controversy that's gone on for -- since 1970 when I 
first debated him. And the controversy is well 
known. I've debated him on many occasions, and I 
think beaten him on every such occasion. 
He is a radical anti-American, hard left, 
American hater. Virtual anti-Semite. And we have 
very little respect for each other's views. That's 
in the form of public controversy, yes. But he has 
never pinpointed -- in fact, in a recent debate, I 
gave the students list of ten -- a bunch of things 
that he said, and I challenged the students to 
Google him for accuracy, and I got back dozens and 
dozens of responses saying that clearly he had 
misstated all the facts, and they had checked my 
facts, and my facts were accurately stated. 
Q. 
Can you tell me each of the days during --
between the period of 1999 and 2002 when you were in 
the presence of Jeffrey Epstein? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection. Overly broad, 
asking him to comment about every time he's 
been with someone in three years. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Darren, go ahead 
and make your objection for the record so the 
court reporter can get it. 
EFTA01138202
--- PAGE 44 ---
825 
MR. INDYKE: Objection based upon 
attorney-client, work product, and instruct not 
to answer. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Can you answer 
outside the privilege? 
A. 
I can describe to my memory the times that 
I was in his presence without describing the 
reason 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: The nature --
A. 
-- I was in his presence. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That's fine. Go 
ahead. You can, because the question was --
and go back and read the question so we can get 
your question answered. 
COURT REPORTER: "Can you tell me each of 
the days during -- between the period of 1999 
and 2002 when you were in the presence of 
Jeffrey Epstein?" 
A. 
And that will require a lengthy answer. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Well, he's asked 
the question, and if you can answer it outside 
the privilege, because really all we're talking 
about now is can you tell me the days. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Just the days. 
EFTA01138203
--- PAGE 45 ---
826 
MR. SCOTT: If you can remember. Can you 
remember specific days? 
A. 
I can remember some, yeah. So let me 
first say that I was never with Jeffrey Epstein 
during that relevant time period on his island. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I'm not asking that question. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No, no, no. 
Listen, the question is, "Can you tell me each 
of the days during -- between the period of 
1999 and 2002 when you were in the presence of 
Jeffrey Epstein?" 
MR. SCOTT: He wants specific dates for 
three years. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That is the 
question verbatim, because I'm reading it from 
the transcript. 
A. 
Okay. During that period of time, we had 
lunch at Joe's Stone Crab. We have an entry in the 
calendar, which they have. That was during that 
period of time. It was in Miami Beach. 
My recollection is each summer during that 
period of time, he flew up to Martha's Vineyard and 
spent a part of the day with us at my home on 
Martha's Vineyard with me and my wife and my 
EFTA01138204
--- PAGE 46 ---
827 
children, who were there, with -- at least on one of 
those occasions with Ghislaine, maybe more. 
I think during that period of time, we 
attended a birthday party for Lord Evelyn Rothschild 
at which Prince Andrew was in attendance and Lady 
Rothschild was in attendance. Those are the ones 
that I can think of right now. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Between 1999 and 2002, did you ever visit 
Jeffrey Epstein's home in Manhattan? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
It's possible. I know I visited his 
office. He had an office at -- on Fifth -- Madison 
Avenue, I think, and he would call me periodically 
to come over to the office to discuss a matter and I 
would go to his office. 
I'm trying to remember if I was at his 
home during that period of time. It's very 
possible. But I have no distinct recollection of 
whether I was at his home during that period of time 
or when it might have been. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
How many times have you been to Jeffrey 
Epstein's home in Manhattan? 
EFTA01138205
--- PAGE 47 ---
828 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: During what 
period of time? During the relevant of time, 
or are you expanding it? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Well, to the extent you can tell me, 
between 1999 and 2002, which I think you just told 
me, I'm not sure whether I was there or not, right? 
A. 
I don't -- I'm not sure whether I was 
there or not. 
Q. 
So let's just broaden it, then. How many 
times have you been to Jeffrey Epstein's home in 
Manhattan ever? 
MR. SCOTT: Objection. I think that's 
overly broad. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I'm remembering a time. I think I was at 
a party at his house with Vera Wang and another 
famous designer, and probably a hundred people. I 
think that may have been during that period. 
I would say I've been at his home less 
than a dozen times throughout. Could be a few more 
than that, a few less. But it's in that range. It 
would be, you know, once a year, maybe twice a year. 
It stopped once I finished representing 
EFTA01138206
--- PAGE 48 ---
829 
him. Once I finished representing him, our nature 
of our relationship changed, and I was there only in 
specific connection with particular legal questions 
that he had for me. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
When did you stop representing him? 
A. 
Well, I wouldn't say stop representing 
him. I'm still representing him, but when the case 
was actively over was when he -- we made the plea 
bargain and he went to jail. 
Q. 
Let me make it clear. When is the date 
that you just described as the date when you stopped 
representing him but that was the date when your 
relationship changed and you no longer went to 
Jeffrey Epstein's home? 
A. 
On a social basis. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
MR. SCOTT: Well, I didn't understand the 
question, to be honest with you. If the 
witness did, fine. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: You mixed the 
timeframe. 
Did you understand the question about the 
timeframe he was asking about? 
EFTA01138207
--- PAGE 49 ---
830 
A. 
I think I do, yeah. There came a time 
when we made the deal --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
"The deal" being the nonprosecution 
agreement? 
A. 
The nonprosecution agreement. At that 
point, my relationship with Jeffrey Epstein changed. 
It was no longer primarily a social -- my 
relationship with Jeffrey Epstein fit into three 
categories. I was an acquaintance, an academic 
acquaintance, somebody who I met with him on 
academic matters. On occasion, he would ask my 
advice about legal matters. And that was between 
the time I first met him in the summer of Leslie 
Wexner's 59th birthday, whatever that year is, and 
the time that he told me that he had a legal -- that 
he was 
his 
being investigated by the Palm Beach police. 
So that's phase one. 
Phase two, I'm then primarily involved as 
lawyer between the time the investigation begins 
and the time the deal is struck. 
Once the deal is struck, we get into phase 
three, and during that phase, I rarely see him. 
It's only when he calls me and asks me for advice 
about the case, something about -- I can't get into 
EFTA01138208
--- PAGE 50 ---
831 
what it is. But just general advice about the case. 
I think that's a fair assessment of the three phases 
of my relationship with him. 
Q. 
Just so that I understand when phase two 
ended, is it when the nonprosecution agreement was 
signed in late 2007 or when Jeffrey Epstein pled 
guilty in -- June 30, 2008? 
A. 
I think once the non- --
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same instruction. 
A. 
I think once the nonprosecution agreement 
was reached in theory, once we had a handshake with 
Sloman and with U.S. Attorney, and recall that the 
deal was not only struck with Sloman and the U.S. 
Attorney, but my recollection is it went all the way 
up to Maine Justice in Washington that had 
involvement in the case as well, once this deal was 
struck in principle, my role changed dramatically. 
I did not have a major role in drafting 
the agreement, in implementing the agreement, in the 
civil aspects of the agreement. At that point, my 
relationship changed. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Were you one of the attorneys that was 
communicating directly with Maine Justice? 
A. 
I think I had. 
EFTA01138209
--- PAGE 51 ---
832 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. Adding in any settlement 
conversations objection from yesterday as well. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. So the degree to which -- haven't 
you publicly made statements about what your role 
was on behalf of Jeffrey Epstein with regard to the 
nonprosecution agreement? 
A. 
I don't have any current recollection that 
I made any such statements. I said I thought we 
got -- we negotiated very hard, that it was a very 
tough negotiation. There was a series of 
negotiations first with the State Attorney, then 
with the Assistant U.S. Attorney, and then with the 
head of criminal division and then with the U.S. 
Attorney himself, Maine Justice, and ultimately a 
deal was struck. And I may have described my role. 
Q. 
A deal that you categorized as an arm's 
length --
A. 
Definitely arm's length. 
Q. 
-- negotiation? 
A. 
Yeah, very tough negotiation. 
Q. 
Are you unable to tell me, then, what role 
that you particularly played with respect to that 
deal? 
EFTA01138210
--- PAGE 52 ---
833 
A. 
Yes, I can tell you. 
Q. 
You can or cannot? I can't hear you 
because your hand is in front of your mouth. 
A. 
Well, I need to know whether I'm entitled 
to, but I can --
MR. SIMPSON: Darren? Are you instructing 
him not to answer? 
MR. INDYKE: 
MR. SCAROLA: 
instruction not to 
with an adversary? 
MR. INDYKE: 
Yes. Yes. 
What is the basis of the 
answer about communications 
Settlement conversations, 
settlement discussions. 
MR. SCAROLA: So the privilege that you 
are asserting is a confidential settlement 
discussion privilege that precludes discovery 
of the conversations, correct? 
MR. INDYKE: Correct. 
MR. SCAROLA: And you are instructing 
Mr. Dershowitz not to answer on the basis of 
that assertion? 
MR. INDYKE: Yes, as well as 
attorney-client --
MR. SCAROLA: And as Mr. Dershowitz's 
counsel --
EFTA01138211
--- PAGE 53 ---
834 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Could you speak 
up, Darren, again. 
MR. INDYKE: Yes. And as well as 
attorney-client privilege and work product to 
the 
him 
i8 
extent it requires -- a 
to invade any of those. 
MR. SCAROLA: Well, our position clearly 
that communications with an adversary cannot 
attorney-client privileged communications. 
response requires 
Communications with an adversary cannot be work 
product communications. And we don't 
believe -- we don't believe any valid privilege 
can be asserted to preclude Mr. Dershowitz from 
answering the question about communications 
with an adversary. 
So, I want to know whether in addition to 
the objection that is being asserted on behalf 
of Mr. Epstein, Mr. Dershowitz's counsel is 
instructing Mr. Epstein [sic] not to answer 
those questions. 
MR. SCOTT: Say that again. 
MR. SCAROLA: Yes. We know --
MR. SCOTT: I'm sorry, I was reading an 
exhibit. 
MR. SCAROLA: We know what Mr. Epstein's 
EFTA01138212
--- PAGE 54 ---
835 
position is. I don't believe it to be well 
founded. 
I want to know whether you are instructing 
Mr. Dershowitz that he is not to answer the 
questions; and, if so, the basis of your 
instruction. 
MR. SCOTT: I'm not. He's following the 
instructions of Mr. Epstein's counsel. 
MR. SCAROLA: Well, he's not obliged to 
follow the instructions of Mr. Epstein's 
counsel. 
MR. SCOTT: Well, I think he --
MR. SCAROLA: Those instructions have no 
basis in the law, and our position is they have 
no basis in the law. You are not obliged to 
instruct him not to answer if you believe they 
have no basis in the law. 
MR. SCOTT: I'm taking no position on 
this. 
MR. SCAROLA: Okay. So is he going to 
answer the questions or not? 
MR. SCOTT: He's not going to answer 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on, hang 
on, hang on a second. 
So I would say the following: We can put 
EFTA01138213
--- PAGE 55 ---
836 
this in the category of the issues that have to 
be dealt with subsequent, and I will overrule 
the objection. 
However, I will share that I have had an 
opportunity to read the 11th Circuit opinion, 
and I would suggest that the -- particularly 
the negotiation and the settlement privilege as 
asserted runs contrary to that opinion as I've 
read it. 
So, at least to preserve the privilege for 
now, I'll overrule the objection and place it 
in those -- that set of issues that you will 
have to address later and will reserve. But I 
would suggest to the lawyers --
MR. EDWARDS: Overrule or sustain? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'm going to 
overrule the objection. 
MR. INDYKE: Your Honor, if I may respond. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Go ahead. 
MR. INDYKE: That 11th Circuit decision is 
a decision regarding -- I believe regarding 
federal rules, not Florida rules. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Yeah, I'm aware 
of the distinction. And that's why I'm going 
to allow you not -- I'm going to allow the 
EFTA01138214
--- PAGE 56 ---
837 
witness not to answer and allow that to be 
reserved for later on for the decision around 
the set of privilege issues that have been 
raised in the last day and a half. 
THE WITNESS: Including the privilege 
issue raised by Sigrid McCawley. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. Including -- there are four or five 
privilege issues that have been raised 
throughout the series of this deposition, and I 
want to preserve it for the Plaintiffs so they 
can deal with that either in front of me or in 
front of the judge. And -- after more fully 
briefed. 
THE WITNESS: Your Honor, can we add to 
that the McCawley privilege? 
MR. INDYKE: Your Honor, just one other 
thing for the record. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. Darren, hang on one second. 
MR. INDYKE: Yes, sir. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That is 
either party can raise whatever they want, 
including Ms. McCawley. I'll let that stand on 
its own. 
EFTA01138215
--- PAGE 57 ---
838 
Darren, go ahead. You were going to say 
something. 
MR. INDYKE: The only point I wanted to 
raise in response to Mr. Scarola's point that 
disclosure to an adversary would never be 
privileged is that in any settlement 
communication, the settlement is with an 
adversary. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I understand the 
distinction and I understand Mr. Scarola's 
point. And so since I am going to basically 
move forward with the deposition without having 
the witness provide an answer to the question 
right now, pending a future decision on these 
set of issues, so we can move forward with the 
deposition. 
MS. McCAWLEY: And I just want to state on 
the record that the sanction motions that we 
have relating to the seal that's already been 
granted is set for February 2, so the Court 
will be hearing this issue on that date. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: And that -- I'll 
await Judge Lynch's direction if it impacts 
anything within my role. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Thank you. 
EFTA01138216
--- PAGE 58 ---
839 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I may be able to shortcut a portion of 
this, then, because given that this litigation 
arises out of a pleading filed in the Crime Victims 
Rights Act case and relating to any role that 
Mr. Dershowitz played in the negotiation of the 
nonprosecution agreement, I have a long series of 
questions regarding what exactly he did, what 
exactly he did not do, who exactly he communicated 
with at Maine Justice, the U.S. Attorney's Office, 
meetings that he attended, the positions that he 
took, all of those things, and rather than waste our 
time going through every one of those questions to 
be met this objection, if that's what the objection 
is going to be, I'll skip to another portion. 
Is that what I'm hearing? In terms of are 
we taking that whole section of questions that is 
going to lead to a privilege objection and putting 
it in this basket to take up with the judge and see 
if that's an issue to comment on later? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I would say it 
this way, I can only rule on the question that 
is pending, first of all. 
Second of all, as practical matter, the 
answer is probably yes, considering that the 
EFTA01138217
--- PAGE 59 ---
840 
deposition is not going to conclude today and 
so you're going to have to reset Mr. Dershowitz 
for a time in the future that is likely to be 
after you've received some other guidance on 
these issues. Fair enough? 
MR. EDWARDS: Yes, fair enough. Thank 
you. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: As a 
practical -- you know. 
MR. EDWARDS: Okay. I'll test out a 
couple and see where we are and move on. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: There you go. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Who were the people at Maine Justice that 
you communicated with on behalf of Jeffrey Epstein 
at any stage during the negotiations? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Who were the targets of the 
U.S. Attorney's investigation, as you understood, 
during the negotiation that you participated in on 
behalf of Jeffrey Epstein? 
A. 
Not me. I was not one of them. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
EFTA01138218
--- PAGE 60 ---
841 
instruction. 
A. 
I can tell you one who was -- it's not me. 
MR. SCOTT: He's making an objection. 
MR. EDWARDS: To the extent that he's 
answering that question by excluding anyone, I 
am making the argument right now that he has 
waived any privilege objection whatsoever to 
that question, and I'm asking him now to 
disclose the names of all of the individuals 
who were -- not were not -- were targets of the 
investigation. 
MR. INDYKE: I said Mr. Epstein has not 
waived any objection 
COURT REPORTER: Mr. Indyke, I can't hear 
you. 
MR. INDYKE: I said, I'm sorry, but 
Mr. Epstein has not waived his objection 
despite any statements Mr. Dershowitz may have 
made. 
MR. SCAROLA: And can we assume that on 
all occasions when the instruction is coming 
from Mr. Epstein's counsel that Mr. Epstein 
[sic] is not to answer, that you are joining in 
those objections? 
MR. SCOTT: You know, you've characterized 
EFTA01138219
--- PAGE 61 ---
842 
me twice incorrectly, Mr. Scarola. All I'm 
doing is this: He represents this gentleman. 
This gentleman's lawyer is telling him not to 
answer. Okay? I'm telling him follow that 
lawyer's advice until there is a ruling. 
You put me in a Catch-22. What am I 
supposed to do? Rule on it and say you can 
answer it and overrule this man telling him 
this? 
MR. SCAROLA: Well, there may be 
occasion 
MR. SCOTT: I'm not joining in their 
position. I'm merely saying follow the 
lawyer's instructions until there's a legal 
ruling on February 2nd, and then we'll be glad 
to come back and answer them, depending on what 
Judge Lynch says. That's all I'm saying to 
you. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. Before we go back to 
MR. SCOTT: I've said it twice. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: And there has 
been -- there have been times when I found the 
objection to be -- I overruled the objection, 
and the witness answered regardless. And so we 
EFTA01138220
--- PAGE 62 ---
843 
need to take them one question at a time. You 
can either deal this in the subsequent sitting 
of Mr. Dershowitz or we could do it now. It's 
up to you. 
MR. SCAROLA: Well, let me explain the 
concern that I have and the reason why I want 
the record to be clear in this regard. 
There are -- there is a party that is 
Professor Cassell and there is an attorney, 
General Reyes, who are here from Utah today at 
some considerable expense. And there may very 
well be a motion for sanctions that will 
include a request that expenses associated with 
the retaking of Mr. Dershowitz's deposition be 
assessed against those responsible for having 
raised improper objections requiring the 
continuation of the deposition. 
If you are not joining in what I consider 
to be spurious objections that have no 
reasonable basis, then it would not be 
appropriate to seek sanctions against you. But 
if you are joining in those objections, then it 
would be appropriate to seek sanctions in the 
form of costs. 
I'm only trying to make sure that the 
EFTA01138221
--- PAGE 63 ---
844 
record is clear as to whether you are joining 
in the objections or you are aren't joining in 
the objections. 
MR. SCOTT: I thought I had made that 
clear before, and I've now made it clear a 
second time. 
MR. SCAROLA: That is that you are not 
lawyer, then we -- I don't think there's an 
assumption that could be made one way or 
another that they're joining or not. 
MR. SCAROLA: Well, the problem is that 
the witness is not responding to the question. 
THE WITNESS: That's a lie. I'm 
responding to every question that the special 
master has asked me to respond to. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Guys, guys, let 
me stop you. I understand the Catch-22. I 
understand that this issue should be flushed 
joining in the objections? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let me stop you. 
The way people make objections, Mr. Scarola, as 
you understand it, and I understand it, and 
everybody in the room, is when any lawyer 
objects, they put it on the record. If there 
is not an objection made by a particular 
EFTA01138222
--- PAGE 64 ---
845 
out at a hearing, likely in front of Judge 
Lynch, and then we'll get clarity on this 
issue. 
I will also suggest to the parties that 
from where I sit, you've asked me to come in as 
special master. I appreciate the delicacies of 
the issue of the privileged communication, 
however it is asserted, whatever privilege 
particularly is being asserted, and I want to 
be careful and as considerate as I can. 
And so -- but unlike you, I have not lived 
with this case. And so I'm trying to make the 
best calls I can and also preserve the record 
for you to take up at a later hearing where 
these issues can get flushed out either by 
brief and argument in a more fuller fashion. 
MR. SCAROLA: And I apologize if anything 
that I have said suggests that you have done 
anything except properly fulfill your 
responsibilities. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No, no, no. 
MR. SCAROLA: So I want to be clear that 
my purpose is to be sure we have as clear a 
record as possible as to who is asserting which 
objections. 
EFTA01138223
--- PAGE 65 ---
846 
And it's my position that if Mr. Epstein's 
counsel raises an objection that Mr. Scott or 
Mr. Simmons considers to be baseless, then they 
have an obligation to tell their client, this 
is a question that you should answer. 
If they're not telling their client, this 
is a question you should answer, I think it's 
reasonable to assume that they are recognizing 
at least the colorable validity of the 
objection. That's the only point I'm trying to 
make. I made my statement, and we can move on 
from here. 
MR. SCOTT: And I will repeat my position. 
My client has been instructed by the lawyer 
representing a man he continues to represent 
that he should not answer these questions, and 
I believe that he should not answer them until 
the Court gets a ruling. 
And the special master himself has 
indicated that we need to get this resolved and 
it's delicate issues. That's all I'm saying, 
Jack. 
This is going to be done on the 
2nd anyway. You're coming back for another 
depo. We all know that, so let's get it 
EFTA01138224
--- PAGE 66 ---
847 
flushed out, let's get it ruled on, and then we 
can come back and finish it off if the judge 
says that. That's all I'm saying. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: You're going to 
need extra time with him anyway. 
MR. SCOTT: You're putting me in a 
Catch-22. You actually need a rule as a judge. 
I can't do that. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let's understand 
the practicality of it that I'm not so sure 
that you're going to get done today. In fact, 
I'm fairly certain now that you're not. 
Notwithstanding these open issues around 
privilege. 
So, to that extent, let's see if we can 
continue to plow through as best we can. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you. 
MR. EDWARDS: Okay. Thank you. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
You have defined your relationship with 
Jeffrey Epstein using three categories that I wrote 
down as, No. 1, academic; No. 2, lawyer; and No. 3, 
subsequent to nonprosecution agreement, rarely see 
him. 
A. 
Sure. 
EFTA01138225
--- PAGE 67 ---
848 
Q. 
Is it fair -- is a reasonable presumption 
that in the category No. 3, subsequent to Jeffrey 
Epstein pleading guilty and that case resolving, the 
criminal case resolving, that you have not been to 
his New York, Manhattan mansion since then? 
A. 
No, that's not the case. I have been, 
yeah. Yeah. 
Q. 
How many times in category 3, then, have 
you been to Jeffrey Epstein's Manhattan mansion? 
A. 
I would say maybe twice, maybe -- maybe 
twice. Maybe three, in that range. It's been how 
many years now? It's been nine years or eight 
years. Could be a little bit more than that. 
Certainly no more than once a year. Certainly no 
more than that. Probably less than that. 
Q. 
And when you were at Mr. Epstein's 
New York home subsequent to his guilty plea, were 
you there in the capacity as his lawyer discussing 
attorney-client information or were you there in a 
nonlawyer capacity? 
A. 
As a lawyer. 
Q. 
Okay. Was any of your communications with 
Jeffrey Epstein during that period of time we just 
defined non-privileged communications? 
A. 
Yes. 
EFTA01138226
--- PAGE 68 ---
849 
Q. 
Can you share with me the nonprivileged 
communications that you have had with Jeffrey 
Epstein since his guilty plea in June 2008? 
A. 
We discussed the Middle East. There was a 
map on his blackboard that had been drawn in chalk 
by Ehud Barak, who had visited his home, and we 
discussed the potential for how the Middle East 
conflict could be settled. 
Q. 
When was that discussion? 
A. 
Probably six or seven -- six, seven, eight 
years ago, something like that. 
Q. 
So are we talking about 2009, 2010 is this 
discussion? 
A. 
No, I don't remember exactly what year it 
would be. It could be around there. Ehud Barak was 
no longer in office. So we'd have to figure out 
when he was not in office. 
Q. 
Does it help if I can tell you that 
Jeffrey Epstein pled guilty June 30, 2008, was 
confined for a year and then was placed on 
probation? Was it during the time that he was 
supposed to be confined? Was it during the time of 
his probation? Or is it sometime after all of that 
was over? 
A. 
I don't remember. I do remember that he 
EFTA01138227
--- PAGE 69 ---
850 
what this meant and what that meant. But I think we 
may have crossed paths, him going out and me coming 
in. 
MR. SCOTT: At some point, we'd like to 
take a break. 
MR. EDWARDS: I'm just going wrap up on 
this particular meeting, and then we'll take a 
break. 
MR. SCOTT: Okay. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
The time when that you're discussing where 
you and Jeffrey Epstein were reviewing a map, is 
called me to come over for a legal reason. We had a 
legal discussion, and then he showed me the 
blackboard and we had a discussion that was not 
privileged. Had nothing to do with this case. 
Q. 
Was Ehud Barak at his house as well during 
this discussion that you were having with Jeffrey 
Epstein? 
A. 
He had been at his house. I don't recall 
specifically if he was there at the time. We may 
have said hello in passing. I don't recall. 
I think -- I can tell you this. Part of 
the discussion occurred when he was not there 
because we were referring to his map and discussing 
EFTA01138228
--- PAGE 70 ---
851 
this a map that was drawn by Ehud Barak? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
And is this on a blackboard 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
-- that is Jeffrey Epstein's blackboard? 
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
Where in the home is this blockboard 
located? 
A. 
Okay. As you walk into his house, there's 
a little office on the left side. And generally 
I've been called by his secretary, I go and I sit in 
the office, and then she tells me that Jeffrey's 
ready to see me and I walk in through the hallway 
into a dining room. And he's usually sitting at the 
desk in the dining room and there's a waiter person 
sitting there, hovering around. And that was the 
room where this blackboard was. 
And that's where he used to have his 
academic seminars where he would invite Nobel 
Prize-winning scientists and professors and other 
people to have sessions. I didn't attend any of 
those once the -- once the deal been made, once I 
terminated my role as his lawyer. 
Q. 
This visit to Jeffrey Epstein's house 
where you discussed the drawing on the blackboard, 
EFTA01138229
--- PAGE 71 ---
852 
do you know whether Ehud Barak was staying at 
Jeffrey Epstein's house? 
A. 
I don't. I don't. 
Q. 
Do you know whether Ehud Barak, in the 
days just preceding that, had been staying at 
Jeffrey Epstein's house? 
A. 
I don't. I have no idea. 
Q. 
Do you know how long Ehud Barak had been 
at Jeffrey Epstein's house? 
A. 
I don't know that he had been. All I know 
that he had been there for enough time to draw the 
map, and I may have -- I've known him for a long 
time. I may have said hello to him on the way in 
and out. I don't remember that specifically. I 
just remember that he had been there and I had asked 
about the map and we had the conversation. 
MR. EDWARDS: You want to take a break? 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Going off the record. The 
time is 2:22 p.m. 
(Recess was held from 2:22 p.m. until 2:36 p.m.) 
VIDEOGRAPHER: We are back on the record. 
The time is 2:36 p.m. 
MR. EDWARDS: I'm going to go ahead and 
put this on the record that I'm turning over 
the video transcript from the Miami Bench 
EFTA01138230
--- PAGE 72 ---
853 
& Bar. 
MR. SCOTT: Thank you, Mr. Edwards. 
MR. SIMPSON: Thank you. 
A. 
Can I correct one of my answers on the 
record? You asked me if I was aware of a police 
report, and I had no chance to read it. I've now 
had a chance to read it, and it is noncriminal, and 
it says she simply wanted to document the incident. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Were you aware of that? 
A. 
I was not aware of that. 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
And I am now aware of that. It's a 
noncriminal report and she wants it for the record. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Are you 
referring to Exhibit 28? 
MR. EDWARDS: Exhibit 28, which is Miami 
Beach Police Case Report Detail. 
A. 
But not a criminal report. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. Either way, you were not aware of 
that report having been made? 
A. 
No, no, no, I was aware that there was a 
police report being made. I never saw the police 
report. I looked at it now for the first time --
EFTA01138231
--- PAGE 73 ---
854 
Q. 
Understood. 
A. 
-- during the recess. 
Q. 
Okay. Going back to the meeting we were 
just discussing between yourself and Jeffrey Epstein 
in Jeffrey Epstein's home, what year -- what's your 
best approximation for the year that that happened? 
A. 
It would just be a guess. I would --
Q. 
Okay. You don't know? 
A. 
I don't think I know. I could probably 
find out. 
Q. 
Okay. How long you were at Jeffrey 
Epstein's home during that meeting? 
A. 
My general meetings with Jeffrey Epstein 
in the post deal period were about half an hour. 
Q. 
And --
A. 
They were business; in, out, done. 
Q. 
Was there anyone else in the room with you 
and Jeffrey Epstein during this meeting? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
And who was that? 
A. 
There was a wait person who would bring 
coffee and refill my coffee and ask if there was 
anything I needed, and then periodically a secretary 
would come in and hand Jeffrey a note and he would 
look at the note and scribble a note or decide to 
EFTA01138232
--- PAGE 74 ---
855 
make a phone call back. 
Q. 
Do you know the name of the waiter or the 
secretary? 
A. 
Waiter, I never knew the name. The 
secretary, I would know the name if it were given to 
me, but I don't know it offhand. I can describe her 
to you. 
Q. 
Okay. What's the description? 
A. 
She's a very attractive 45-year-old. 
She's been his secretary for quite some time. And 
I'm guessing the age, but it's in that range. Thin, 
blondish hair. 
Q. 
Is it Lesley Groff? 
A. 
It could be. It could be, yes. Probably 
was, yeah. 
Q. 
And did you speak with Lesley Groff while 
you were there? 
A. 
I would usually go in, I would say hi, and 
she'd say Jeffrey's busy, wait. And I would wait in 
the little office. There would be books. I would 
peruse a book. And then she would say, Jeffrey's 
ready to see you, and I would go into his -- he used 
it kind of as an office, an office-dining room area. 
Q. 
Was Lesley Groff also a target of the 
federal criminal investigation? 
EFTA01138233
--- PAGE 75 ---
856 
A. 
Not to my knowledge. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
MR. SIMPSON: Darren? 
MR. INDYKE: Yes. 
MR. SIMPSON: Are you instructing on that 
question? 
MR. INDYKE: I am, on the same basis. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And --
MR. SCOTT: If you have a hard time 
hearing, please speak and let us know, will 
you? Because you got to tell my client what 
your position is so he can understand it before 
he responds. 
MR. INDYKE: I understand. 
MR. EDWARDS: Just so I am clear on what 
privilege is --
MR. INDYKE: I would be objecting on 
several projects, including attorney-client, 
work product, I think probably those two, yes. 
On those two. And I would instruct not to 
answer. 
MR. EDWARDS: As to the question of was 
Lesley Groff also a target of the criminal --
federal investigation, the objection is 
EFTA01138234
--- PAGE 76 ---
857 
attorney-client privilege and the witness is 
being instructed not to answer? 
MR. INDYKE: And work product, because 
Mr. Dershowitz would not have discovered any 
such information unless it was in connection 
with his representation of Jeffrey. 
A. 
And I'm also not sure 
MR. SCOTT: Just --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Is Lesley Groff one of the named 
coconspirators in the nonprosecution agreement that 
is now a public document? 
A. 
I don't remember. I remember only 
I don't remember the other names. I 
remember there were four of them and, of course, I 
was not one of them. 
Q. 
Was there anyone else at the home for this 
meeting you are describing other than yourself, 
Jeffrey Epstein, the waiter whose name you do not 
know, and the secretary who we believe is Lesley 
Groff? 
A. 
There was also a guy, a big guy who I 
think may have been a security guy, because I 
remember he came to the door once and greeted me and 
he looked to me like a security guy. And he was 
EFTA01138235
--- PAGE 77 ---
858 
kind of on the opposite side of where the office 
was, and I would see him from time to time. 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Let me interrupt for one 
second. Professor, could you put your mic on. 
THE WITNESS: Oh, I am so sorry. I 
apologize. 
VIDEOGRAPHER: No problem. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. Do you know the name of this person 
you are describing as security? 
A. 
I don't. 
Q. 
Would you know it if I said it? 
A. 
Try me. 
Q. 
Igor Zinoviev? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
It's not Igor? 
A. 
No, no. And there was also a driver, 
whose name if you give me, I will remember. I think 
it has -- I think it's a Latino name. 
Q. 
Jojo Fontenelle? 
A. 
That's it. I have the ethnicity wrong, 
but it was Jojo, yes. I never knew his last name. 
Q. 
Is Jojo Fontenelle someone that you 
understand worked for Jeffrey Epstein for a very 
long time? 
EFTA01138236
--- PAGE 78 ---
859 
A. 
I don't know for a very long time. I know 
that on occasion when it was raining or something, 
Jeffrey would ask Jojo to drive me back to my house 
or something like that. So I was driven on maybe 
one or two occasions by Jojo somewhere. That's 
really all I know about. 
Q. 
Have you ever talked with Jojo about 
A. 
Of course not. I've never talked to 
anybody about 
until --
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
A. 
-- until these false accusations. 
MR. SCOTT: Is there an objection? 
MR. INDYKE: There is an objection. To 
the extent that response to that question would 
require Alan to disclose anything in connection 
with his representation of Jeffrey Epstein, 
then I would instruct Alan not to answer the 
question. 
MR. SCOTT: So if it's a nonprivileged 
area, please answer it. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: How would a 
conversation with Jojo be privileged? 
MR. INDYKE: It might be privileged if 
Alan is investigating, for example, what Jojo 
EFTA01138237
--- PAGE 79 ---
860 
recalls about 
or something 
like that. I don't know. 
A. 
I had no privileged conversations. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Okay. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
After these allegations were made, haven't 
you already testified as recently as yesterday that 
you did call Jeffrey Epstein? 
A. 
Yes, but I had no contact with Jojo. I 
have no idea whether Jojo still works for him or 
anything. I've not been to his -- I've not had any 
contact with him, no. 
Q. 
When is the first time you met Jojo? 
A. 
I have no idea. 
Q. 
Do you remember if Jojo was working for 
Jeffrey Epstein the first time that you met Jeffrey 
Epstein? 
A. 
I have no idea. I may have seen him three 
times in my life, Jojo. 
Q. 
Okay. We're right now still in what 
you've placed as category No. 3, which would place 
time period of June 2008 through present. 
A. 
I would put it a little back further than 
2008. Probably at the time the handshake deal was 
struck with the U.S. Attorney's Office is when the 
EFTA01138238
--- PAGE 80 ---
861 
nature of my relationship changed. 
Q. 
I'm going to describe some events for you 
just from what I know. 
A. 
Okay. 
Q. 
And only so that you can help me to 
understand when the date actually is. 
A. 
Okay. 
Q. 
Here are the things that I know. In late 
September -- September 27, 2007, the nonprosecution 
agreement is signed. 
A. 
Okay. 
Q. 
In December there's an addendum to it that 
was signed but later not attached. In January 
there's an appeal to CEOS in Washington. So I'm 
wondering 
A. 
In January? 
Q. 
Right. So I'm wondering if it is that 
January 2008 period --
A. 
That's probably pretty close, yeah. 
That's probably pretty close. I would have been 
involved in any appeal. 
Q. 
Okay. Okay. So at least to the last 
point of an appeal -- I call it appeal, for lack of 
a better word, but taking it up to Washington, 
you're involved through whatever that point is? 
EFTA01138239
--- PAGE 81 ---
862 
A. 
Yeah. I mean, my role is primarily to 
provide legal work. I did the legal part of 
everything. I wrote the law part of all the briefs. 
I was not in charge of the factual investigation. 
That's not my expertise. My expertise is on 
statutory construction, constitutional law and 
precedence, and I wrote all the parts of all the 
pleadings pretty much that dealt with any of those 
issues. 
Q. 
Don't you agree, though, that you made 
presentations to the State Attorney's Office and 
perhaps others about some of the underlying facts 
for the victims and their credibility? 
A. 
At the first phase when it was just me and 
local lawyers, and it was regarded as --
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Sorry, guys, I 
just got back to my desk. Are we talking about 
discussion with the U.S. Attorney's Office, 
with the U.S. Attorney? 
MR. SCOTT: No. I don't know if we are or 
not. 
MR. INDYKE: Can you repeat the question, 
please. 
MR. EDWARDS: Sure. The statement was 
made that he was only involved -- at least my 
EFTA01138240
--- PAGE 82 ---
863 
understanding of the comment was that he was 
only involved in the legal aspects of it, and 
so --
THE WITNESS: I said primarily involved. 
MR. EDWARDS: So my question was, wouldn't 
you agree that at some point in time, you met 
with the State Attorney's Office and discussed 
with them the factual background of some of the 
victims? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection regarding work 
product and also regarding settlement 
communications. And instruct not to answer. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. And I assume at this point in time, 
we're going along with that instruction? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I don't 
I 
don't -- based on the question, I'm not so sure 
he could answer the question outside of the 
privileged information that's being claimed, so 
yeah. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. In addition to the one occasion 
that you've already described for us, in phase 
three, which we've described as sometime in 2008 
through present, what is the other -- what is the 
EFTA01138241
--- PAGE 83 ---
864 
next time that you were at Jeffrey Epstein's home in 
Manhattan? 
A. 
There were just a couple of times when I 
would get a phone call and be asked to come over to 
discuss a legal issue, and I did. But I can't give 
you times and dates. I might be able to check them. 
I might have kept time records, although I don't 
think I was billing him at that time. But I might 
have time records. 
Q. 
Within -- after January of 2015 when you 
contacted Jeffrey Epstein, that was in response to 
the allegations that were made against you, right? 
A. 
He contacted -- to my recollection, he 
contacted me. What happened is I first got a phone 
call from one of his lawyers. And then I got a 
phone call from him. 
Q. 
And your discussions, so that I'm 
understanding, with Jeffrey Epstein at that time, 
the purpose of those discussions was for you to 
gather information from him to assist you in the 
defense of the allegations against you? 
A. 
In part. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Common interest. 
And instruct not to answer. 
EFTA01138242
--- PAGE 84 ---
865 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I'm -- just so that I'm clear, the 
objection may stand, but just so that I'm clear, I'm 
talking about a circumstance where you are the 
client, not you were the lawyer. And I want to know 
what the communications are between you and Jeffrey 
Epstein where you are the client asking him 
information for the purposes of defending yourself 
against the allegation. 
A. 
I was always both the lawyer and the 
client. I think I already said that. 
MR. INDYKE: The objection stands. 
A. 
I was always both the lawyer and the 
client. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Common interest, 
attorney-client and work product. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Can you tell me any other times in phase 3 
of your relationship with Jeffrey Epstein, as 
previously defined, when you had -- when you met 
with Jeffrey Epstein at his New York home and 
discussed any other nonprivileged information? 
A. 
I can't think of any other nonprivileged 
discussion. 
Q. 
Are there any other people who were 
EFTA01138243
--- PAGE 85 ---
866 
present at Jeffrey Epstein's home when you were 
having any of your privileged discussions? 
A. 
Waiter, secretary, security, staff. 
Q. 
Where was the staff at the times when you 
were having these privileged discussions with 
Jeffrey Epstein? 
A. 
In their various places. The security 
person in his place, the secretary in her place, and 
a waiter walking in and out. We generally stopped 
any substantive discussion when the waiter or the 
waitress, the waitperson was pouring my coffee. 
Q. 
Was 
or 
or 
Ghislaine Maxwell in the home at any of these times 
during phase 3 of your relationship with Jeffrey 
Epstein? 
A. 
Not that I recall. 
Q. 
Were any of Jeffrey Epstein's girlfriends 
in the home during that time? 
A. 
Not that I recall. 
Q. 
What would we describe as the 
or what 
would we define as the time period of phase 1 of 
your relationship with Jeffrey Epstein? 
A. 
From August of the year that Leslie Wexner 
turned 59 -- let's see, he's a year older than I am, 
and I would have turned 59 in 2007 -- so this is 
EFTA01138244
--- PAGE 86 ---
867 
probably the summer of 2006. 
Q. 
Ninety-six? 
A. 
Ninety-six. 
Q. 
I'm with you. I'm keeping track of the 
math. 
A. 
Put back a decade. Ninety-six, so it was 
probably the summer of '96, and he came to the 
Vineyard at the suggestion -- to visit a number of 
people, but visited with me at the suggestion of 
Lady Rothschild, whose name was then Lynn Forester. 
Q. 
Is Lynn Forester still a friend of Jeffrey 
Epstein? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Was Lynn Forester then in 1996 a friend of 
Jeffrey Epstein? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Do you have insight into the reason why 
Lynn Forester is no longer a friend of Jeffrey 
Epstein? 
MR. SIMPSON: Darren. 
A. 
I'm waiting for an objection. If none 
comes --
MR. INDYKE: I'm sorry. Can you repeat 
the question? Restate the question, please. 
MR. EDWARDS: I'm asking the witness for 
EFTA01138245
--- PAGE 87 ---
868 
the reason why Lynn Forester and Jeffrey 
Epstein are no longer friends. 
MR. INDYKE: Oh. Objection on the basis 
of attorney-client, work product. And I 
instruct him not to answer. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you talked to Lynn Forester or anyone 
other than Jeffrey Epstein about the reason why Lynn 
Forester and Jeffrey Epstein are no longer friends? 
MR. SCOTT: If it's nonprivileged, please 
answer. 
A. 
Yeah, I have spoken to Lynn Forester about 
a number of subjects. I don't recall speaking to 
her about that subject. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you have the ability to answer the 
question as to why Lynn Forester and Jeffrey Epstein 
are no longer friends outside of privileged 
information? 
A. 
No, I do not, no. 
Q. 
And you've told me 
MR. INDYKE: Hello? 
MR. EDWARDS: There's no question pending 
yet. 
MR. INDYKE: Sorry. 
EFTA01138246
--- PAGE 88 ---
869 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And you've told me of some nonprivileged 
communication that you've had with Jeffrey Epstein 
and, obviously, you can't tell me of privileged 
communication you've had with Jeffrey Epstein 
because it relates to your acting as Jeffrey 
Epstein's attorney when that communication was had. 
So am I correct in understanding that the 
information that would give you the ability to 
answer the question why Lynn Forester is no longer 
friendly with Jeffrey Epstein is privileged 
communication? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
The first time that you met Jeffrey 
Epstein, was that in Martha's Vineyard? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Was that at your place at Martha's 
Vineyard? 
A. 
Yes. He came to my house on Martha's 
Vineyard. 
Q. 
And who did he come with the first time? 
A. 
Ghislaine Maxwell. 
Q. 
What did you understand at that point in 
time for Ghislaine Maxwell's role to be in Jeffrey 
Epstein's life? 
EFTA01138247
--- PAGE 89 ---
870 
A. 
I thought she was his girlfriend. That 
was my assumption at the time. 
Q. 
Was your assumption wrong? 
A. 
I don't know. 
Q. 
Okay. The way that you said it, I thought 
maybe --
A. 
No. I don't -- I never -- they didn't 
hold hands. 
Q. 
There is nothing since that date that's 
changed the assumption that you had at that time, 
which is that she was his girlfriend in 1996? 
MR. INDYKE: Objection --
A. 
Nothing on privilege. 
MR. INDYKE: -- based upon 
attorney-client, work product, common interest. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Was anybody else with Jeffrey Epstein and 
Ghislaine Maxwell on this first visit to Martha's 
Vineyard? 
A. 
His pilots. 
Q. 
Who were they? 
A. 
I don't know. 
Q. 
Do you know Larry Visosky? 
A. 
I remember meeting a pilot named Larry. 
Q. 
Other than his pilots, anybody else? 
EFTA01138248
--- PAGE 90 ---
871 
A. 
No. None that I know of. He came to my 
house. They had a car at the airport. They took 
the car back to the airport, my recollection, maybe 
took a cab, I don't remember, but I know he was 
visiting other people. So I don't know whether he 
did or didn't have anybody else with him. But when 
they came to my house, it was just him and 
Ghislaine. 
Q. 
Okay. I'm going to go back to this, but I 
wanted to get something before we finished today, 
which is can you provide me all the telephone 
numbers that you used to call -- not on your end --
that you called to reach Jeffrey Epstein in phase 1; 
that is, prior to your representation of Jeffrey 
Epstein in the 2005 investigation? 
A. 
I will check to see. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection to the extent that 
information is privileged, attorney-client 
communication or those times where Alan has 
testified where Jeffrey has asked him for 
specific instances of legal advice. 
A. 
I can tell you this, that early on, like 
the first six months of my relationship with Jeffrey 
Epstein, there was no privilege. That is, probably 
took at least six months before he asked me any 
EFTA01138249
--- PAGE 91 ---
872 
questions that would be legal in nature. 
The first six months, we talked about 
science, we talked about academia, we talked about 
Harvard, we talked about Leslie Wexner, we talked 
about various subjects. 
It was only later on in time that, in 
retrospect, I think back, and I say these are 
questions that were legal in nature and he was 
asking me them as a lawyer friend of his. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. 
MR. INDYKE: Then my objection -- to be 
clear, my objection is to the extent that you 
got that information in communications with him 
during the time where he was seeking legal 
representation on particular questions for you, 
I would object to that information. 
A. 
I understand. That's why I wanted to 
clarify there was a period of time that that wasn't 
true. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And I'm just asking for his actual 
telephone numbers. 
A. 
I'll check. I don't have them --
Q. 
Just so that my record is clear -- my 
EFTA01138250
--- PAGE 92 ---
873 
question is clear for the record, I'm only asking 
for you to provide Jeffrey Epstein's telephone 
numbers that you would call him on during the period 
of time prior to your representation in 2005. 
A. 
Okay. I would say 99 percent of the time, 
he called me. So it was mostly a one-way phone 
situation, but I'm sure I have some numbers that I 
called or called back, yeah. 
Q. 
Did you have his telephone number --
A. 
I had some numbers, yeah, and I can 
provide those if I can find them. 
Q. 
In fact, I think I've seen a piece of your 
journal --
A. 
Probably has the numbers, yeah. 
Q. 
It has all of them blacked out, so is 
there --
A. 
Okay. That's no secret. I can give them 
to you. 
MR. SIMPSON: Just for the record, 
Counsel, anything withheld as privilege would 
be on our privilege log, and counsel will 
address that. 
MR. EDWARDS: Okay. Yeah, I'm not asking 
about anything on the privilege log. 
EFTA01138251
--- PAGE 93 ---
874 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
All phone numbers with -- what would you 
have to do to get me all the phone numbers that you 
had for Jeffrey Epstein? 
A. 
Almost certainly just have my lawyers 
unblank out the pages. 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
I don't keep old phone books. 
Q. 
Did you have 
MR. INDYKE: Would you be using those 
phone numbers for the purpose of publishing 
them? Because I would have an objection to 
that. 
MR. EDWARDS: No. 
MR. INDYKE: Confidential information. 
MR. EDWARDS: I will agree not to publish 
his phone numbers, especially his old phone 
numbers from 1997. 
MR. INDYKE: Thank you. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you have telephone numbers for 
Ghislaine Maxwell? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Did you have a telephone number for 
EFTA01138252
--- PAGE 94 ---
875 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Did you have a direct telephone number for 
A. 
Of course not. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Objection as to 
actually all three to the extent that Alan has 
that information based upon privileged 
information. 
A. 
I don't have the information, so it can't 
be privileged. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you have a telephone number for 
Jeffrey Epstein in Albuquerque? 
A. 
No. There came a point in time -- no, I 
never did, no. No, I don't think I ever did. 
Q. 
Did you have a telephone number for 
Jeffrey Epstein at his residence in the island? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection and same 
request as to confidentiality, if you do. 
A. 
I don't think so. Generally, I recall one 
number, I would call his secretary. I did not --
for example, did not have a cell phone number for 
him. I would call his secretary if I needed him. 
It was very rare that I called. And the secretary 
would then call back. So I did not have numbers for 
EFTA01138253
--- PAGE 95 ---
876 
his various places that I can remember. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Did you have a phone number for Jeffrey 
Epstein's cell phone? 
A. 
I don't think so, no, I don't. Certainly 
during that period, I did not. 
Q. 
When you would call Jeffrey Epstein's 
secretary, what is the name of the secretary or 
secretaries that you would speak to? 
A. 
Don't remember. The Groff person perhaps, 
but I'm not positive. I just don't remember. 
Q. 
Other than Lesley Groff --
A. 
I had a general number and I would call 
that number. It was his business number, and she 
would then arrange to have him call. Jeffrey is not 
available, he'll call back. And then would call 
back. That was the general way in which I got in 
touch with him. 
Q. 
Is Jeffrey Epstein somebody who, 
throughout your relationship, has traveled 
frequently? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
And so did you have a telephone number for 
his airplanes? 
A. 
No, of course not. I didn't have that 
EFTA01138254
--- PAGE 96 ---
877 
kind of a relationship with Jeffrey Epstein. I had 
a one-number generally business number and would I 
call that and then I would get a call back. 
Q. 
Have you seen your -- the entry that 
Jeffrey Epstein had for you in his journal? 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. 
A. 
I looked at all the entries he had 
usually had 25 numbers for everybody. I don't know 
where he would have gotten those or how he used 
them, but he apparently had numbers for everybody. 
Q. 
That's what I was going to ask you --
MR. INDYKE: Objection. Alan, are you 
basing this upon information that you got from 
Jeffrey or from information published by --
A. 
No, information that I got through the 
discovery. 
MR. INDYKE: Okay. Thank you. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you looked at the entry for yourself, 
Alan Dershowitz? 
A. 
Do you have it here? I would like to look 
at it. But I was always amazed by how many numbers 
he had for everybody. 
(Thereupon, marked as Plaintiff 
Exhibit 29.) 
EFTA01138255
--- PAGE 97 ---
878 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I'll show you what's 29. 
A. 
I have to look at that. 
MR. INDYKE: If you're going to ask Alan 
to pinpoint specific numbers, I would ask that 
you not publish them in the deposition, if we 
can figure out a way to do that. A telephone 
number, not a public record or something --
MR. EDWARDS: I'll tell you this, I've 
isolated the page so as not to publish any more 
numbers than necessary. And I would agree, if 
that's something that Mr. Dershowitz wants, 
that this entire page be sealed or protected so 
numbers. But it was a one-way street. I think I 
only had -- I think I only had one of his numbers. 
I used one of his numbers when I wanted to call him. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
And that one number that you had, can you 
as not to unnecessarily disclose private 
information of others. 
A. 
There are some of these numbers that are 
still valid. I notice he has my number, he has my 
wife's number, my wife's car number. I mean -- as 
to everybody, he has just dozen of numbers. He's 
obviously obsessed with keeping everybody's possible 
EFTA01138256
--- PAGE 98 ---
879 
tell me, was that a New York number, a Florida 
number, a Virgin Islands number? 
A. 
New York number. 
Q. 
New York number? 
A. 
Yes, to his office on Madison Avenue. 
Q. 
The only number that you had for Jeffrey 
Epstein that you remember? 
A. 
That's my recollection. I may have had 
others. 
Q. 
That you remember was a New York telephone 
number? 
A. 
New York telephone number, yeah. 
Q. 
Okay. And looking at the exhibit -- have 
you had a chance to review it so I can look at it? 
A. 
Yeah, you can have it. 
Q. 
I think that you made a statement, I just 
want too clarify for the record that he had all 
these numbers for everybody? 
A. 
Apparently, yeah. 
Q. 
But if we look at this page, let's just be 
fair and accurate, he doesn't have a lot of numbers 
for everybody, does he? 
A. 
He has a lot of numbers for Jimmy Kane, I 
notice. He has --
Q. 
For instance, let's say for Katherine 
EFTA01138257
--- PAGE 99 ---
880 
Dervy [phonetic)? 
MR. SCAROLA: Do you want another copy? 
A. 
I have no idea who she is 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I'm not asking you to identify who any of 
these people are. I just want the characterization 
of the number of numbers that Mr. Epstein has for 
people just to be correct. 
A. 
I imagine it would depend on how many 
numbers people have. I have an office, I have three 
homes, I have -- you know, so he would have more 
numbers for me. If he has somebody who he buys eggs 
from, they might have just a home number and another 
number. 
So my feeling is that Jeffrey had 
everybody's number that he possibly could get, 
that -- reviewing the whole thing, that's 
impression I certainly got. 
Q. 
Well, am I correct in 
the 
presuming you would 
have no idea, at least outside of privilege, how 
Jeffrey Epstein obtained the telephone numbers of 
anyone else in the book other than perhaps yourself? 
A. 
Well, I know that he called -- at some 
point, called my secretary -- his secretary called 
my secretary and said, I want all of his numbers, so 
EFTA01138258
--- PAGE 100 ---
881 
we got -- he probably did that to everybody. He 
called assistants and secretaries and got 
everybody's numbers. I mean, I don't do that. He 
did that. 
Q. 
When did Jeffrey Epstein have his 
secretary call your secretary to get all of your 
numbers? 
A. 
I have no idea. 
Q. 
Did he do it multiple times? 
A. 
I have no idea. 
Q. 
Do you know how he got the number for your 
car? 
A. 
He asked for it from my office, and I'm 
sure they gave it to him. 
Q. 
Do you see the entry 
MR. SIMPSON: Object on relevance. And 
we're into our fourth day. This is one reason 
we're into our fourth day, so I just object. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Overruled. 
A. 
Go ahead. What's --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Do you see that one of your numbers is 
listed as all zeros? Do you know what that means? 
A. 
The bottom one? 
Q. 
Second to last. 
EFTA01138259
--- PAGE 101 ---
882 
A. 
Second to last, all zeros. I doubt that 
that's a number. 
Q. 
When Jeffrey Epstein calls, does his 
number ever come up all zeros? 
A. 
I have no idea. I have no idea. I think 
I do recall that when he calls, at least sometimes, 
the number is blocked, so I can't call back. 
a 
Q. 
Sometimes doesn't it show on the screen as 
all zeros? 
A. 
I don't know. That's not familiar to me, 
but maybe. 
Q. 
Okay. But either way, for him slating an 
entry for you of all zeros, that is meaningless to 
you? 
A. 
For him what? 
Q. 
Him putting an entry for you as all zeros, 
that's meaningless to you? 
A. 
Probably means he doesn't want me to have 
his numbers to return. Probably means he's not a 
close enough friend that he's willing to have me 
have his number in return that he wants me to call 
him back, but that's just a surmise. 
Q. 
Okay. After the Martha's Vineyard 
meeting, when is the next encounter that you had 
with Jeffrey Epstein? 
EFTA01138260
--- PAGE 102 ---
883 
A. 
When he asked me to fly with him to New 
Albany outside of Columbus to celebrate Leslie 
Wexner's 59th birthday with President Shimon Peres 
of Israel, Senator John Glenn, Mr. Taubman of 
Sotheby's, Leslie Wexner, Jeffrey Epstein, and maybe 
one or two other men. And we sat around his table 
and had a very intellectual dinner, he showed us his 
art collection. And then we flew home. 
Q. 
Where was that? 
A. 
I said New Albany, Ohio, right outside of 
Columbus. 
Q. 
This was at Les Wexner's place? 
A. 
That's right. 
Q. 
What did you understand the relationship 
of Les Wexner and Jeffrey Epstein at that time? 
A. 
My understanding was that Jeffrey Epstein 
was Leslie Wexner's financial advisor. He also had 
a home -- Jeffrey Epstein had a home on the property 
that at least he used. I assumed it was his, but 
I'm not positive. 
Q. 
Did Jeffrey Epstein ever recruit girls for 
Victoria's Secret? 
A. 
I have no idea. 
MR. INDYKE: Objection. To the extent to 
the response to that information might require 
EFTA01138261
--- PAGE 103 ---
884 
Alan to invade the attorney-client privilege, 
work product privilege, common interest 
privilege, I instruct him not to answer. 
A. 
I have no idea. I don't know. 
MR. SCOTT: His answer is he doesn't know. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
How is Les Wexner associated with 
himself out as a recruiter for Victoria's Secret to 
sexually assault women? 
A. 
Absolutely not. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Have you seen a police report to that 
effect? 
A. 
No. This is the first -- literally right 
now is the first I've heard of it. 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
Victoria's Secret? 
A. 
I think he's the CEO. Certainly the 
owner -- the general -- I don't know if it's a 
public company or private company, but he is the 
guy, he's the guy who runs it. 
Q. 
Were you ever aware of any allegation 
against Jeffrey Epstein of using -- of holding 
EFTA01138262
--- PAGE 104 ---
885 
instruction. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. So, you never represented him in 
connection with any such claim; is that right? 
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same 
instruction. 
A. 
I have no recollection. It's possible, 
but I have no recollection. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Just so you know, I'm not saying that you 
did. I'm just making sure it's not privileged. 
A. 
I have no recollection, yeah. 
(Thereupon, marked as Plaintiff 
Exhibit 30.) 
MR. EDWARDS: I'll go ahead and mark this 
as Exhibit 30. 
MR. SCOTT: What are we looking at? Do 
you have a copy? No, you don't. 
MR. EDWARDS: You don't want a copy? 
MR. SCOTT: Do you have a copy? 
MR. EDWARDS: Yeah, I have a copy. 
MR. SCOTT: Thank you. 
MR. SIMPSON: Can we have it? 
MR. EDWARDS: You can have it. 
MR. SCOTT: Oh, I'm not that --
EFTA01138263
--- PAGE 105 ---
886 
MR. EDWARDS: Cheer up. 
MR. SCOTT: I'm just -- I'm in a great 
mood. 
MR. SCAROLA: Closer we get to 3:30. 
MR. SCOTT: Mr. Scarola, we finally agree 
on something. 
MR. SCAROLA: I knew we would. 
A. 
Can we have a date on this? 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
There is a date on it. It's, I believe, 
May of 1997. 
A. 
May of 1997, before any of these things. 
I've never ever heard of any such allegation being 
made against Jeffrey Epstein. He certainly never 
discussed it with me or mentioned it to me. 
Q. 
Okay. So you did not represent him in 
connection with that allegation, correct? 
A. 
I don't think so. 
Q. 
Okay. When is the next encounter that you 
had after the meeting in Georgia with Jeffrey 
Epstein? 
A. 
It wasn't Georgia; it was New Albany, 
Ohio. 
Q. 
Oh, sorry. I thought you said Georgia. 
A. 
I did. I then corrected it to Ohio. 
EFTA01138264
--- PAGE 106 ---
887 
I think the next one was when he invited 
me and my nephew, Adam Dershowitz, who was then an 
applicant for the space program, he was trying to be 
an astronaut, graduated MIT in robotics and 
aeronautics, and Jeffrey invited me and him to go to 
the launch of one of the space shuttles. And he 
flew us on his airplane along with an art dealer, a 
woman who was the art dealer's significant other, a 
number of other people, and we flew to -- I think we 
flew into one of the airports, maybe the Palm Beach 
airport, in the big plane. 
And then -- maybe 
I'm not sure. We may 
have flown directly to Cape Canaveral airport or 
something like that. We spent two nights at that 
point -- we spent one night and then part of another 
night, because we had to get up very early in the 
morning. The launch was 4:00 a.m. in the morning. 
So I think we spent two nights, one and-a-half 
nights, my nephew and I, I think we shared a 
bedroom, at Jeffrey's house. We went to the launch 
and then we left. We flew back commercially. 
Q. 
And when was that? 
A. 
You can check out when the launch was. 
But it was, my recollection, around 19, I don't 
know, '97, '98, '99. Early in my relationship with 
EFTA01138265
--- PAGE 107 ---
888 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
Q. 
And who else was at Jeffrey Epstein's home 
when you stayed the night on this occasion? 
A. 
I think the art dealer was there. 
Q. 
Who is that? 
A. 
I don't remember his name. 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
I don't remember anybody else. We met 
with Mr. Golden, who is the director of the space 
program. And --
Q. 
Was Ghislaine Maxwell there? 
A. 
I don't remember her being there. 
Q. 
Okay. When is the next time that you were 
in the presence of Jeffrey Epstein? 
A. 
You're talking generally? 
Q. 
Yes, going to go through the chronology. 
A. 
I don't specifically remember, but I can 
tell you that the next time I do remember was when 
he lent his house to us, and my grandson, my 
granddaughter, my wife, my daughter, my son, my 
daughter-in-law, spent five, six days in Jeffrey 
Epstein's house in Palm Beach. But now I think 
about it, Jeffrey Epstein was not there, but his 
staff was there. 
Q. 
Do you know what year that was? 
EFTA01138266
--- PAGE 108 ---
889 
A. 
I think it was Christmas of 1995 -- 2005, 
sorry, 2005. Christmas 2005. Over the Christmas 
vacation or thereabouts, maybe earlier. It was 
probably earlier. 
Q. 
You told me about what I've written down 
as the third time that you met with Jeffrey Epstein, 
which was '97, '98 for the space shuttle. And then 
the next time that you believe you were in Jeffrey 
Epstein's presence was 2005? 
A. 
Oh, I thought you asked about his house. 
I'm sorry. I misunderstood. 
Presence? Oh, I mean, probably a dozen 
times at Harvard during that period of time. He had 
an office in Brattle Square in which he would hold 
seminars. And I would get a call from his 
secretaries saying Jeffrey would like you to come to 
the seminar, it's at 12 to 2 at 1 Brattle Square. 
And I would go to offer critiques to 
papers. Once I presented a paper. People who would 
be there included Larry Summers, the president of 
Harvard; and Henry Rosovsky, the provost of Harvard; 
Steve Kosslyn, the chairman of the psychology 
department; a man named Church who decoded the 
genome; and Stephen J. Gould, the well-known 
paleontologist. 
EFTA01138267
--- PAGE 109 ---
890 
And so we would have those seminars, so I 
met with him periodically at Harvard. 
Q. 
Okay. Have you looked at the flight logs 
for the flight that you mentioned with your wife and 
whoever else went with you to the 
to Cape 
Canaveral? 
A. 
My wife was not with me in Cape Canaveral. 
Q. 
Okay. Your nephew. 
A. 
My nephew was with me, yeah. 
Q. 
Have you looked for that flight on the 
flight log? 
A. 
I have not. It's not within the relevant 
time period, so I haven't looked at it. 
Q. 
Okay. And that's not really my point. 
Have you looked for some of these other flights that 
you've taken on his airplane and not been able to 
find it? 
A. 
No. Absolutely not. That's not the case. 
I've never seen any evidence of any missing logs 
myself, any missing flight logs. 
Q. 
Have you looked for that particular flight 
that you just discussed? 
A. 
No, no because it was outside the 
timeframe. Well outside the timeframe, yeah. 
Q. 
Okay. But only on the topic of whether or 
EFTA01138268
--- PAGE 110 ---
891 
not there are missing logs, have you --
A. 
That's not been something I've focused on. 
I was only looking at whether or not, within the 
timeframe, who was with who on what flights, and I 
saw that 
was on some flights with 
other prominent academics, but never on a flight 
with me. 
Q. 
Do you know who 
was lent 
out to for sex by Jeffrey Epstein? 
MR. INDYKE: Objection based upon 
attorney-client privilege, work product. 
A. 
No, I can tell you outside of the 
privileged information. I can tell you outside of 
the privilege. I can tell you outside of the 
privilege that she has claimed to have had sex on 
numerous occasions with Leslie Wexner, and was told 
by -- by Sigrid McCawley that --
MS. McCAWLEY: I'm going to object to the 
line of questioning. 
MR. SCOTT: Time out. 
A. 
That is from a statement made to me --
MS. McCAWLEY: No, I just want to be clear 
because if we're going to violate the privilege 
again, the order of seal. 
A. 
We are not. 
EFTA01138269
--- PAGE 111 ---
892 
MS. McCAWLEY: I'm going to stop that 
right now because the only conversations I've 
had with you are in the context of settlement 
discussion in this case. 
A. 
It was not a conversation with Sigrid 
McCawley. And please let me answer the question. I 
had a conversation --
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Just so we know what the question is, my 
question is --
A. 
The question is do I know whether she had 
sex --
Q. 
No, it's not. 
MR. SCOTT: Let's just ask the question. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on. And, 
court reporter, please reread the question so 
we understand. 
COURT REPORTER: "Do you know who 
was lent out to for sex by Jeffrey 
Epstein?" 
A. 
And the answer --
MR. SIMPSON: Darren had an objection for 
you. 
A. 
Okay. I understand the instruction, and I 
can answer the question. 
EFTA01138270
--- PAGE 112 ---
893 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
I just want the names of the individuals. 
A. 
I can't just give you that. I can tell 
you that --
Q. 
That's what I'm asking for. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. The question is: Do you know who 
was lent out to for sex by 
Jeffrey Epstein? 
MR. EDWARDS: Right. The names of the 
individuals is all I'm looking for. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: There's an 
objection. Okay. Go ahead. 
A. 
I was told by John Zeiger, who was Leslie 
Wexner's lawyer, that Sigrid McCawley claims that 
her client, 
alleges that she had 
sex with Leslie Wexner on numerous occasions, 
including one -- and she said this, according to 
Mr. Zeiger, very aggressively --
MS. McCAWLEY: This is revealing 
confidential settlement discussions. 
A. 
Between who? 
MS. McCAWLEY: Between -- I'm not going to 
reveal what confidential settlement discussions 
because that breaches a privilege. 
EFTA01138271
--- PAGE 113 ---
894 
he should be entitled to a right to object to 
this before there's a revelation of any 
settlement discussions. 
MR. SCAROLA: I want to know for the 
record that Mr. Dershowitz has chosen to 
disregard the instruction that came from 
Mr. Epstein's counsel. And that 
A. 
No, I haven't. I have said this comes 
outside the privilege. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Stop. Let him 
put his -- on the record. Go ahead. 
MR. SCAROLA: Which is inconsistent with 
the position that Mr. Dershowitz's counsel says 
they were taking, and that is that they were 
So what I'm going to say is that we are 
not entitled here to be revealing any 
settlement discussions that have happened on 
behalf of my client. I'm not going to allow 
there to be testimony as to that. To the 
extent this involves Mr. Wexner's attorneys, 
they are not present at this deposition at this 
moment who you are mentioning, John Zeiger, 
who's not able to object to this line of 
questioning. You've had your client Jeffrey 
Epstein's lawyers on the phone the entire time, 
EFTA01138272
--- PAGE 114 ---
895 
going to respect those objections without 
evaluating whether those objections were or 
were not well founded. Only noting it for the 
record. Doesn't call for any argument or 
discussion. 
MR. SCOTT: I don't agree with you. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. Go ahead, Mr. Scott. 
MR. SCOTT: I don't agree with your 
characterization at all. I totally disagree 
with it. We haven't done anything inconsistent 
with what I've said. 
MR. SCAROLA: Right. What you said is 
you're going to honor the objections that have 
been raised by Epstein's counsel and allow the 
Court to rule on those --
MR. SCOTT: I have said that. 
MR. SCAROLA: -- without independently 
evaluating the validity of those objections. 
MR. SCOTT: Exactly. 
MR. SCAROLA: But now Mr. Epstein [sic] is 
independently evaluating the validity of the 
objection and the instruction and attempting to 
insert information in the record that he knows 
is the subject of an order of the Court. 
EFTA01138273
--- PAGE 115 ---
896 
MR. SCOTT: And my observation is that the 
witness began to answer the question, the 
special master and I both instructed the 
witness not to respond until the question is on 
the record and we can find out what was 
happening. That's all I'm doing. I'm trying 
to preserve 
MR. SCAROLA: And he continued to answer 
anyway. 
MR. SCOTT: Well, I told him twice, and he 
thought -- he believes he has the right to 
answer. I've asked him not to answer until we 
get a position from the special master on this. 
A. 
I'm answering it outside the privilege. 
MR. SCOTT: He's trying to say that it's 
outside that, and he wants to express his 
viewpoint. And I'm saying before he even does 
that, Mr. Scarola, let the special master hear 
what he wants to do. That's all. 
MS. McCAWLEY: I want to add to the 
record. 
MR. SCOTT: Ad I'm trying to preserve 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one 
second. Hang on. Go ahead, Ms. McCawley. 
MS. McCAWLEY: I just wanted to add to the 
EFTA01138274
--- PAGE 116 ---
897 
record that to the extent this is pulling in a 
conversation with Mr. Zeiger, who represents 
Mr. Wexner, that he should be entitled to be 
present for any objections to revelation of 
disclosures of those conversations, the same 
way that Mr. Epstein, who has not appeared in 
this case, has counsel on the phone objecting 
to every single question in this deposition. 
A. 
How does she have standing to raise that? 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Please. So 
let's cut through this. First let me deal with 
what Mr. Scarola had to say. 
My understanding of the objection and 
the -- to the degree that Mr. Epstein's counsel 
objected, it could only be to the privileged 
information that he asserts under whatever 
privilege. 
My understanding of what the witness began 
to answer would be outside of that privilege, 
or nonprivileged information. 
However, Ms. McCawley raises an issue 
based upon a previous order of the Court. Am I 
correct? 
MS. McCAWLEY: Yes. 
THE COURT: And the scope of that order 
EFTA01138275
--- PAGE 117 ---
898 
was? Please share with me. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Right. The scope of the 
order was to seal settlement 
confidential 
settlement discussions. And that's the scope 
of the order. There's still pending a motion 
for sanctions with respect to that, which will 
now be --
THE COURT: Hang on. And, Ms. McCawley, 
you believe that the nature of the answer would 
fall under those settlement discussions and, 
therefore, are subject to the Court's order? 
MS. McCAWLEY: I do. I believe that's a 
possibility, and that Mr. Zeiger should be 
present to the extent that there's going to be 
communication of confidential nature to be able 
to make his objection, if he has one. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Well, I'm not as 
concerned with that. 
Do you want to say anything else? 
MR. SCOTT: No. I am here to abide by 
what you say. I mean, I don't think that the 
order by the Court at this point applies to 
this conversation, but with that said, if 
Mr. Wexler [sic), the attorney, feels like he 
wants to make an objection or something, I'm 
EFTA01138276
--- PAGE 118 ---
899 
not -- you know. I don't know. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: There could be 
lawyers on the phone making all kinds of 
objections. I get that point. But I'm more 
concerned with the scope of the order, which I 
have not seen, and I certainly don't want to 
run the witness into an issue that will 
ultimately be settled up. And I'm -- here is 
where I'm tending to go. 
Since we have open issues with respect to 
the privilege issues that have been raised 
here, and Ms. McCawley in good faith has raised 
this as a potential issue that would be in 
direct contradiction to what she believes is 
already a Court order by Judge Lynch, whether 
the witness agrees or not, that is subject to 
some level of discussion and argument that's 
going to be before Judge Lynch, then I will ask 
the witness to step down on the answer and let 
Ms. McCawley deal with that, if she wishes, in 
front of the Court. 
MR. SCOTT: Okay. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Fair enough? 
MS. McCAWLEY: Thank you. Yes. I do have 
to break. It's almost time for me to leave. I 
EFTA01138277
--- PAGE 119 ---
900 
don't know if you want to finish up a question, 
Brad, but I'm going to need to step out. I'm 
just concerned about stepping out, given the 
nature of where we are. 
MR. EDWARDS: Two more short questions, 
and then we can break. 
A. 
So you don't want me to answer that whole 
other question? 
MR. EDWARDS: It's not that I don't want 
you to. I think that are you being instructed 
not to answer that. So we'll come back to 
that. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Well, 
Ms. McCawley raised an objection which she 
believes is subject to a previous Court order 
which I don't have knowledge of, and so given 
that, and given the caveat that it was 
nonprivileged relative to Mr. Epstein's 
counsel's objection, we'll let that be dealt 
with subsequent since we have to come back 
anyway. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. Is Les Wexner a party to a joint 
defense agreement? 
A. 
No. 
EFTA01138278
--- PAGE 120 ---
901 
Q. 
Okay. That card that we've marked as 26, 
can you just look at the back of it and tell me what 
is the significance of the writing on the back that 
says -- can you read what it says? 
A. 
It says "Scarola unethical e-mail." It's 
a reference to the fact that when Mr. Scarola wrote 
to me and asked me to waive the statute of 
limitations, he engaged in an unethical act by 
writing directly to a counseled client. And my 
understanding of legal ethics is that he was not 
entitled to write to me asking me to waive a statute 
of limitations instead of going through my lawyer. 
And if I was -- I just made a note to 
myself that if I was asked about that again, I would 
make a point that that was one of the reasons that I 
declined to answer a direct e-mail from a lawyer to 
an uncounseled defendant -- to a counseled 
defendant. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: So I can be 
clear with respect to this exhibit that's 
marked 26, the back of it contains handwritten 
[sic] that is yours? 
THE WITNESS: These are my notes that I 
took over lunch. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: That's all I 
EFTA01138279
--- PAGE 121 ---
902 
wanted. 
THE WITNESS: Just to remind myself. 
BY MR. EDWARDS: 
Q. 
Okay. Last question. Outside of 
privilege, inclusive of the potential 
communication -- confidential settlement 
communication privilege that we just discussed, are 
you able to answer the question: Identify the 
individuals that 
was lent out to 
for the purposes of sex by Jeffrey Epstein? 
MR. SCOTT: That's the question that we --
just led to this whole thing that Ms. -- that 
the young lady down at the end, Sigrid, doesn't 
want him to answer. And so you're going to ask 
it again and create this whole issue again 
after he said no? 
MS. McCAWLEY: What I don't want -- to be 
clear, so the record is clear, what I don't 
want him to do is reveal confidential 
settlement communications that are already the 
subject of a Court order. 
MR. SCOTT: But he's indicating --
MS. McCAWLEY: You heard his answer -- let 
me just finish. You heard his implicating me 
and another lawyer in discussions, and what I'm 
EFTA01138280
--- PAGE 122 ---
903 
saying is those are the subject of an order. 
So if he can answer that question without 
revealing that information, he can answer it, 
but he cannot go on the record and reveal 
confidential settlement discussions. 
MR. SCOTT: Can you answer that without 
going to into what the special master does not 
want you to do to preserve the record? 
A. 
Let me think about that. I can say 
that 
MR. SCOTT: Well, wait a minute. Tell you 
what. Let's take a break for a minute. Let me 
talk to him. I promised you that you would 
honor all the privileges, and I don't want to 
go down this road again. So let's take a break 
right now. If that ends up the end of the day, 
I think that's where we're at. 
MR. SCAROLA: Because this is an issue as 
to which Sigrid has an obvious interest, we 
will wait to get the question answered when we 
return. 
MR. SCOTT: I agree with you. I'm trying 
to honor her request, just like I honored this 
lawyer's request. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I think that's 
EFTA01138281
--- PAGE 123 ---
904 
right. Let's go. 
MR. SCOTT: That's what I'm saying. 
A. 
I would like to answer that question, 
obviously. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I realize that. 
MR. SCOTT: Okay. We got that. 
MS. McCAWLEY: And she's only protecting 
herself, not her client. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Okay. Got it. 
MR. SCAROLA: Those are entirely 
MS. McCAWLEY: Ask that be stricken. 
MR. SCAROLA: Those are entirely 
inappropriate comments, and we move that they 
be stricken. They are not responsive to any 
pending question. They are self-serving. They 
are themselves a waiver of privilege. To the 
extent that Mr. Dershowitz has the ability to 
waive any privilege, those kinds of comments 
waive any personal privilege he has. 
MR. SCOTT: We don't agree with that as to 
any waiver. That's it, then. 
MR. SCAROLA: I do have a Motion to 
Strike. 
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: With respect to 
the Motion to Strike by itself, notwithstanding 
EFTA01138282
--- PAGE 124 ---
905 
all the other argument you made, I'm going to 
set that aside, and I will grant the Motion to 
Strike for purposes of that. 
MR. SCOTT: Thank you. 
THE WITNESS: Thank you. 
VIDEOGRAPHER: We're going off the record. 
The time is 3:34 p.m. 
EFTA01138283
--- PAGE 125 ---
906 
CERTIFICATE OF OATH 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF BROWARD 
I, the undersigned authority, certify 
that ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ personally appeared 
before me and was duly sworn on the 13th day of 
January, 2016. 
Signed this 17th day of January, 2016. 
KIMBERLY FONTALVO, RPR, CLR 
Notary Public, State of Florida 
My Commission No. FF 226848 
Expires: 7/12/2019 
EFTA01138284
--- PAGE 126 ---
907 
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF BROWARD 
I, KIMBERLY FONTALVO, Registered 
Professional Reporter, do hereby certify that I 
was authorized to and did stenographically report 
the foregoing videotape continued deposition of 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ; pages 648 through 455; that a 
review of the transcript was requested; and that 
the transcript is a true record of my 
stenographic notes. 
I FURTHER CERTIFY that I am not a 
relative, employee, attorney, or counsel of any 
of the parties, nor am I a relative or employee 
of any of the parties' attorneys or counsel 
connected with the action, nor am I financially 
interested in the action. 
Dated this 14th day of January, 2016. 
KIMBERLY FONTALVO, RPR, CLR 
EFTA01138285
--- PAGE 127 ---
908 
January 17, 2016 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II - Suite 1400 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
BY: THOMAS EMERSON SCOTT, JR., ESQ. 
thomas.scott@csklegal.com 
Re: Bradley Edwards, et al., v. Alan M. Dershowitz 
Please take notice that on the 13th day of January, 
2016, you gave your deposition in the above cause. 
At that time, you did not waive your signature. 
The above-addressed attorney has ordered a copy of 
this transcript and will make arrangements with you 
to read their copy. Please execute the Errata 
Sheet, which can be found at the back of the 
transcript, and have it returned to us for 
distribution to all parties. 
If you do not read and sign the deposition within a 
reasonable amount of time, the original, which has 
already been forwarded to the ordering attorney, may 
be filed with the Clerk of the Court. 
If you wish to waive your signature now, please sign 
your name in the blank at the bottom of this letter 
and return to the address listed below. 
Very truly yours, 
KIMBERLY FONTALVO, RPR, CLR 
Phipps Reporting, Inc. 
1551 Forum Place 
Building 200, Suite E 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
I do hereby waive my signature. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
EFTA01138286
--- PAGE 128 ---
909 
ERRATA SHEET 
DO NOT WRITE ON TRANSCRIPT - ENTER CHANGES HERE 
In Re: BRADLEY EDWARDS, ET AL., V. ALAN M. 
DERSHOWITZ 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
January 13, 2016 
PAGE 
LINE 
CHANGE 
REASON 
Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I have 
read the foregoing document and that the facts 
stated in it are true. 
Date 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
EFTA01138287

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138288.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138288

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138289.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
EFTA01138289

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138290.pdf
----------------------------------------
•00,4,
*  
.1. 
-.4:1*.
tahr 
- 
• 
- 7
"Own 
•-• 
, 
• • 
• *. 
A. 
- 
t • 
- 
- 
•e -Nr
-
'a 
• 
- 
arn - 
• 
• 
- - 
. 
res. 
,
•
-
fi
EFTA01138290

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138291.pdf
----------------------------------------
.0.2•.: 
• 
•••• Al. ......:-. 
, 
• :" in 
.... 
#..  ,- fr
Z 
.1' , 
. 
. 
..". 
-.044 
--t, .......-
 ..r., 
... 
• 
• -,,- . - 
,....: - 
„, 
..-•-••:..-4-- 
„.. . -- 
- --- 
-
- 
........ -.N. 
-........, • .-- 
- • 
, - - -_— - 
,•,.. 
- 
..1-3,f4c-...c.kra.
-4.-;•, . 
....... 1
• 
'. 
... - 
.-..- ...... FP. .14 ... , 
.- 1 ''t ". • . 
.....‘ 
•.. •• 
. me, ,:nr 
- 
• 4110,.. tri- ,•%lkMni; -; 
tell ••••• 
"k14, - 
,....er 
c...". •i„ i.... • 
- • - -- ..-.1':-.. --n 4-1/4- -.-:7*z. — 
. , 
.2.--- - 
' .3- -..erger • 
c, - 
.. z" ..• .: •'--
,.......: ,-_ .7, .. - 
•!--.. _ .- . -...... 
_ ... 
. 
- 
. . 
f~C
. - 
, 
a 
. 
0. 
. 
• t•-•#*". .1
s.',7•1.,-,•-t-r.;;;, .14:04 '" 
' ..-•,.- 4- .-;'-',1 4.•• 
.....„ 
• 
'.. 
„i- .• 
• 
.# 
.. 
. 
•,...
. fog 
4161,Z •- , -. -..,-, I: 
r • 
.,.` 1.6;•.: 75c. 
4-4 
- 
4,77 191,• .'-' 
-.4 
• 
re. 
r• •••••••; v ile. 
... 217;42! 
•S e, .. 1.2” . 
. 
• 
1. • L t 
,
ar.A.: id  
S 
•S ' 
-' AI a-.  
• . 
e 
, 
' 
• 
,iie• • 
.-.. ...,, „„.... 
.. . 
.•• 
. 
EFTA01138291

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138292.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138292

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138293.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138293

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138294.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138294

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138295.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138295

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138296.pdf
----------------------------------------
,t 
EFTA01138296

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138297.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138297

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138298.pdf
----------------------------------------
••• 
- 
litie 
••• 
- •-: 
••• 
•••• 
Is 
r 
.-et •-• 
• •• 
I b 
I r
"*".
.41.4 
• 
CC; 
• • • 
• — • 
••••• 
• • 
oh W .S' . 
& Y
.... 
• • 
••• 
`Oa
.Wea 
abk‘ 4.4 
- 
ski, 
r 
4inis 
• 
lir -as 
- a 
ahara
a
e 
-4s j2k 
• 
'! 
• 
• • • 
• 
• 
• 
II 
ar. 
••••• 
• 
• 
EFTA01138298

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138299.pdf
----------------------------------------
— 
yanalkategla""aiki. 
- 
.06 
IL. • • 
• 
• MAI. 
Sib 
• 
• 
Y 
G 
• 
a 
M. 
air 
EFTA01138299

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138300.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138300.pdf
----------------------------------------
-r 
I-
ao. 
Or' 
- r 
4a. 
el 
- 
y—e:r
e
-••• 
:WV 
4.4 
EFTA01138300

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138301.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138301.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138301

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138302.pdf
----------------------------------------
,arctestiiti-t2±.  ' ..."•"••••1:94‘ -" -tt
, 
- •-• - • - 
an. 
" 
.1•••••••••••••
••••••••••-
•••-•‘.. 
-. • . 
• • 
• • 
.
• 
• 
• 
• 
♦ter 
:14 
"In •••41
EFTA01138302

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138303.pdf
----------------------------------------
K. 
•• 
ts- 
Ar 
Se • 
At 
-40. 
r 
ear 
.1 
•41.44O. 
-dr 
S'" tige
a': 
sit
• 
ire liatt • 
a 
I
•a
fr r
a 
.aarkeergas. 
. 
. 
f 
• 
" 
-•--rreib‘
e r;S
e• -• -••"1-
•••• • •04
•••
• •aa 
• 
...b 
- •4.0 
S 
4••• 
4.- 
.... 
It
s
de 
SI 
illia 
a 
mai 
.0
.  
....5".. 
. 
ar 
ea 
.....c
 a 
. 
•••• 
Nor 
... 
” 
O
.  
4%,.. 
.. 
-.
S
' ... 
••• t4 
arab, 41; hT.a ten 
a Et 
Lemt, 
• 
• 
a ,
e 
•
EFTA01138303

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138304.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138304

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138305.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138305

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138306.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138306.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138306

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138307.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138307

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138308.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138308.pdf
----------------------------------------
„ 
- 
• 
- • 
. 
. . 
• 
• ' 
• 
• - 
"It• es 
• 
- 
_ 
; e a . 
• 
• 
• 
••• • •••• 
a 
• 
J. 
w. 
• 
' 
• 
a. 
l et 
'PS-a 
-a..
_ 
4* -
"lir 
" • 
--•••scidi reks:.
• 
- 
%
--..„„e
rs• 
pret.-43-
W 
fc 
S 
EFTA01138308

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138309.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Karyna Shuliak 
Subject: Fwd: Privileged and Confidential 
Date: Mon, 18 Jan 2016 20:55:41 +0000 
Attachments: Januaty_11,_2016_Final_Master List_Combo.pdf 
Forwarded messa e 
From: Darren Indyke 
Date: Mon, Jan 18, 2016 at 8:51 AM 
Subject: Privileged and Confidential 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
For when you go to Register at the Stockade again, here is the revised master list. 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
Mobile: 
email: 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - O 2016 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC — All rights reserved. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA01138309
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01138310

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138311.pdf
----------------------------------------
< Requests 
Joel Christie 
Joel Christie 
You and Joel Christie aren't connected on 
Facebook 
'New, Reporter at Daily Mail 
Lives in New York, New York 
4:36 PM 
Hi there. 
I am a reporter with The Daily Mail in 
New York. We have some photos of 
you and some other women at the 
house of Jeffrey Epstein at the 
weekend, and I was hoping to talk to 
you about your relationship with Mr 
Epstein. 
Are you able to reply or call me on 
Or you can reply in here if you like? 
Please let me know 
Thanks 
Joel Christie 
-40 
Ignore 
Accept 
EFTA01138311

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138312.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ICatyna Shuliak 
Subject: Fwd: Privileged and Confidential 
Date: Tue, 19 Jan 2016 00:03:49 +0000 
Attachments: January_11,_2016_Final_Master List_Combo.pdf 
pleae print 
Forwarded messa e 
From: Darren Indyke 
Date: Mon, Jan 18, 2016 at 8:51 AM 
Subject: Privileged and Confidential 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com>
For when you go to Register at the Stockade again, here is the revised master list. 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone 
Telecopier 
Mobile: 
email: 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - O 2016 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC — All rights reserved. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA01138312
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01138313

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138314.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 19 Jan 2016 00:14:45 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_8110.PNG 
Is this f@Sker on drugs? Yes I would love to talk to him!? Seriously. Doing all I can to keep myself under 
control and not tell him exactly what I think. 
EFTA01138314
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01138315
--- PAGE 3 ---
•••• AT&T 
< Requests 
Hi there. 
5:08 PM 
Joel Christie 
,v1essenger 
4:36 PM 
I am a reporter with The Daily 
Mail in New York. We have some 
photos of you and some other 
women at the house of Jeffrey 
Epstein at the weekend, and I 
was hoping to talk to you about 
your relationship with Mr Epstein. 
Are you able to reply or call me 
on 
Or you can reply in here if you 
like? 
Please let me know 
Thanks 
Joel Christie 
Decline 
Reply 
65% MD. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01138316
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01138317

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138318.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: How To Academy < 
To:j <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Harvard Professor's new approach to Gender Equality, Howard Jacobson on Merchant of Venice, 
Understanding India with Sunil Khilnani, Tour Space & Time 
Date:Tue, 19 Jan 2016 10:05:25 +0000 
Spring Programme 
13.04.2016 
Evening event, 6:45pm — 8:00pm 
how to: Achieve Gender Equality in your Organisation. (A major new approach.) 
with Iris Bohnet 
Behavioural economist, at Harvard University, Iris Bohnet joins the how to: Academy 
to explain how you can achieve gender equality in your organisation. 
EFTA01138318
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bohnet will explain the unconscious biases that hold back acceptance of gender 
equality, and demonstrate how it is easier, and cheaper, to enact small changes that 
de-bias the structure of your whole organisation rather than the individuals within it. 
Presenting research-based solutions, Professor Bohnet will hand us the tools we 
need to move the needle in classrooms and boardrooms, in hiring and promotion, 
benefiting businesses, governments, and the lives of millions. 
A MUST for HR DEPARTMENTS, CEOs and EMPLOYEES, we highly recommend 
booking early to hear one of the world's thought-leaders in the achievement of 
gender equality in the workplace.... 
EFTA01138319
--- PAGE 3 ---
Gr 
NEW TALKS 
EFTA01138320
--- PAGE 4 ---
09.03.2016 
how to: Understand India with Sunil Khilnani 
with Sunil Khilnani 
Emperors, philosophers, poets. Bollywood stars and corporate titans, the range of individuals who have 
shaped India is wide. Join us as highly respected author and commentator Sunil Khilnani (presenter of 
BBC Radio 4's Incarnations: India in 50 Lives series) brings to life the stories of Indian's history's pivotal 
personalities. 
Expect to explore Bollywood studios, slum temples, ayurdevic call centres and California communes as 
this talk demonstrates the continued relevance of those who have made India with humour and 
intelligence. 
For a deeper understanding of India's fascinating history. told through the lives of its most interesting 
figures, book now to join Sunil Khilnani at the how to: Academy.... 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138321
--- PAGE 5 ---
a 
EFTA01138322
--- PAGE 6 ---
06.04.2016 
how to: Howard Jacobson on William Shakespeare's Merchant of 
Venice (Retold) 
with Howard Jacobson 
'The most troubling of Shakespeare's plays for anyone. but, (or an English novelist who happens to be 
Jewish, also the most challenging'- Howard Jacobson 
2016 is the the 400th year of Shakespeare's death. To commemorate the occasion. Howard Jacobson has 
reinterpreted The Merchant of Venice in a gripping tale of philanthropy, friendship, plastic surgery and a 
pound of flesh.... What does it mean in the modem world, asks Jacobson in Shylock is My Name, to be a 
father, a Jew, and a merciful human being? 
Join us for an evening with the writer described by Daniel Hahn as 'a very literary man, a very funny. very 
literary man: more specifically ... a very tunny. very literary, Northern Jewish man'. 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138323
--- PAGE 7 ---
a 
EFTA01138324
--- PAGE 8 ---
15.03.2016 
how to: An Evening with Adair Turner: On Money, Credit and Global 
Finance. 
with Adair Turner 
"Sometimes it's better for governments to print more money rather than rescue banks." 
In this talk Adair Turner, the head of the Financial Services Authority in 2008,witl argue against 
conventional wisdom and show why sometimes it's better to print your way out of financial crises. rather 
than shifting debt on to the public. 
Drawing on his new book Between Debt and The Devil, Lord Turner will also demolish the arguments 
behind deregulating the financial industry, showing that most credit is not needed for economic growth but 
rather drives real estate booms and busts, and leads to financial crisis and depression.... 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138325
--- PAGE 9 ---
Gt' 
MEMOIR 
EFTA01138326
--- PAGE 10 ---
09.02.2016 
how to: An Evening with A. A. Gill 
A.A. Gill in conversation with John Mitchinson 
An unmissable evening with A.A.Gill in conversation with John Mitchinson on the occasion of his new book 
POUR ME, A Life, his dark yet laugh-out-loud memoir, which charts the soggy tangle of a shredded life; the 
year between the end of his marriage and the end of his drinking . 
"The one miserly charity of drink is that it strips away memory. You start by forgetting the last hour of 
Saturday night, a name, a conversation, how you lost your shoes, and then, as life begins to tumble like an 
up-ended skier, so the avalanche of forgetting comes and sweeps up the evidence, burying the 
remembrance in a soft white darkness, a roaring silence. After a time you've forgotten more than you can 
remember. For me. out of a decade I have perhaps two years, perhaps three, of remembrances ... There 
is a hope, if not a reliable fact, that this is the best I can muster, this is a retrospective truth gleaned from 
the shards and tesserae. An attempt to reimagine something lost, an emotional archaeology" A.A. Gill 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138327
--- PAGE 11 ---
HISTORY 
EFTA01138328
--- PAGE 12 ---
28.01.2016 
how to: The Romanovs: 1613-1918 
with Simon Sebag Montefiore 
The Romanovs were the most successful dynasty of modern times, ruling a sixth of the world's surface. 
How did one family turn a war-mined principality into the world's greatest empire? And how did they lose it 
all? 
This is the intimate story of twenty tsars and tsarinas. touched by genius and madness, inspired by holy 
autocracy, tainted by remorseless killing and sexual decadence. Montefiore's family chronicle reveals a 
secret world of unlimited power. ruthless empire-building and palace conspiracy, with a global cast of 
tyrants, poets and adventuresses - from Ivan the Terrible to Lenin. Tolstoy to Lincoln, and the Kaiser to 
Queen Victoria. 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138329
--- PAGE 13 ---
a 
EFTA01138330
--- PAGE 14 ---
18.02.2016 
how to: History's People: Tyrants, Heroes, Rebels and Dreamers. 
with Margaret MacMillan 
Who were the great personalities who shaped history? And who were the most astute observers, glorious 
adventurers, and admirable risk-takers of the past? Who really deserves our recognition? 
In this special event for the how to:Academy based on her new book History's People the internationally 
acclaimed historian Margaret MacMillan will present pen-portraits of the historical individuals who she 
believes deserve our recognition and understanding. 
From leaders that have made huge and destructive mistakes, such as Hitler. Stalin and Thatcher. to the 
dreamers, explorers and adventurers who defied the constraints of their own societies. MacMillan will 
deftly unravel the hidden biographies of the people whose voices and actions stand out through the 
complexities of global history. 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138331
--- PAGE 15 ---
SCIENCE 
EFTA01138332
--- PAGE 16 ---
02.03.2016 
how to: A Tour through Space and Time 
with Lawrence Krauss 
A rare appearance in London from one of the world's leading Astrophysicists to talk about the new 
windows on the Universe that have changed virtually everything we think about its makeup and possible 
size, its past, and its future. 
Exploring the new tools we have developed that allow us to explore nature on scales previously 
unimaginable renowned theoretical physicist, bestselling author and unparalleled science communicator 
Lawrence Krauss takes us on a tour through space and time like never before, to the outer reaches of the 
visible universe, to the beginning of time, and possibly, to indirect hints of other universes beyond the 
reach of our telescopes. ... 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138333
--- PAGE 17 ---
LITERATURE 
EFTA01138334
--- PAGE 18 ---
04.02.2016 
Last tickets 
how to: Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness 
with Will Self 
'And this also.' said Marlow suddenly. 'has been one of the dark places of the earth.' 
Thus Charlie Marlow, sitting cross-legged on board the Nellie as dusk falls over the Thames, tells the tale 
of his journey down the Congo and his meeting with the mysterious ivory trader, Kurtz. 
Since its publication in 1899. Joseph Conrad's enigmatic novella has been analysed more than any other 
work of literature, while those who have not read the book will have seen Francis Ford Coppola's famous 
adaptation, Apocalypse Now. 
But what does Conrad mean by comparing London and Africa as places of darkness? What does Kurtz 
mean by his last words, 'The horror, the horror!'? And — most importantly — what does it all mean to Will 
Self? 
Join us for an evening explanation and revelation, as we journey into Conrad's Heart of Darkness. 
Do you see him? Do you see the story? Do you see anything? It seems lam trying to tell you a dream... 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138335
--- PAGE 19 ---
a 
EFTA01138336
--- PAGE 20 ---
02.03.2016 
how to: Virginia Woolf, To The Lighthouse. 
with Deborah Levy 
She felt... how life, from being made up of little separate incidents which one lived one by one, became 
curled and whole like a wave which bore one up with it and threw one down with it. there. with a dash on 
the beach - Virginia Woolf 
Cited by Time magazine as one of the 100 best novels in the English language, To the Lighthouse is as 
startling to readers today as it was when it first appeared in 1927. Written in stream•of•consciousness style 
with very little dialogue and almost no plot, Virginia Woolf explores, through the Ramsay's summer home 
on the Isle the Skye, loss, time, perception, and the relationship between her own parents.... 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138337
--- PAGE 21 ---
it 
BUSINESS & LIFESKILLS 
EFTA01138338
--- PAGE 22 ---
05.02.2016 
how to: Speak in Public 
with Edie Lush 
All of us have to do it —'say a few words" — at one time or another. Most of us are terrified by the thought 
of it. But don't panic. This three-hour workshop will enable you to make fear of your audience a thing of the 
past. 
Does the prospect of addressing a roomful of people leave you weak with terror? Does your mouth dry up 
and your stomach turn over at the invitation to speak? Can you imagine a future in which you can stand up 
and speak to a crowd without feeling like a fool? Make your fear a thing of the past. This practical and 
interactive session is for people who want to appear confident and in control even when they are feeling 
the exact opposite. By exploring concepts of effective communication we will work on your presence and 
your content to ensure that you have command of your impact and come across as engaging, memorable, 
authoritative — and relaxed.... 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138339
--- PAGE 23 ---
a 
EFTA01138340
--- PAGE 24 ---
12.02.2016 
how to: Sell (The art of getting anyone to say yes to anything) 
with Gavin Presman 
Do you sometimes realise that your job relies as much on changing minds, as on your particular specialist 
skill? Do you sometimes struggle to get people to buy what you're selling, whether it's your product, your 
ideas, or even your personality? Have you ever wondered why some people can persuade others 
effortlessly? 
How to: Sell Anything will transform your understanding and approach to selling, using practical and 
effective techniques to increase your influence. It will show you how we alt rely on salesmanship: whether 
you're an account manager or an artist, an entrepreneur or an engineer — the secret of succss is your 
ability to get a yes. 
Combining 15 years of experience in sales and motivation with the latest psychological research into the 
science of influence, this workshop demonstrates how selling is fundamental to our professional and 
personal lives.... 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138341
--- PAGE 25 ---
a 
EFTA01138342
--- PAGE 26 ---
19.02.2016 
how to: Negotiate 
with Gavin Presman 
Do you have to negotiate in your business, family or personal life? Do you sometimes wonder whether you 
are getting the best deal for your business, your family, or yourself? 
How to: Negotiate will teach you the proven strategies and tactics that professionals use to get more from 
every deal. It will show you how applying the simple principles of win/win negotiation will leave you richer in 
every area of your life. 
This powerful workshop will engage and inspire you to take a new look at how you negotiate in all areas of 
your life. Designed following fifteen years of research into the most effective negotiation practice, it will 
equip you to negotiate effectively in 2014 and beyond. Fundamental to the workshop will be the belief that 
most effective negotiators work collaboratively for long term mutual gain, so we won't be learning any short 
term gambits here, just effective and honest strategies that are proven to get results.... 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138343
--- PAGE 27 ---
a 
EFTA01138344
--- PAGE 28 ---
04.03.2016 
how to: Photoshop for the Absolute Beginner 
with Brad Clark 
Photoshop is a super powerful application that can make working with images a pleasure. To the 
newcomer, however, it can be somewhat overwhelming. This session is designed to get you using the 
basic tools of photoshop with confidence and allow you to progress on to learning the more advanced 
features when the need arises. 
1. Understanding the layout of Photoshop 
2. Layers 
3. Blending Modes 
4. Tools 
5. Selecting with magic wand, quick selection tool etc. 
6. Colour Adjustments 
7. Cropping and transformations 
8. Healing/Fixing images 
9. Image Formats — when to use which format. 
10. Saving for Web Use 
11. Type Essentials — typing on a path/shape, warping type etc. 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138345
--- PAGE 29 ---
a 
EFTA01138346
--- PAGE 30 ---
VJ 
11.03.2016 
how to: Understanding Your iPad & iPhone 
with Brad Clark 
You do everything together. You share your most private moments, your most immediate thoughts. you 
cannot bear to be apart. You tell him — or maybe her — everything, but is it a one-way relationship? How 
well do you actually understand your iPad & iPhone? Do you know how capable he is, how many skills he 
actually has, and what a wealth of resources he is harbouring? Do you know how much more he could 
give if you only made the commitment to explore him in depth? 
Give your IPad & iPhone a treat on this bespoke course. But to ensure all your questions are answered, 
some of which may not be covered by the course outline below. feel free either to submit your own 
questions in advance by emailing 
or ask them at the beginning of the 
workshop so that our coach for the morning. Brad Clark, can respond directly, personally, and face-to-face. 
Go on — make your Apple your best friend.... 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138347
--- PAGE 31 ---
a 
EFTA01138348
--- PAGE 32 ---
14.03.2016 
how to: Start a Business (For Women only) 
with Anna Percy-Davis 
Do you have an idea or a product you want to sell? Have you always dreamt of running your own 
business, being the master of your own destiny, running an empire? Do you have a vision of being an 
entrepreneur ? Or is it just that you want to do something that is fun, quirky, different and interesting and 
that is all yours? If so (and you are female!) this workshop is for you! 
This three hour workshop will help you to define your idea, product and unique selling point. From this you 
will create your mission statement and the values underlying it. And then begin to create a workable 
business plan to actually get you started and, if necessary, raise the capital required. 
The workshop will be run by Anna Percy-Davis . Anna is an executive and career coach who works with 
entrepreneurs running both big Corporations and small one-person businesses. Her focus is to help 
individuals be both gutsy and resilient... 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138349
--- PAGE 33 ---
a 
EFTA01138350
--- PAGE 34 ---
PARTNER EVENT 
EFTA01138351
--- PAGE 35 ---
10.02.2016 
Morning event, 7.30am - 9am 
Corinthia Hotel, London, SW1A 2BD 
The Modern City: How to Design for People not Politicians: 
FREE TICKETS (Must be booked through NNN first.) 
with Sadie Morgan, Design Chief, HS2 and Govt Infrastructure Panel Member, Lucy 
Musgrave of the public architecture firm Publica + Vicky Richardson, Head of Architecture, 
Design & Fashion, British Council. Chaired by Harvey Goldsmith CBE 
London is one of the most dynamic cities in the world, and the current Government is committed to 
ensuring that other cities in the "Northern Powerhouse" follow suit. But what does this mean in practice for 
the people who design public spaces and the infrastructure which supports them? Some of the key people 
involved in delivering over £200bn of public projects debate the matter. 
how to: Academy, together with Editorial Intelligence's acclaimed private ideas Conference - Names Not 
Numbers- a conference which Niall Ferguson describes as 'like Davos....with community singing' - is 
delighted to allocate a limited set of free tickets. 
To apply click on the link below using the Promotional Code: Academy. 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01138352
--- PAGE 36 ---
a 
EFTA01138353
--- PAGE 37 ---
2. 
EFTA01138354
--- PAGE 38 ---
Follow on Facebook 
Follow on Twitter 
Copyright © 2016 How To Academy. All rights reserved. 
ou are receiving this email because you opted in our website http://howtoacademy.com and indicated you wished 
receive news about courses and offers. 
Our mailing address Is: 
How To Academy 
Aldridge Road Villas 
London. England W11 1BL 
United Kingdom 
d us to your address book 
how to: unsubscribe 
update subscription preferences 
EFTA01138355
--- PAGE 39 ---
EFTA01138356

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138357.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 06 Nov 2014 02:30:18 +0000 
Inline-Images: FullSizeRender.jpg 
most probably coming with us on Monday:) 
I am taking 
to a really cool private art event on Saturday evening... Should be a really 
great crowd.. 
EFTA01138357
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01138358
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01138359

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138360.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Heather Gray
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Wed, 13 Jan 2016 22:14:22 +0000 
Attachments: 2016-01-12_Complaint.pdf; 2016-01-12_Decl._Exhibit_A.PDF; 2016-01-
Decl. Exhibit_B.PDF; 2016-01-12 Decl. Exhibit_C.PDF; 2016-01- 
Declaration in Support_of Complaint.pi 
Yes, here it is. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailtoleevacation@gmail coml 
Sent: Wednesday, January 13, 2016 4:49 PM 
To: Heather Gray <
M> 
Subject: 
did you get a copy of the gagosain suit? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01138360

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138361.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A 
EFTA01138361
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:16-cv-00214 Document 6-1 Filed 01/12/16 Page 2 of 5 
MAYA WIDMAIER PICASSO 
Quat Voltaire 
75007 Paris 
Gagosian Gallery 
980 Madison Avenue 
New York NY 10021 
Paris, le 12 mai 2015 
FACTURE/INVOICE 
Buste de Femme (Marie-Thérèse) 
1931 
Plâtre original 
Dimensions : 78 x 46 x 48 cm 
(Spies 131) 
Prix Total (US $) : 
(cent cinq millions huit cent mille dollars US) 
$ 105,800,000 
Règlement par virements bancaires (aux coordonnées qui seront communiquées 
par le vendeur) en quatre échéances : 
- le 15 mai 2015 (20%) 
$ 21,160,000 
- le 1er juillet 2015 (30%) 
31,740,000 
- le 1er octobre 2015 (25 %) 
26,450,000 
- le 15 avril 2016 (25 %) 
$ 26,450,000 
Le transfert de propriété et la prise de possession de l'oeuvre par l'acheteur auront 
lieu après le versement de la troisième échéance du prix, à partir du 1er octobre. 
L'oeuvre sera conservée par le vendeur chez Transart à Paris jusqu'à son expédition 
à l'acheteur. Il est indiqué ici que l'oeuvre est assurée à partir de la date de la 
présente facture par Gagosian Gallery; 
EFTA01138362
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:16-cv-00214 Document 6-1 Filed 01/12/16 Page 3 of 5 
EFTA01138363
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:16-cv-00214 Document 6-1 Filed 01/12/16 Page 4 of 5 
MAYA WIDMAIER PICASSO 
Quai Voltaire 
75007 Paris 
Gagosian Gallery 
980 Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10021 
Paris, May 12, 2015 
INVOICE 
Buste de Femme [Bust of a Woman] (Marie-Therese) 
193 I 
Original plaster 
Dimensions: 78 x 46 x 48 cm 
(Spies 131) 
Total Price (USD): 
$105,800,000 
(one hundred and five million eight hundred thousand dollars US) 
Payment by bank transfer (to the contact details that will be communicated by the seller) in four 
installments: 
May 15, 2015 (20%) 
$ 21,160,000 
July 1, 2015 (30%) 
$31,740,000 
October I, 2015 (25%) 
$ 26,450,000 
April 15, 2016 (25%) 
$ 26,450,000 
The transfer of ownership of the work and taking possession thereof by the buyer shall take place 
following payment of the third installment of the price, starting on October I. The work shall be retained 
by the seller at Transart in Paris until it is shipped to the buyer. It is hereby stated that the work is insured 
as of the date of this invoice by Gagosian 
[signature] 
EFTA01138364
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:16-cv-00214 Document 6-1 Filed 01/12/16 Page 5 of 5 
rAd 
TRANSPERFECT 
City of New York, State of New York, County of New York 
I, Alitasha Younger, hereby certify that the document "Picasso - Gagosian Invoice May 
12, 2015" is to the best of my knowledge and belief, a true and accurate translation from 
French into English. 
Alitasha 
ger 
Sworn to before me this 
December 15, 201 
Sign 
e, Notary Pub 
AMY LEONG 
Notary Pubic - State of New York 
No. 01LE6314554 
Qualified in Richmond County 
Commission Ex ires Nov 10 2018 
Stamp, Notary Public 
LANGUAGE AND TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS FOR GLOBAL BUSINESS 
THREE PARK AVENUE, 39TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY 10016 I T 
F 
I WWW.TRANSPERFECT.COM 
OFFICES IN 90 CITIES WORLDWIDE 
EFTA01138365

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138366.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138366.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: DITTO 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Introducing: Paul Smith 
Date: Thu, 06 Nov 2014 07:51:16 +0000 
Web Venatin 
DI Oct free glasses.kam 
T 
more 
DITTO 
logo 
MEN 
WOMEN 
DESIGNERS 
SALE 
Free shipping & 
returns 
EFTA01138366
--- PAGE 2 ---
ima Optique 
Connect with us: 
fac 
pi 
ins 
tw 
go 
Check out our blog: 
bl 
EFTA01138367
--- PAGE 3 ---
South Park. San Francisco. CA. 94107 
Unsubscribc 
Privacy Policy 
EFTA01138368

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138369.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138369

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138370.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138370

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138371.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 14 Jan 2016 09:37:03 +0000 
Attachments: IMG_6566.JPG; IMG_6567.JPG; IMG_6568.JPG 
I just went to the bank in Rome... I just realized I have a serious problem... Zero sense of money. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
, and 
EFTA01138371

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138372.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Pritzker, Tom" <la 
To: "'Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com)th <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 14 Jan 2016 16:59:06 +0000 
OK, I'm in for dinner tomorrow (Friday). Let me know details! 
Looking forward 
t 
The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may contain 
confidential and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure. If you are not the 
intended recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, please 
immediately alert the sender by reply email and then delete this message and any attachments. If you are not the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its 
attachments is strictly prohibited. 
OK, I'm in for dinner tomorrow (Friday). Let me know details! 
Looking forward 
t 
The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may contain 
confidential and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure. If you are not the 
intended recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, please 
immediately alert the sender by reply email and then delete this message and any attachments. If you are not the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its 
attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA01138372

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138373.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn <I 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation“gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Indicative Brazil CDS Unwind Level [C] 
Date: Thu, 14 Jan 2016 18:05:11 +0000 
Inline-Images: ATT00001.gif 
position showed 1,339,493 last night which they claim is mid bid 
bid below appears terrible 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: Indicative Brazil CDS Unwind Level [C] 
Date: January 14, 2016 at 12:50:22 PM EST 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation 
mail.com>
Cc: Daniel Sabba < 
>, Ariane Dw er < 
>, Paul Morris 
< 
>, Stewart Oldfield 
>, Richard Kahn 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey — per Rich's request, please find an indicative level below to unwind your Brazil CDS protection. 
We will follow up with separate emails for (1) GE Bond and (2) JPYKRW. 
DB's bid for your Brazil CDS protection is 445bps p.a. This equals an unwind fee payment by DB of $1,256,044. Recall you 
paid 491,941 to enter the trade. 
Original unofficial trade details: 
BraSov default swap with SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC DB Sells default protection on FEDERATIVE 
REPUBLIC OF BRAZIL 
NOTIONAL 
: USD 10,000,000 
TRADE DATE 
: 13-Jan-2015 
IM% 
: 1 
EFFECTIVE 
: 14-Jan-2015 
TERMINATION 
: 20-Mar-2020 
REF OB 
: BRAZIL 12.25% OF 03/30 ISIN: US105756AL40 
CREDIT EVENTS 
: Failure to Pay, R, Repudiation/Moratorium 
ISDA Definition 
: 2014 
PRICE 
: 205 bps per annum (COUPON: 100 bps per annum) 
UPFRONT FEE 
: DB Receive USD 491,941 
EFTA01138373
--- PAGE 2 ---
STANDARD TRADE 
: Yes 
HARDWIRING 
: \fey-
CLEARING HOUSE 
: 
Trade details: 
i Deal Information 
≥f Spreads 
Reference: 
FEDERATIVE REPUBLIC OF BRAZIL 
Counterparty: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Business days: 
LDN,NYC 
Business days adj: 
Following 
Buy/Sell: 
Sell 
Notional: 
USD 10mm 
Effective date: 
14-Jan-2015 
Maturity date: 
20-Mar-2020 
Day count: 
A/360 
Payment frog: 
Quarterly 
Pay accrued: 
True 
Curve recovery: 
True 
Recovery rate: 
0.25 
Deal rate: 
100 
Calculator 
Valuation date: 
13-Jan-2015 
Cash settled on: 
16-Jan-2015 
Price: 
95.01670000 
Repl sprd: 
205 
Principal: 
498.330.00 
Sprd DV01: 
-4.576.8268824283 
Accrued: 
-6,389.00 
Days: 
Market Val: 
491,941 
IR DV01: 
-129.8125752157 
Curve date: 
13-Jan-2015 
Benchmark: 
USD 
Use flat curve 
Date 
Spread (bps) 
20-Sep-2015 
205.00 
20-Mar-2018 
205.00 
20.Mar-2017 
205.00 
20-Mar-2018 
205.00 
20.Mar-2019 
205.00 
20-Mar-2020 
205.00 
20-Mar-2022 
205.00 
20.Mar-2025 
205.00 
Frequency: 
Day count: 
A/360 
Recovery rate: 
0.4 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Assistant Vice President I Key Client Partners 
Deu 
" ies Inc. 
Tel. 
Mobile-
Email 
All trade execution information contained herein is being provided as an accommodation at your request in advance of your 
receipt of the official trade confirmation(s). Additional trade detail information available upon request. The terms of the 
trade(s) may be subject to change prior to settlement, and therefore the official trade confirmation(s) and account statements 
issued by Deutsche Bank shall govern. Deutsche Bank is not responsible for any discrepancy between the informal 
execution report and the official trade confirmation(s) or account statements. 
EFTA01138374
--- PAGE 3 ---
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01138375

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138376.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Re: Indicative Brazil CDS Unwind Level [C] 
Date: Thu, 14 Jan 2016 18:11:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: ATT00001.gif 
offer it at 1.3 m 
On Thu, Jan 14, 2016 at 1:05 PM, Richard Kahn <a 
position showed 1,339,493 last night which they claim is mid bid 
bid below appears terrible 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Vahe Stepanian < 
Subject: Indicative Brazil CDS Unwind Level [CI 
Date: January 14, 2016 at 12:50:22 PM EST 
To: "jeffrey E." leevacation 
=item> 
Stewart Oldfield 
, Richard Kahn 
, Ariane D 
er 
>, Paul Morris 
Cc: Daniel Sabba 
wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey — per Rich's request, please find an indicative level below to unwind your Brazil CDS protection. 
We will follow up with separate emails for (1) GE Bond and (2) JPYKRW. 
DB's bid for your Brazil CDS protection is 445bps p.a. This equals an unwind fee payment by DB of $1,256,O44. Recall you 
paid 491,941 to enter the trade. 
Original unofficial trade details: 
Brasov default swap with SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC DB Sells default protection on FEDERATIVE 
REPUBLIC OF BRAZIL 
NOTIONAL 
: USD 10,000,000 
TRADE DATE 
: 13-Jan-2015 
EFTA01138376
--- PAGE 2 ---
iM% 
: 1 
EFFECTIVE 
: 14-Jan-2015 
TERMINATION 
: 20-Mar-2020 
REF OB 
: BRAZIL 12.25% OF 03/30 ISIN: US105756AL40 
::REDIT EVENTS 
: Failure to Pay, R, Repudiation/Moratorium 
iSDA Definition 
: 2014 
PRICE 
: 205 bps per annum (COUPON: 100 bps per annum) 
UPFRONT FEE 
: DB Receive USD 491,941 
STANDARD TRADE 
: Yes 
HARDWIRING 
: Yes 
:LEARING HOUSE 
: No 
trade detail:-:: 
i 1:R 
Deal Information 
'Spreads 
Reference: 
FEDERATIVE REPUBLIC OF BRAZIL 
Counterparty: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Business days: 
LDN,NYC 
Business days adj: 
Following 
Buy/Sell: 
Sell 
Notional: 
USD 10mm 
Effective date: 
14-Jan-2015 
Maturity date: 
20-Mar-2020 
Day count: 
A!360 
Payment freq: 
Quarterly 
Pay accrued: 
True 
Curve recovery: 
True 
Recovery rate: 
0.25 
Deal rate: 
100 
Calculator 
Valuation date: 
13-Jan-2015 
Cash settled on: 
16-Jan-2015 
Price: 
95.01670000 
Repl sprd: 
205 
Principal: 
498,330.00 
Sprd DV01: 
-4,576.8268824283 
Accrued: 
-C389.00 
Days: 
Market Val: 
491,941 
IR DV01: 
-129.8125752157 
Curve date: 
13-Jan-2015 
Benchmark: 
USD 
Use flat curve 
Date 
Spread (bps) 
20•Sop-2015 
205.00 
20.Mar-2016 
205.00 
20.41dr-20i7 
205.00 
20.Mar-2018 
205.00 
20-Mar-2019 
205.00 
20-M3r-2020 
205.00 
20-Mar-2022 
205.00 
20-Mar-2025 
205.00 
Frequency: 
Day count: 
A360 
Recovery rate: 
0.4 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Assistant Vice President I Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
EFTA01138377
--- PAGE 3 ---
All trade execution information contained herein is being provided as an accommodation at your request in advance of your 
receipt of the official trade confirmation(s). Additional trade detail information available upon request. The terms of the 
trade(s) may be subject to change prior to settlement, and therefore the official trade confirmation(s) and account statements 
issued by Deutsche Bank shall govern. Deutsche Bank is not responsible for any discrepancy between the informal 
execution report and the official trade confirmation(s) or account statements. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01138378

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138379.pdf
----------------------------------------
No Images Produced
EFTA01138379

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138380.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Inline-Images: 
Ann Rodriquez ctj 
Rich Kahn  
"Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
PR: HM Machines Fwd: D8R 
Thu, 14 Jan 2016 19:02:50 +0000 
a969020df88f796702d8c5966cc051b1.mp4 
image003.jpg; e05a383a7f6e705ac7b693408900ca7b.jpg; 
552a3b4f144f40f52d0b8b5a812d6bee.jpg; 6f4318e6d18403fe79715acf97a649d9.jpg; 
d21c2d14da26da5ae7578fd5d5ac7508.jpg; eff7737c558fed3db8e4120c1b72e105.jpg; 
321c9302db3edb42b85e8ebldb0e6034.jpg; 8e6b6600e4164462b983a7fel eel8d3d.jpg; 
5e08ea6b447b8dd08fe2707468983ac5.jpg; 4838052b5b87f3950b8a70ceea371032.jpg 
Original message -------
From: Hector Rodriguez 
Date:01/13/2016 2:24 PM (GMT-04:00) 
To: 
Subject: FW: D8R 
Mr Williams 
Please see attached some pictures and a video of the machine working is a D8R year 2001. 
Price 
$185,000.00 
Delivered to the port of San Juan Puerto Rico. 
Please call me for any additional information . 
Gracias 
Hector M.Rodriguez I Equipment Sales Mana 
Office: 
I Fax: 
er I RIMCO, Inc. I P.O.  Box 362529 San Juan, Puerto Rico 00936 
I Cell: 
jemail 
EFTA01138380
--- PAGE 2 ---
Misión 
Con el compromiso de nuestro personal altamente capacitado, proveemos 
al cliente soluciones integradas a través de la venta y alquiler de 
equipos, generadores y otros productos de calidad inigualable, 
respaldados por el más eficiente y confiable servicio. 
MODELO 
MODEL 
MÁOWNA-
MACFINE 
LIT J 
WERPILLAr 
CAT® 
CATERPILLAR®
TRANSMISSION 
CATERPILLAR BRASIL LTDA 
PIRACICABA (SP) 
DE IN BRAZIL 
1110 
ARRANJO 
ARRANGEMENT 
9X-6199G 04 
PARTS 0 
ER 
EFTA01138381
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01138382
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01138383
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01138384
--- PAGE 6 ---
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTE: This e-mail and any other document attached herein may contain proprietary, confidential 
or privileged information that belongs to Rimco, Inc. Any dissemination, disclosure, distribution or copying of the 
contents of this communication is strictly forbidden without the consent of the sender. If you are not the intended 
recipient, please delete or destroy this message and notify the sender or the office of Rimco, Inc., at 787-792-4300. 
Rimco, Inc. is not liable for any damages resulting from any modification or falsification of an email that is originated 
by us. Moreover, although Rimco, Inc. has taken the necessary precautions to ensure that the data included herein is 
free of viruses or any other malicious content, we cannot assure that such is indeed the case and disclaim any 
responsibility attributable thereto. 
EFTA01138385
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA01138386

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138387.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Pritzker, Tom" <la 
To: "'Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation®gmail.com)th <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 14 Jan 2016 22:32:14 +0000 
Just to confirm, we are on for dinner tomorrow Friday? 
The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may contain 
confidential and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure. If you are not the 
intended recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, please 
immediately alert the sender by reply email and then delete this message and any attachments. If you are not the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its 
attachments is strictly prohibited. 
lust to confirm, we are on for dinner tomorrow Friday? 
The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may contain 
confidential and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure. If you are not the 
intended recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, please 
immediately alert the sender by reply email and then delete this message and any attachments. If you are not the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its 
attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA01138387

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138388.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 15 Jan 2016 00:13:27 +0000 
Inline-Images: FullSizeRender.jpg 
For you I will always find a moment;) 
EFTA01138388
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01138389
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01138390

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138391.pdf
----------------------------------------
*‘' 
EFTA01138391

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138392.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138392

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138393.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138393

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138394.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138394

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138395.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138395

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138396.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138396

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138397.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138397

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138398.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138398

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138399.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01138399

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138400.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Joslin 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Jet Invoices FY 2014: Jan,Mar,May, June, Aug 
Date: Thu, 06 Nov 2014 12:43:56 +0000 
Attachments: August_2014_Invoice.pdf; June_2014_Invoice.pdf; March_2014_Invoice.pdf; 
Januaty_2014_Invoice.pdf; May_2014_Invoice.pdf 
EFTA01138400

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138401.pdf
----------------------------------------
JET 171/1177111A/ 
A GCNCOAL ovnowit-cc COIVIPAree 
Avioneta Holdings LLC 
West 57th Street, 43rd Floor 
New York NY 10019 
US 
Invoice 
Invoice Number: 
Invoice Date: 
Due Date: 
Customer No.: 
Aircraft Registration: 
Charges for Time Period: 
900157461 
07/10/2014 
08/09/2014 
2040352 
N624N 
06/2014 
Invoice Total 
$ 651,225.12 
Total Due this Period 
$ 651,225.12 
This invoice is due and payable on or before the due date as indicated. Finance charges will begin to accrue at the contracted rate for amounts 
not paid by the due date. 
Remittance Instructions 
For Electronic Payment: 
Credit: 
Citizens Bank of PA 
2001 Market Street. Suite 600 
Philadelphia. PA 19103 
Swift: 
ABA: 
For Payments by Check: 
Jet Aviation Holdings. Inc. 
P O Box 536402 
Pittsburgh. PA 152515906 
For further credit to: Jet Aviation Holdings. Inc. 
113 Charles A. Lindbergh Drive 
Teterboro, NJ 07608 
Account number: 
EFTA01138401
--- PAGE 2 ---
Avioneta Holdings LLC 
Executive Summary for N624N 
June 2014 
Financial Performance 
Total Costs 
Fixed Costs 
Variable Costs 
Non-Operating Costs 
Charter/Other Income 
Monthly 
Actual 
YTD 
Actual 
YTD 
Budget 
Annual 
Budget 
YTD Actual vs Budget 
196,142 $ 
1,275,772 $ 
1,063,746 $ 
1,976,890 $ 
212,026 
78,264 
645,090 
1,404,212 
2,813,824 
-759,122 
-54 
5,595 
66,608 
104,095 
484,095 
-37,487 
-36 
371,224 
567,863 
567,863 
Net Costs 
651,225 $ 
2,555,333 
2,572,054 
5,274,809 
-16,721 
-1 
Hourly Costs 
Variable Maintenance 
Fuel 
AirCrew Trip Expenses 
AirCrew Trans. Expenses 
Aircraft Trip Expenses 
Variable Discounts 
$ 
304 $ 
1,158 $ 
1,005 $ 
1,019 
152 
786 
2,481 
2,437 
2,437 
307 
334 
535 
535 
-202 
-38 
127 
677 
677 
-551 
-81 
713 
1,486 
2,375 
2,375 
-889 
-37 
-9 
-9 
-100 
Total Variable Costs/Flight Hour $ 
2,138 $ 
5,585 $ 
7,021 $ 
7,035 $ 
-1,436 
-20 
Operational Performance 
Utilization 
Total Hours Flown 
Charter Hours Flown 
Leg Count 
Miles Flown 
SM 
Flight Statistics 
Stage Length 
Hrs 
Flight Speed (Transport) MPH 
Load Factor (Passengers) 
Fuel Consumed 
GPH 
Fuel Added In Gallons 
Home Base 
Away from Home Base 
Price/Gal(Actual Postings) 
Monthly 
Actual 
YTD 
Actual 
YTD 
Budget 
Annual 
Budget 
YTD Actual vs Budget 
% 
36.6 
115.5 
200.0 
400.0 
-84.5 
-42 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
17,744 
56,377 
2.9 
3.4 
493 
496 
528 
518 
9,632 
30,304 
9,734 
30,114 
4.90 
4.89 
EFTA01138402
--- PAGE 3 ---
Statement Summary 
N624N-Avioneta Holdings LLC 
June 2014 
Description 
Actual 
MID 
Plan 
MID 
Var 
MID 
Var% 
Actual 
YTD 
Plan 
YTD 
Var 
YTD 
Var% 
Right Crew Costs 
130,381 
70,994 
59,387 
773,686 
529,036 
244,650 
Hangar Costs 
27,976 
27,851 
125 
169,225 
167,106 
2,119 
Insurance 
29,540 
33,511 
-3,971 
-12 
Fixed Maintenance 
27,444 
31,787 
-4,343 
-14 
249,271 
271,321 
-22,050 
-8 
Right Operations 
2,417 
2,537 
-120 
-5 
6,500 
15,222 
-8,722 
-57 
Management Fees 
7,925 
7,925 
47,550 
47,550 
Fixed Discounts 
Total Fixed Costs 
196,142 
141,094 
55,049 
1,275,772 
1,063,746 
212,026 
Variable Maintenance 
11,137 
33,015 
-21,878 
-66 
133,710 
201,089 
-67,379 
-34 
Fuel 
28,773 
81,233 
-52,460 
-65 
286,569 
487,399 
-200,831 
-41 
AirCrew Trip Expenses 
11,247 
17,847 
-6,600 
-37 
38,542 
107,084 
-68,542 
-64 
AirCrew Trans. Expenses 
1,007 
22,577 
-21,571 
-96 
14,648 
135,464 
-120,817 
-89 
Aircraft Trip Expenses 
26,100 
79,163 
-53,063 
-67 
171,621 
474,978 
-303,357 
-64 
Variable Discounts 
-300 
300 
-100 
-1,803 
1,803 
-100 
Total Variable Costs 
78,264 
233,535 
-155,272 
-66 
645,090 
1,404,212 
-759,122 
-54 
Purchases & Installation 
10,229 
100,000 
-89,771 
-90 
Refurbishment/Overhaul 
Other 
5,595 
5,595 
56,380 
4,095 
52,285 
1,277 
Crew Expense Advances 
Total Non-Operating Costs 
5,595 
5,595 
66,608 
104,095 
-37,487 
-36 
Charter/Interchange 
371,224 
371,224 
655,353 
655,353 
Total Charter/Interchange Cost 
371,224 
371,224 
655,353 
655,353 
Total Costs 
651,225 
374,629 
276,596 
2,642,823 
2,572,054 
70,770 
Other Income 
-87,490 
-87,490 
Total Other Income 
-87 490 
0_ 
-87,490 
Net Charges 
$ 
651,225 $ 
374,629 $ 
276,596 
$ ,555,333 $ 2,572,054 $ 
-16,721 
-1 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA01138403
--- PAGE 4 ---
Statement Detail 
N624N-Avioneta Holdings LLC 
June 2014 
Description 
Actual 
AMID
Plan 
IATD 
Var 
MTh 
Var% 
Actual 
YTD 
Plan 
YTD 
Var 
YTD 
Var% 
Wages 
$ 
64,740 $ 
48,777 $ 
15,963 
$ 
339,168 $ 
314,613 $ 
24,555 
Fringe Benefits 
14,890 
11,219 
3,671 
78,009 
72,361 
5,648 
Payroll Taxes 
5,421 
4,390 
1,031 
40,353 
28,315 
12,037 
Other Compensation 
100,000 
100,000 
Supplemental Crew - Pilot 
1,500 
-1,500 
-100 
28,260 
9,000 
19,260 
214 
Supplemental Crew - CSR 
2,250 
2,250 
6,600 
6,600 
Physicals 
115 
495 
570 
-75 
-13 
Dues 
-16 
-100 
100 
Employment Costs 
538 
538 
Uniforms 
417 
-417 
-100 
861 
2,500 
-1,639 
-66 
Simulator Training 
58,200 
58,200 
174,600 
114,000 
60,600 
Training Discount 
-19,745 
-19,745 
-59,235 
-39,900 
-19,335 
Travel Expense 
1,558 
-1,558 
-100 
5,076 
9,350 
-4,274 
-46 
Training 
3,645 
667 
2,978 
446 
52,871 
4,004 
48,868 
1,221 
Other Costs 
842 
2,355 
-1,513 
-64 
5,990 
14,128 
-8,138 
-58 
Total Flight Crew Costs 
130,381 
70,994 
59,387 
773,686 
529,036 
244,650 
Hangar Rent 
27,851 
27,851 
168,477 
167,106 
1,371 
Office/Storage Rent 
125 
125 
748 
748 
Total Hangar Costs 
27,976 
27,851 
125 
169,225 
167,106 
2,119 
Hull Insurance 
16,240 
16,727 
-487 
-3 
Liability Insurance 
13,300 
16,784 
-3,484 
-21 
Total Insurance 
29,540 
33,511 
-3,971 
-12 
Maint Management 
5,711 
5,711 
34,269 
34,269 
Airframe Annual Contracts 
13,711 
18,000 
-4,289 
-24 
Avionics Annual Contract 
295 
-295 
-100 
44,633 
53,270 
-8,637 
-16 
Engine Annual Contract 
19,097 
20,040 
-944 
-5 
114,579 
120,240 
-5,661 
-5 
Cabin System Annual Contracts 
125 
-125 
-100 
504 
750 
-246 
-33 
Due Items 
2,582 
5,558 
-2,976 
-54 
41,251 
33,350 
7,901 
Mandatory SBA and AD's 
3,600 
-3,600 
-100 
Airframe Inspection 
3,500 
-3,500 
-100 
Training 
300 
2,300 
-2,000 
-87 
Tool Calibration/Other 
-4 
-50 
2,042 
-2,019 
-99 
Total Fixed Maintenance 
27,444 
31,787 
-4,343 
-14 
249,271 
271,321 
-22,050 
-8 
Navigation Publications 
1,206 
-1,206 
-100 
7,235 
-7,235 
-100 
Service Fees 
2,417 
1,331 
1,085 
6,500 
7,988 
-1,487 
-19 
Total Flight Operations 
2,417 
2,537 
-120 
-5 
6,500 
15,222 
-8,722 
-57 
Aircraft Management Fee 
7,925 
7,925 
47,550 
47,550 
Total Management Fees 
7,925 
7,925 
47,550 
47,550 
Total Fixed Costs 
$ 
196,142 $ 
141,094 $ 
55,049 
$ 1,275,772 $ 1,063,746 $ 
212,026 
Page 1 of 3 
EFTA01138404
--- PAGE 5 ---
Statement Detail 
N624N-Avioneta Holdings LLC 
June 2014 
Description 
Actual 
AMI
D
Plan 
MTD 
MID 
Var% 
Actual 
YTD 
Plan 
YTD 
Var 
YTD 
Var% 
Post Flights /Departure Svc 
$ 
527 $ 
2,400 $ 
-1,873 
-78 $ 
8,217 $ 
14,400 $ 
-6,183 
-43 
Airframe Discrepancies 
4.365 
5,000 
-635 
-13 
15,053 
30,000 
-14,947 
-50 
Avionics Discrepancies 
2,000 
-2,000 
-100 
29,070 
12,000 
17,070 
142 
Engine Discrepancies 
673 
500 
173 
2,547 
3,000 
-453 
-15 
APU Discrepancies 
200 
-200 
-100 
1,200 
-1,200 
-100 
Interior Discrepancies 
3,000 
-3,000 
-100 
8,687 
18,000 
-9,313 
-52 
Paint/Exterior Discrepancies 
150 
-150 
-100 
900 
-900 
-100 
Due Items 
763 
1,633 
-871 
-53 
33,516 
9,800 
23,716 
242 
Mandatory SB's and AD's 
750 
-750 
-100 
2,276 
4,500 
-2,224 
-49 
Airframe Inspections 
5,949 
3,000 
2,949 
Wheel OverhauUTire Changes 
1,458 
-1,458 
-100 
4,138 
8,750 
-4,612 
-53 
Brake Assembly Overhaul 
6,667 
-6,667 
-100 
40,000 
-40,000 
-100 
Avionics Annual Contract 
4,000 
-4,000 
-100 
24,000 
-24,000 
-100 
APU Service Contract 
734 
1,356 
-623 
-46 
5,855 
8,139 
-2,284 
-28 
Aircraft Cleaning 
2,910 
3,000 
-90 
-3 
16,502 
18,000 
-1,498 
-8 
Client Special Request 
1,091 
100 
991 
991 
1,363 
600 
763 
127 
Shipping/Other 
250 
-199 
-80 
380 
1,500 
-1,120 
-75 
Cabin System Discrepancy 
500 
-500 
-100 
3,000 
-3,000 
-100 
Personnel Support / Uniforms 
-27 
-55 
157 
300 
-143 
-48 
Total Variable Maintenance 
11,137 
33,015 
-21,878 
-66 
133,710 
201,089 
-67,379 
-34 
Fuel 
40,517 
85,529 
-45,012 
-53 
356,429 
513,176 
-156,747 
-31 
Fuel Discounts 
-11,744 
-4,296 
-7,448 
173 
-69,860 
-25,776 
-44,084 
171 
Total Fuel 
28,773 
81,233 
-52,460 
-65 
286,569 
487,399 
-200,831 
-41 
Meals 
2,293 
3,369 
-1,076 
-32 
6,455 
20,214 
-13,760 
-68 
Hotel 
8.624 
12,185 
-3,561 
-29 
30,431 
73,110 
-42,678 
-58 
Telephone 
155 
-155 
-100 
134 
932 
-798 
-86 
Uniform Cleaning 
336 
-246 
-73 
150 
2,014 
-1,864 
-93 
Other 
1,106 
-1,021 
-92 
351 
6,633 
-6,282 
-95 
Gratuities 
156 
697 
-541 
-78 
1,021 
4,181 
-3,160 
-76 
Total AirCrew Tri Ex nses 
11,247 
17,847 
4,600 
-37 
38,542 
107,084 
48,542 
-64 
Airline Transportation 
19,181 
-19,181 
-100 
9,754 
115,084 
-105,330 
-92 
Ground Transportation 
1.007 
3,397 
-2,390 
-70 
4,894 
20,380 
-15,486 
-76 
Total AirCrew Trans. Expenses 
1,007 
22,577 
-21,571 
-96 
14,648 
135,464 
-120,817 
-89 
Cleaning Fee 
551 
557 
-6 
-1 
2,406 
3,341 
-935 
-28 
Customs Fee 
546 
-546 
-100 
105 
3,279 
-3,174 
-97 
De-Icing Fee 
1,319 
-1,319 
-100 
7,911 
-7,911 
-100 
Right Phone 
16,364 
-16,364 
-100 
50,803 
98,185 
-47,382 
-48 
Right Planning 
216 
7,133 
-6,917 
-97 
5,176 
42,800 
-37,624 
-88 
Gratuities 
289 
464 
-175 
-38 
627 
2,785 
-2,158 
-77 
International Fee - External 
772 
-772 
-100 
4,630 
-4,630 
-100 
Landing Fee 
2,363 
5,954 
-3,592 
-60 
25,197 
35,727 
-10,529 
-29 
Miscellaneous Expense 
-8 
-100 
-46 
-100 
Over Flight Fee 
1,167 
8,005 
-6,838 
-85 
6,902 
48,033 
-41,131 
-86 
Overnight Hangar Fee 
523 
-523 
-100 
1,412 
3,138 
-1,726 
-55 
Parking Fee 
1,340 
3,690 
-2,351 
-64 
8,184 
22,143 
-13,959 
-63 
Ramp Fee 
854 
-854 
-100 
684 
5,125 
-4,442 
-87 
Service Fee 
-6 
-100 
-33 
-100 
Catering 
4,466 
9,559 
-5,093 
-53 
22,083 
57,352 
-35,269 
-62 
Ground Handling 
14,946 
21,898 
-6,952 
-32 
44,918 
131,386 
-86,468 
-66 
Cabin Su lies 
763 
1,511 
-748 
-50 
3,123 
9,064 
-5,941 
-66 
Total Aircraft Trip Expenses 
26,100 
79,163 
-53,063 
-67 
171,621 
474,978 
-303,357 
-64 
Other Variable Discount 
-300 
300 
-100 
-1,803 
1,803 
-100 
Total Variable Discounts 
-300 
300 
-100 
-1,803 
1,803 
-100 
Total Variable Costs 
$ 
78,264 $ 
233,535 $ -155,272 
-66 $ 
645,090 $ 1,404,212 $ -759,122 
-M 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA01138405
--- PAGE 6 ---
Statement Detail 
N624N-Avioneta Holdings LLC 
June 2014 
Description 
Actual 
AMI
D
Plan 
MID 
Var 
MID 
Var% 
Actual 
YTD 
Plan 
YTD 
Var 
YTD 
Var% 
Airframe 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
10,229 $ 
100,000 $ 
-89,771 
-90 
Total Purchases & Installation 
10,229 
100,000 
-89,771 
-90 
Client Ground Transportation 
1,611 
1,611 
Medical Assistance Service 
5.595 
5,595 
5,595 
4,095 
1,500 
Miscellaneous Expense 
-189 
-189 
Startup Costs 
834 
834 
PYC - Fuel 
19,961 
19,961 
PYC - Maintenance 
28,568 
28,568 
Total Other 
5,595 
5,595 
56,380 
4,095 
52,285 
1,277 
Total Non-Operating Costs 
$ 
5,595 $ 
$ 
5,595 
$ 
66,608 $ 
104,095 $ 
-37,487 
-36 
Back Up Aircraft 
371,224 
371,224 
655,353 
655,353 
Total Charter/Interchange 
371,224 
371,224 
655,353 
655,353 
Total ChartertInterchange Cost $ 
371,224 $ 
$ 
371,224 
$ 
655,353 $ 
$ 
655,353 
Total Costs 
$ 
651,225 $ 
374,629 $ 
276,596 
$ 2,642,823 $ 2,572,054 $ 
70,770 
Charter Income 
-86,655 
-86,655 
Fuel Tax Refund 
-836 
-836 
Total Other Income 
-87,490 
47,490 
Total Other Income 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
47,490 $ 
$ 
47,490 
Net Charges 
$ 
651,225 $ 
374,629 $ 
276,596 
$ 2,555,333 $ 2,572,054 $ 
-16,721 
-1 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA01138406
--- PAGE 7 ---
Avioneta Holdings 1/C14624/4 
Coat Posting Report 
June 2014 
v• Tdp 
Expense CeleDNY 
Demur& 
Vemlar 
~Won 
ICAO 
Wages 
(15,414.26) 
ACCRL JAFS PAYROLL 630114 
Wages 
30.828,52 
JAFS PAYROLL 616114 
Wage. 
30828.52 
JAFS PAYROLL 840114 
Wage. 
18.497.11 
JAFS ACCRL 63114 
Wages Total 
64.719,89 
Fnngp Bentrabl 
(3.545 281 
ACCRL JAFS PAYROLL 5,30114 
FlifIQS Benefits 
7.090.56 
JAFSPAYROU. 615(14 
Fnngp Benefits 
7.090.56 
JAFS PAYROLL 6120,14 
Fringe Denotes 
4.254.34 
JAFS ACCRL 840,14 
Fringe Benefits Total 
14.890.18 
Payer., Taxes 
(1.3L6421 
ACCRL JAFS PAYROLL 540114 
Payrol Tmet 
2398.68 
JAFSPAYROU. WW14 
Payrol Tmet 
2.566.65 
JAFS PAYROLL 6120,14 
Payrol Telet 
1551.99 
JAFS ACCRL 6/30,14 
Payroll Tams TOW 
5.820.90 
158915 
Supplemental Crew (I 
2.250.00 
Jel Protossonals. Lyc 
447-421,14.TAMASCOKOSR 
SupplemeMal Crew D Total 
2.25010 
Pnys cat 
I5 00 
Mince. ChrIslopner 
PHYSICAL 06V1114 
Physicals TOW 
115.00 
Employment C oat
EmPlOymeel 
23.00 
Kr01 ElatiVareunti 04 AmenCe 
OKRENT R BACKGROUND KROLL 
C
s Total 
23.00 
Training 
5820010 
FligteSafoly International 
141/14-1241/14 R OKRENT 115 REC 
Trebling Total 
662~ 
Training Discount 
(99.745.001 FlwisSafoly International 
141/14-1241/14 R OKRENT 115 REC 
Training 01,00601T0W 
(19,745.00) 
Training 
625.00 
MetIAIre 
E-MININMAL R OKRENT 
Training 
1.01000 
FlIgNSafely Internalional 
5152014. FSIGENRL EMGCY INITIN:CHRISTOPHER.M 
Training 
700).00 
FeeleSafoty International 
5/23,14 ROKRENT GEN EM TANG 
Training 
70110.00 
062014 FUGHT STANDARDS PROGRAM 
Training Total 
3.648.00 
Other Costs 
4000 
WINS. AM'S 
PHONE 05112/14 INTERNET FOR MAY.2014. 
Other CONS 
15023 
Naphae. James 
CELL 05119/14 CELL PHONE FOR MAY. 2014. 
Other COW 
40.00 
~Iles. James 
PHONE 0617/14 INTERNET FOR JUNE, 2014. 
Ocher Costs 
206.80 
Mitch. Christopher 
CELL «loin.' 
Ocher Costs 
52.41 
Mihdt. Christopher 
UHF. UP 064IGI14 
Ocher Costs 
146.85 
LEONARD CELLPHONE 0548114 
Genet COSIS 
205.65 
MORROW CELLPHONE 06115114 
011Hr COON Total 
841.94 
Hangar RIM 
27,85120 
Jet Adelen Teterboro LP 
JULE 2014 HANGAR 
Hangar Refit Total 
27.851.20 
OgeoStorage Rent 
124.62 
Jet Aviason Teterboro LP 
JUNE 2014 OFFICE 
Office:Storage Rent Total 
12412 
Main: Management 
5.711.46 
64014 
MINN Management Total 
5.711.48 
Entrke Amual Caeca 
19.09650 
Rolls-Royce pie 
CORPORATE CARE FEE FOR JULY 
Engine Anew.' Contra Taal 
19096.50 
Dim Items 
113.00 
Jet Aviabcn Teterbwo LP 
CMP CODE 256262 PERSONAL BREATHING E 
Due Items 
71785 
Jel Aviabcn Teterbwo LP 
COMPLY WITH CMP 274202 HDRIZONTAL STAN. 
Clio Items 
452.00 
Jel Aviabcn Teterboro LP 
CW OW 237004 CYR OP TEST. 
Due Items 
5630 
Jet Added Teldtroro LP 
DOWNLOAD EHM MDAU DATA 
Due Items 
339.00 
Jel Allapen Teterboro LP 
DOWNLOAD OAR MONTHLY. 
Due Items 
339.00 
Jet Avtalen Teterboro LP 
UPDATE EOPWS ICE1 TO CURRENT CYCLE. 
Clio Items 
169.50 
Jet Midi«, Teterboro LP 
OW CMP CODES 710055 AND 710060 ENGNE 
Due Items 
226.00 
Jol Aviatim Teterboro LP 
COMPLY WITH CMP CODE 240121 AND 240123 E 
Due Items 
169.50 
Jot Anatol Teterboro LP 
RESEARCH ACTIVE CUSTOMER BULLETINS 
Due gem* Taal
Training 
2.582.35 
00 
64014 MIX STANDARD PROGRAM 
Training Total 
5060 
Teal Caltratontrn 
3.48 
EasyLirli Services USA cam 
511/14-541414 
Tool CalibrationOth Total 
3.46 
Sernce Foes 
416.67 
064014 EU 002 TRACIOREPORT 
Sen•Oe Fees 
2000.00 
0612014 MONTHLY *DIAN FEE 
Service Fan Tatil 
2.416.67 
Arden Managernent 
7.92504 
64014 
Airmen Management Total 
7.925.04 
Post Finn .0eparl 
56.50 
Jet Midi«, Teterboro LP 
CAV A POST FLIGHT CHECK 
Post Flea .Oeparl 
470.24 
Jot Aviabcn Teterboro LP 
CAV AFL 
Post Rig ts 'Depart Total 
626.74 
Adrame itaepancI 
28360 
Jet Avtalen To/toted LP 
DURING ACCESS PANEL REMOVAL FOR HOME ST 
Adrame iscrepadå 
31350 
Jet Adder) Teledoro LP 
DURING POSTFLIGHT NOTICED HYDRAULIC FLUI 
Admin. I:crepam 
340.63 
Jai Aviace Teterboro LP 
EXPENDABLES 
Artier.. iscreparci 
539.50 
Jai Added Teterboro LP 
LOG 17W 
Meanly ex-repose. 
2.242.38 
Jai Avid«) Talerbom LP 
NOTICED DURING POSTFLIGHT L44 PYLON HAS 
Adrame =teenier 
44.49 
Jai Aviace Teterboro LP 
EXPENDABLES 
Airframe lltrepanct 
53615 
Jel Avla50n Teterboro LP 
F.OM.S. MAINTENANCE REQUIRED. CAS MESSA 
Adrame itadend 
25 
Jet Adelen Teterboro LP 
CUSTOMER REQUEST CORRECT ERRORS ON AC A 
Adrame LeCrepand 
3432 
Jel Adele.) Teterboro LP 
EXPENDABLES 
Airframe Isorepanci Total 
4.366.42 
Engiro 
crepancos 
673.17 
Jel Aviaece Teterboro LP 
L44 HOG FILTER DPI TRIPPED. 
Engine Discrepancies Total 
673.17 
Due Item 
762.75 
Jet Anal«, Teterboro LP 
COMPLY WITH CLIP ONES 783337 783338 8878 
Due pain Total 
762.75 
Fuel 
RH* 1 of 4 
EFTA01138407
--- PAGE 8 ---
Avioneta Holdings LLC 1162441 
Cost Posting Report 
Juno 2014 
Trip 
et 
• 
Expense CielegorY 
amount 
venclor 
Dieatilon 
ICAO 
Full 
API) Sere*? COotottl 
733 70 
Honeywel Inc (LISP) 
IASP FEE FOR MAY 
APU Sereete Contract Total 
733.70 
Accra,' Cleanng 
1.940_28 
Jol Aviation Teterboro LP 
MRCRAFT CLEANING FOR 5.266/1 
Arcralt Clearing 
55.05 
Jel Mina/ Teterboro LP 
AIRCRAFT CLEANING 62.1e 
Accra Clearing 
915.10 
Jel Mina/ Tetertoro LP 
AIRCRAFT CLEANING 19-615 
Aircraft Cleaning Total 
2.910.43 
VON SPeCiel Ronan 
1.034 80 
SONO Woelthekle Incorporated 
UPDATED PASS BRIEFING CARDS 
Client Speoel Rogue 
50 
Jet Aftlen Teterboro LP 
COORDINATOR REQUEST SWAP OUT OLD BRIEFIN 
Cleat Special Rogue Total 
1.091.30 
ShIPPnOthw 
5089 
Federal Express 
06'23/14 
ShippingOthes Total 
8029 
Personnel SuppOrl 
22.70 
VANVALKENBURO TELEPHONE 06'19'14 
Personnel Suppon 'Total 
22.70 
159869 
Fuel 
24.88830 
Jel kelatlen TelerbOr0 LP 
0602/14 
KTEB 3.607 Get 
159954 
Fuel 
8.183.40 
Jol Aviator' Teterboro LP 
0527/14 
KTEB 1.186 Gal 
159956 
Fuel 
7.445.10 
Jol Aviator' Teterboro LP 
06,29:14 
KTEB 1.079 Gal 
Fuel Total 
40.81620 
159869 
Fuel DISCounl 
(7 214 001 Jel Avisecn Telotoro LP 
0602/14 
KTEB 3.607 ea/ 
159954 
Fuel DISCounl 
372 00t Jel Aviation Telotoro LP 
0527/14 
KTEB 1.18605 
159956 
Fuel DISCounl 
I 2 158 001 Jel Aviation Telotoro LP 
0529:14 
KTEB 1.079 Gal 
Fuel INICOunt TONI 
(11.744.00) 
155928 
Meals-Breakfast 
38.92 
LEONARD MEAL . BREAKFAST 052914 
159869 
Meals-Breakfag 
38.50 
Leonard. Loam 
UPZ 060814 BREAKFAST FOR TWO 
159869 
Meals-Breakfast 
2128 
Leonard. Loam 
UP2 010514 NO RECEIPT AVAILABLE 
159869 
Meei.Elieaktftl 
55 
Le0nard. loan 
UPZ 060914 NO RECEIPT AVAILABLE 
159869 
MeaO.ElietiNtael 
58 
Morrow. Ear' K 
upz08,04,14 MORROWLEONARO 
Mealtkerftldftt TOW 
15823 
155928 
Meals-Lunch 
12.95 
LEONARD MEAL' LLNCH 052514 
159869 
Meals-Lunch 
17.15 
Leonard. Loam 
UPZ 01133,14 NO RECEIPT AVAILABLE 
159869 
Meals-Lunch 
54.60 
Morrow. Earl K 
UP2 060414 MORROWLEONARD 
159869 
MealeAunch 
17010 
Motion. Ear' K 
up2o6getti MCCROW OKRENT.LECNARD 
159869 
MealeAunch 
97.30 
Morrow. Ear' K 
UPZ 060614 MORROW OKRENT.LECNARD 
159869 
MealeAunch 
154.00 
Morrow. Ear' K 
UPZ06,07/14 MORROW OKRENT.LECNARD 
159869 
Meals-lAnch 
119.00 
Morrow. Earl K 
UP2 0108/14 IACCROW.C.(RENT.LEONARD 
159956 
Meat-Linen 
12.11 
Naphas.Jarnes 
KBE° 0529'14 
1599% 
MeaC-Unen 
27.55 
lArhck. Chrislopher 
KBED 05,29e 4 
Meals•Lunch Total 
666.46 
155928 
Meaa.Dmer 
00 
LEONARD MEAL. DINNER 0529114 
159869 
Meals Omer 
254.14 
Morrow. Ear' K 
Logp month, IAORROW.OKRENT.LECNARD 
159869 
Meat-amen 
211.68 
Morrow. Earl K 
UP201133,14 MORROW .C.(RENT.LEONARD 
159869 
Meat-amen 
26810 
Morrow. Earl K 
UP2 0104,14 MORROW .C.(RENT.LEONARD 
159869 
Meat-amen 
169.70 
Morrow. Earl K 
UP20105,14 MORROW .C.(RENT.LEONARD 
159869 
Meaa.Dmer 
174 30 
Morrow. Ear' K 
UPZ0606'14 MORROW .0KRENT.LECNARD 
159869 
Althaa.Dmer 
256 20 
Morrow. Ear' K 
UPZ0607A4 MORROW .0KRENT.LECNARD 
159956 
Mea15.01nner 
54 
Replan. James 
KI3E0 0528514 
1599% 
Meals-Dmer 
2.99 
Naphas. James 
KTEB 0529,14 
1599% 
Meals-Ctmer 
32.62 
lArhck. Chrislopher 
KBED mai 4 
MealrOinner Total 
1.496.9? 
155928 
Rae 
399.00 
LEONARD LODGING 052514 
155928 
HON 
57.65 
LEONARD LODGING TAX 0528,14 
159869 
HON 
267.96 
Le0wp Joann 
KTEB 06,02;14 RED EVE ARRIVAL IN VENICE 
159869 
HON 
22810 
Leonard. Lotnn 
LOSP 06179;14 
159869 
Noe 
538.30 
Leonard. Loam 
UP20603,14 
159869 
Rae 
saao 
Leonard. Loam 
UP2 064004 
159869 
Rae 
321.16 
Leonard. Loam 
UP20605,14 
159869 
HON 
777.00 
Leonard. Leann 
UPZ 0686114 
159869 
HON 
541.10 
Leonard. Loam 
UPI0687,14 
159869 
HON 
33336 
Leonard. Loam 
UPZ 0608,14 
159869 
Rae 
222.41 
Morrow. Earl K 
LDSP 060914 
159869 
Rae 
267.96 
Morrow. Earl K 
UP2 060214 
159869 
Rae 
536.62 
Morrow. Earl K 
UP2 060304 
159869 
Noe 
538 30 
Morrow. Ear' K 
UPZ 0684114 
159869 
Noe 
321.16 
Morrow. Ear' K 
UPZ 0685114 
159869 
Noe 
77532 
Morrow. Ear' K 
UPZ 0686114 
159869 
Rae 
599.62 
Morrow. Earl K 
UP2 0607/14 
159869 
Rae 
446.60 
Morrow. Earl K 
UP2 0640104 
1599% 
Rae 
456.65 
Naphas.Jarnes 
KBE° 052514 
159956 
Note 
456.65 
1.11hcle. CIVISIOprIer 
KI3E0 0528514 HARVARD ORADUATION.EYERYTHINO WAS SOLD OUT 
Hobe Taal 
8,623.62 
159869 
Untorm Cftreng 
28 
MN low. Earl K 
UPZ 06,0614 LAUNDRY 
1599% 
Unform Claantrg 
33.05 
Naphas.James 
KTEB 052814 
Uniform Clearing Total 
89.33 
159869 
CON 
'4.35 
Leonard. Loam 
UP2 010404 2 WATF-RS&SNACK 
159869 
Other 
230 
Leonard. Loam 
UP2 0605114 WATER 
159869 
Over 
2254 
Leonard. Loans 
UPZ 0606,14 SNACK FOR 3 CREW 
159869 
Cebu 
20 
Leonard. Loam 
UPZO687/14 WATER -SODA 
159869 
Cebu 
1960 
Leonard. Loam 
UPZ 0608114 2 WATER 8 DIET COKE 
159889 
Other 
9.80 
Leonard. Loam 
UP2 010514 Y/ATERSSNACK 
1599% 
Oher 
4.34 
Naphas.Jamos 
KTEB0524,14 POSTAGE 
Other Total 
84.63 
159869 
GraMbes 
700 
Leonard. Loam 
LDSP 0609514 HOTEL GRATUITY 
159869 
Geer/Aft 
700 
Leonard. Loam 
LDSP 06110514 HOTEL GRATUITY 
Page 2 014 
EFTA01138408
--- PAGE 9 ---
/Moneta Holdings ISO 1162414 
Cost Posting Report 
JIM* 2014 
sr 
Trip 
Expenee CaellerY 
Mount 
"Vendor 
Deocalpeon 
ICAO 
159869 
GeewneS 
7.00 
Leonar0. Leann 
UPZ 0603,14 HOTEL GRATUITY 
159669 
Geae/neS 
7.00 
Leonard. Leann 
UPZ gcrit,I4 HOTEL TIP 
159869 
Craton*: 
7.00 
Leonard. Leann 
UPZ 060544 HOTEL GRATUITY 
159869 
Grown*: 
7.00 
Leonard. Leann 
UPZ 06,0644 HOTEL TIP 
159869 
Gram*: 
7.00 
Laniard. Leann 
UPZ 060714 HOTEL GRATUITY 
159669 
Gnis/neS 
7.00 
Leonard. Leann 
UPZ 060814 HOTEL GRATUITY 
159669 
Gnis/neS 
7.00 
Leonard. Leann 
UPZ 060914 HOTEL GRATUITY 
159669 
Gra:ones 
1000 
Monow. Earl K 
KTEB %vv., PAX HANClING TIP 
159869 
Craton:es 
28.00 
Mono,/ Earl K 
LOSP 06,0114 PAX HANDLING AND AC LAY SERVICE 
159954 
Gratuities 
'0.00 
Wick. Chnslopher 
KBCC 05.27/14 LINE TIP 
159954 
Gratuities 
'0.00 
Wick. Chnslopher 
KTEB 0527,14 LINE TIP 
159956 
Claude* 
00 
Chnslopher 
KI3E0 05'26'14 LINE TIP 
159956 
(Trainee* 
00 
Chnslopher 
KI3E0 062314 LINE TIP 
159956 
GreetilleS 
500 
Chnslopher 
KTEB 052814 LINE TIP 
Grenades Total 
156.00 
157655 
Grand Tramp:Indio 
488.26 
Universal Weather a Aviation 
ittel 
159869 
Ground Tramp:Irian* 
9.80 
Lecoard. Leann 
UPZ 06,04141 WAY WATER SHUTTLE 
159669 
Ground TranSpOnallo 
20 
Leonar0. Leann 
UPZ 060544 12 HOUR WATER SHUTTLE.NO RENTAL CAR 
159669 
Ground TrenSpOnelie 
20 
Leanar0. Joann 
UPZ 0606,14 12 HOUR WATER SHUTTLE.NO RENTAL CAR 
159669 
Ground Toting/Retie 
20 
LeCnard. Joann 
UPZ 0607/412 HOURWATER SHUTTL-E 
159869 
Grand Transpertatio 
'4.00 
Morrow. Earl K 
LDSP ostaa 4 CREW TRANSPORT TO HOTEL 
159669 
Grand Tranaorta0o 
14.00 
Morrow. Earl K 
LDSP 061044 CREW TRANSPORT TO AIRPORT 
159669 
Grand Iran:portal* 
'4.00 
Morrow. Earl K 
UPZ 010.10 4 CREW TRANSPORT TO HOTEL 
159669 
Ground Transpertatio 
'9.60 
Morrow. Earl K 
UPZ 06,04o 4 WATER TAXI 
159669 
Ground TranSpOnalie 
20 
Monow. Earl K 
UPZ 060514 WATER TAXI 
159669 
Ground TranspOn08o 
29,40 
Monow. Earl K 
upz06,09,14 WATER TAXI 
159669 
Ground TranSpOnalie 
20 
Monow. Earl K 
UPZ 060714 
159869 
Grand Transpertatio 
14.00 
Morrow. Earl K 
UPZ 0609114 CREW TRANSPORT TO AIRPORT 
159956 
Grand Iran:aortae* 
86.50 
Naplut. James 
KBED 052810 TAXISHUTTLE 
159956 
Grand Tranaorta0o 
88.00 
Naplut. James 
KBE° 052910 TAXISHUTTLE 
160654 
Ground Transponallo 
103.04 
TUCKER MILEAGE 06'17114 MILEAGE IS HOME•TEB-HOME. 
Or0und Telle1•00rUdle Totel 
1,00650 
157655 
Cleaning Fee 
17734 
Wears& Wearier 8 Aviation 
4/1/14 
159669 
Cleaning Fe. 
240.00 
Jet Aviasco Teterboro LP 
6110/14 
159669 
Cleanng Fe. 
33.00 
Leaned. Leann 
LDSP 060914 CLEAN 22 LINENS 91.50 EACH4S3.3.00 
159669 
Cleanng Fee 
101.00 
Leaned. Leann 
LDSP 06/1014 CLEAN 4 SETS OF BED LINENS 
Cleaning Fee Total 
851.34 
157116 
Fligle Plennwig 
23 
Universal Wearier 8 Aviation 
2,25/14 
157470 
FligN Plennwig 
23 
Universal Wearier 8 Aviation 
311114 
157655 
Feats Plannng 
71,90 
Universal Weather a Aviation 
41/0 
Flight Planning Total 
216.36 
155928 
Granites 
'0.00 
LEONARD GRATUITIES 067844 CONCIERGE 8 RAMP TIPS 
155928 
GraMiles 
5,00 
LEONARD GRATUITIES 0528514 HOTEL GRATUITY 
155928 
Oratu0es 
500 
LEONARD GRATUITIES 0523514 RAMP 11P. 
159669 
Oratu0es 
10,00 
Leanar0. Leann 
KTEB 060214 CONCIERGE 8 RAMP TIPS 
159869 
Granites 
7.00 
Leaned. Leann 
LDSP 060914 RAMP TIP 
159869 
Grades 
7.00 
Lecoard. Leann 
UP2 060.104 RAMP TIP 
159669 
GraUitOS 
7.00 
Lecoard. Leann 
UP2 0609,14 RAMP TIP 
159869 
Gratuities 
30.00 
Morrow. Earl K 
LDSP 06/1014 PMCCREWAC HANDING TIP 
159869 
Graullin 
64.00 
Monow. Earl K 
UPZ 060314 PAX.CREWAG HANDLING TIP 
159869 
Graullin 
64.00 
Monow. Earl K 
UPZ 060314 PAX.CREWAG HANDLING TIP 
159954 
Gratuities 
10,00 
LEONARD GRATUITIES 0527/14 RAMP 8 CONCIERGE TIPS 
159956 
Gratuities 
15.00 
Naphas.Jarnes 
KBED 052810 RA&IP SERVICE 
159956 
Gratuities 
15.00 
Naphas.Jarnes 
KBED 052910 RA&IP SERVICE 
Gratuities Total 
269.00 
153673 
Lancing Fee 
85.00 
Gly 01 Westfield *Soon 
1020,13 
158926 
Lancing Fee 
136 17 
Pon Authority of New York and NJ 
42314 
159954 
Lancing Fee 
377.03 
Universal Weather 8 Aviation 
5.2714 
159954 
Landon Fee 
58825 
Pen Authority el New York arid NJ 
5.27/14 
159956 
Lardng Fee 
1,176.50 
Pen Authority el New York arid NJ 
52614 
Landing Fee Total 
2.362.96 
157470 
Over Flight Fee 
20.53 
Urine's& Weather 6 Aviation 
3,914 
157655 
Oren Flight Fee 
689.10 
Universal Weather 8 Aviation 
4/1/14 
157655 
Ore, Flight Fee 
457.52 
UnNersal Weather 8 Aviation 
4/1/14 
Over Flight Fee Total 
1,167.15 
157655 
Parerg Fee 
1.162.12 
Unyersal Weather a Aviation 
WSW 
159954 
Pariong Fee 
72.60 
Universal Weather a Aviation 
527/14 
159956 
Parting Fee 
105 00 
Universal Weather 6 Aviation 
5,29/14 
Perking Fee Total 
1,33912 
155928 
Cawing 
43.42 
LEONARD CATERINGNEWSPAPER 052504 
157655 
Catering 
1603.04 
Unerwsal Weather a Aviation 
41,14 
159869 
Catering 
125.92 
Rudys Infligte Catering 
&SW 
159869 
Catering 
433.45 
Rudys Infligte Catering 
&SW 
159869 
Catering 
34015 
Gourmet Irdighl Catering Inc 
6,22010 
159869 
COMM® 
63 
Leonard. Leann 
Boss patois CATERINOGRIMCGCHEESE-FRUIT.MAGAZINE 
159669 
Catering 
1422 
Leonam Leann 
LDSP 06/10114 NEWSPAPERS 
159954 
Catering 
175 27 
Gourmet Irtighl Catering Inc 
S27,2014 
159956 
Catering 
256.12 
Unfreeze' Weather a Aviation 
SI2NM 
159956 
Catering 
375.10 
Rudys Infligte Catering 
5.28/14 
159956 
Catering 
498.10 
Gourmet latent Catering Inc 
5.282010 
160019 
Caving 
513 33 
Gourmet InfIghl Catering Inc 
6212014 
CS** Tool 
4,465.53 
Fum 
Page 3 H4 
EFTA01138409
--- PAGE 10 ---
Avionela Holdings US 1162414 
Cost Posting Report 
June 2014 
Trip 
Espana CabliWY 
Maur* 
" Weer 
DeseeplIon 
ICAO 
157855 
Ground Handling 
5.759.74 
Unlialal Weer. d Agamion 
NUM 
157855 
Ground Handling 
6926 
Urnentil Vintner d Mamba 
NUM 
159869 
Ground Handing 
723.32 
timers& Weather & Amnon 
man.' 
159869 
Ground Handing 
2.530.80 
Universal Weather & Avtlion 
8/3.992014 
159869 
Ground Handing 
984.31 
Unversal Weather & Aviation 
8/4914 
159869 
Ground Henan 
12,00 
Jel AvitiOcn Teterboro LP 
612/2014 
159869 
Ground Handing 
2.718.16 
Alonow. Earl K 
LDSP 0640,14 AeC LANDING AND OVERNIGHT PARKING FEE 
159954 
Ground Handling 
1.978.90 
Linnets& Window Ed dadmion 
527114 
159954 
Ground Handing 
MOO 
Jot Aviation Teterboro LP 
927/14 
159956 
159956 
Ground Handing 
Ground Handing 
145.01 
Unntal Weather & Amnion 
MOO 
Jot Aviabcn Teterboro LP 
522nd
sonna 
Ground Handling Total 
Can Supplia 
Can Supplia 
Cabn &polies 
Cr Swags 
Cr Swats 
Can Bungee,' 
Cahn 5.4100$ 
Cain SuPPIla Total 
Medcol Assistance S 
Medical Assistance S Total 
Back Up &Kraft 
Back Up Aircraft Total 
Gran d Total 
14,94590 
210.40 
B E PrinC044 Manion 
40685 
B E PrInCea DMsIOn 
3210 
Leonard. Loran 
38.20 
33.20 
23 
1872 
76290 
5596.00 
lAedAire Inc. 
5995.00 
371324.06 
371.224.06 
651.225.12 
5202014 
el12/14 COFFEE. TOWELS 
UPZ 06,05(14 12 VENETIAN UNEN NAPKINS 
LEONARD SUPPLIES 0927/4 
LEONARD SUPPLIES 0928/14 
LEONARD SUPPLIES 0930'14 2 ALLERGY EYE DROPS 
LEONARD SUPPLIES . CABIN SERVICES 06,1914 MADAZINE 
PAEDAIRE ANNUAL FEE 
TRIP 161144 
Riga 
Paged 044 
EFTA01138410
--- PAGE 11 ---
CLIENT TRIP REPORT 
FLIGHT NUMBER: 0122014 
DATI.LEO 
Wall 
1.001 
OM 
Mg 
WV 
Th.:WOW 
OE 
CAT 
MON 
ISIELOUI 
RAN 
our 
I 
w 
of 
CO 
14111/A 
BUM 
NO 
04/4 
NIL 
NIKES 
ON 
SULFA 
TETERBORO 
502014 
KTEB 
4:39pm 
2039 
TETERBORO 
NJ 
T 
14000 
2039 
2055 
0.6 
158 
LAURENCE G HANSCOM FLD 
1000 
KBED 
5:38pm 
2138 
BEDFORD 
MA 
442 
I 
11200 
2138 
2133 
1.0 
182 
LAURENCE G HANSCOM FLD 
5292014 
KBED 
4:53pm 
2053 
BEDFORD 
MA 
T 
11200 
2053 
2123 
0.8 
158 
TETERBORO 
KIEB 
6:13pm 
22:13 
TETERBORO 
NJ 
1406 
US 
22:13 
&10 
1.3 
182 
TETERBORO 
5232014 
KTEB 
6:37pm 
2237 
TETERBORO 
NJ 
P 
14000 
2227 
2252 
0.6 
158 
LAURENCE G HANSCOM FLD 
1079 
KBED 
7:32pm 
2332 
BEDFORD 
MA 
442 
11200 
2332 
2329 
0.9 
182 
LAURENCE G FWISCOM RD 
5232014 
KBED 
8:23pm 
0023 
BEDFORD 
MA 
T 
11200 
0023 
0033 
0.8 
158 
TETERBORO 
KIEB 
9:22pm 
0122 
TETERBORO 
NJ 
146 
MO 
I
0122 
01:19 
1.0 
182 
TRIP #: 159956 
TRIP TYPE: OWN 
USER. Avioneta. LLC 
AIRCRAFT: N624N 
le Jfl SVIS7WiV 
PASSENGERS 
I 
A 
But 1.444.34,Sansi 
But Bevot41 
X 
Out thosOrgy 
Butane...OW 
) eau W. Can, 
UAL 
Du. V.4:44 AL.ox 
x 
x 
x 
AVM. bye 
AtokrOkr, 
x 
Rim/N-Wt 
x 
ID Ritio.16euNmerp 
X 
x 
II 
tL 
TM 'S' 3 
IOTALFUCIO1113E 
TOIALOLOCK1116 
2.8 
CUSTOMER SERVICE REP: ELEF 
4.2 
CREW 
PC 
Naphas, James Harry 
SC 
lAhck, Christopher 
CSR 
Leonard. Lo Ann D. 
(1) CREW 
TOTAL Kit 
632 
TOTAL SW 
727 
114 
SUNICT 
RWARa 
LEG CCOM1415 
PeAUID 
LEGCCOMNIS 
lk Rack's dNerwn rick Hem to. 
FUELIR 
Domed 57.75 USG 0526;14. JAFS dscourted pko is 
LEOCLINDIN 
$6i2. (KBED) 
Liocuscuas 
FiAtER 
Ousted 57.75 USG 0526'14. JAFS dscourted CADS is 
15.12. (KBEDI 
Jet Avia6on 
ITo_1J7p0730_k2- Rev. 33.14J 
PRIMED: 7i8/2014 11:5020AM 
EFTA01138411
--- PAGE 12 ---
CUENT TRIP REPORT 
1Es MI/n7/o111 
FLIGHT NUMBER: 0132014 
IIAIT i LEO 
WW1 
LOCAL 
NIT 
NAM 
Off 
iv cawing 
OE 
CAT 
mom 
MILOS 
MIN 
our 
II 
err 
PI 
FUME 
WOW 
Æo 
OurY 
ML 
MD 
MI 
SKIS 
TETERBORO 
8422014 
KTEB 
10:38pm 
0228 
TETERBORO 
NJ 
T 
31800 
0238 
02:44 
7.6 
3613 
VENEZIA TESSERA 
3607 
LIPZ 
12:30pm 
1030 
VENICE (VENEZIA) 
IT 
7464 
5700 
1030 
ID21 
7.9 
4158 
VENEZIA TESSERA 
112014 
UPZ 
1:45pm 
11:45 
VENICE (VENEZIA) 
IT 
T 
10960 
11:45 
1152 
0.8 
206 
SPUT 
851
LDSP 
2:40pm 
12:40 
SPLIT 
CX 
448 
I 
6960 
12A0 
In] 
0.9 
237 
SPUR 
6402014 
LDSP 
12:05pm 
1055 
SPUR 
CX 
T 
380110 
1055 
10:10 
8.4 
3819 
TETERBORO 
4750
KIEB 
2:38pm 
1838 
TETERBORO 
NJ 
9412 
8200 
1838 
1834 
8.6 
4395 
TRIP N: 159869 
TRIP TYPE: OWN 
USER. Avioneta. LLC 
AIRCRAFT: N624N 
PASSENGERS 
I 
I 
$ 
II 
F 
II) 
II 
It 
Bra». ;cilia Men) 
X 
Kick Wade, Semi 
X 
X 
llic4.53,ta Awe* 
B441.5“. 0.2.70 
lbei 
x 
X 
B441.‘buu Ra4/54I 
X 
Strikle3/5 
X 
Shn33.$5330,3. 
X 
ip1'VS' 3 
IOTAlFUGHr TINE 
16.8 
TOTAL &CO( TINE 
17.4 
CREW 
PIC 
Morrow. Earl Kenroth 
SIC 
Olcrent Russell Howard 
CSR 
Leonard. Lo Ann D. 
(1) CREW 
CUSTOM R SERVICE REP. ELEF 
TOTAL NM 
7638 
TOTALBH 
8790 
LEG 
WIJECT 
ÆM R4 
LEG CC404/155 
L13 CUM:MS 
UEUP 
WS »Wit 
Its ccswas 
< Ft/31 Vendor UVair Capcnte Fuel Sales: 146.57 
0629'14. Includes $3.02 per USG n taxes. Release sent. 
Use UVar card. (LIPZ) 
Meriden Hotel 
Jet Aviation 
ctrip0730JA2 Reg. 33.14) 
PRINTED: 7i8201411:503Ø 
EFTA01138412
--- PAGE 13 ---
OUENT TRIP REPORT 
le 
SET HOW1770A1 
FLIGHT NUMBER: 0142014 
ATTE ' LEO 
0. 'AR 
LOCAL 
NT 
KM 
WY 
STIP:0FM 
CTE 
CAT 
MOM 
PAWS 
FM PI 
OUT 
st 
OFF 
ow 
FITT.* 
MU ,Wt 
Kg 
mrtY 
Mt 
MOM 
COT 
MU 
6117/2014 
KTEB 
KABE 
3:12pm 
3:46pm 
19:12 
19:46 
TETERBORO 
TETERBORO 
LEHIGH VALLEY INTL 
ALLENTOWN 
NJ 
PA 
t30 
T 
11000 
9900 
1912 
19:46 
1926 
1945 
0.3 
0.6 
I X 
487
6117,2014 
KABE 
KIS 
3:46pm 
4:24pm 
19:46 
2024 
LEHIGH VALLEY INTL 
ALLENTOWN 
TETERBORO 
TETERBORO 
PA 
NJ 
+30 
T 
9500 
8103 
19:46 
2024 
1956 
2020 
0.4 
0.6 
135 
TRIP #: 160654 
TRIP TYPE: OWN 
USER: Avioneta. LLC 
AIRCRAFT: N624N 
PASSENGERS 
I 
M 
a 
M 
M 
II 
II 
IT 
TOT'S
TOTAL Fur+rr THE 
TOTAL BLOM THE 
CREW 
Pt 
Okrenl. Russell Howard 
SC 
lAhdt. Christopher 
ACM 
(1892) - Tucker. Paul 
a) CREW 
0.7 
CUSTOMER SERVICE REP: APER 
TOTAL Kit 
128 
1.2 
TOTAL Sm 
147 
LEG 
SUINKT 
RCIARTS 
LEO CCTFVUFTS 
LEO COITVI€NTS 
FITTER 
Fuel Vendor UVair Ccfpcfate Fuel Sales: 145.43 
15145.3140145.26 061014 Posled 55.60. Use UVair 
card. (KABE) 
Jet Aviabon 
Ito S410730_02 - Rev. 3.7.14) 
PFUNTED: 71(12014 11:5020AM 
Aircraft provided brduner in the U.S. is operated by a US. FAR Part IN Cerfilkale Air Carrier approved triJc4Autabon. 
EFTA01138413
--- PAGE 14 ---
CUENTTRP REPORT 
le sir NOW1170A1 
FLIGHT NUMBER: 0152014 
RITE ' 330 
OP 'NI 
LOCAL 
NIT 
MN 
WY 
IN MOW 
Ill 
CAT 
NON 
PALM 
MN 
our 
OFF 
ON 
TIM* 
NOM 
160 
mrtY 
ML 
NIKES 
COT 
seats 
TETERBORO 
621/2014 
KTEB 
11:18pm 
03:18 
TETERBORO 
NJ 
T 
29700 
03:18 
0322 
7.2 
3463 
LEVALDIG1 
3459
Ub2 
12:40pm 
1040 
CUM° 
PI 
7+30 
7103 
1040 
UM 
7.4 
3965 
LEVALDIG1 
6ra2014 
LINZ 
6:05pm 
1605 
CUNE-0 
P1 
T 
14900 
1605 
1631 
0.9 
341 
LE BOURGET 
IFPB 
7:31pm 
1731 
PARIS 
IF 
1+12 
10000 
1731 
1723 
1.4 
392 
LE BOURGET 
6.232014 
LFP8 
8:47pm 
18:47 
PARIS 
IF 
P 
10000 
1847 
1857 
0.8 
205 
LUTON 
EGGW 
8:47pm 
1947 
LONDON (LUTON) 
EG 
.54 
6603 
1947 
19:43 
1.0 
236 
LUTON 
6.27/2014 
EGGW 
4:19pm 
15:19 
LONDON (LUTON) 
EG 
T 
29960 
15:19 
1535 
6.9 
2947 
FRANCIS S GABRESKI 
3035
KFOK 
6:31pm 
2231 
WES1RAMPTONBEAC 
NY 
7+12 
8500 
2231 
220 
7.2 
3391 
FRANCIS S GABRESKI 
6.27/2014 
KFOK 
7:01pm 
2301 
WES1RAMPTONBEAC 
NY 
T 
8400 
2301 
2309 
0.5 
TETERBORO 
KTEB 
7:39pm 
2339 
TETERBORO 
NJ 
+30 
6800 
2339 
2337 
0.6 
TRIP A: 160019 
TRIP TYPE: OWN 
USER. Ayionela. LLC 
AIRCRAFT: N624N 
PASSENGERS 
I 
F 
F 
I0 II It 
Pia Otta No* 
Woo Shoal RAO Hid 
Mao CI* 
0.010 
A•• On. 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
Tows 2 
TOTAL FUOG1WE 
16.3 
TOOL 9.000WE 
17.6 
CREW 
PC 
lAhok. Christopher 
SC 
Okrecd. Russell Howard 
CSR 
(SUPP). Tamasco. Kaduna 
(1) CREW 
CUSTOKIER SERVICE REP: ELEF 
TOTAL NIA 
7021 
TOTAL us 
Sow 
110 
SUMOT 
tE003.110193 
I 
OUTOTEL 
LocalSan tilauraio. 39. 12058 Santo Stefano Betio 
Qmeo. 
HOTEL SAN MAURIZIO 
tEOCOMYCHTS 
PUILFR 
c Fuel Vendor UYair Corporate Fuel Sales: 148.63 
LEO COMMITS 
06;18114. Release sere. Indus:es 3334 i1 taxes and fees. 
Use UVar card. (LINZ) 
FUSER 
Fuel Vendor their entente Fuel Sales: 1.$6.08 
Leo caanins 
OM WM a Includes 52.63 per USG in taxes. Use UVerr 
card. (LFPB) 
FIS 
Fuel Vendor their Corporate Fuel Sales: 144.11 
LEO COMBOS 
TIARA 
0&17114 a Taxes inducted. Use Wait cud (EGGW) 
Fuel Vendor Ayluel Corporaeco: 146.62 30146.19 
601.55.97 1001.55.75 150145.54 200145.43 0697/14 
a Posted at $6.92. Use Avast card. IK.FOK) 
.let 
drip0730s02 - Rev. 3.7.14) 
PRINTED: 742014 11:50304/4 
EFTA01138414

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138415.pdf
----------------------------------------
JET 
A GICNCRAL OVNAMICC COIVIPAree 
Avioneta Holdings LLC 
West 57th Street, 43rd Floor 
New York NY 10019 
US 
Invoice 
Invoice Number: 
Invoice Date: 
Due Date: 
Customer No.: 
Aircraft Registration: 
Charges for Time Period: 
900152207 
01/31/2014 
03/02/2014 
2040352 
N624N 
1/2014 
Invoice Total 
$ 383,740 
Total Due this Period 
$ 383,740 
This invoice is due and payable on or before the due date as indicated. Finance charges will begin to accrue at the contracted rate for amounts 
not paid by the due date. 
Remittance Instructions 
For Electronic Payment: 
Credit: 
Citizens Bank of PA 
2001 Market Street. Suite 600 
Philadelphia. PA 19103 
Swift: 
ABA: 
For Payments by C ec 
Jet Aviation Holdings. Inc. 
P.O.Box 510779 
Philadelphia. PA 191750779 
For further credit to: Jet Aviation Holdings. Inc. 
113 Charles A. Lindbergh Drive 
Teterboro, NJ 07608 
Account number: 
EFTA01138415
--- PAGE 2 ---
JET 171/1177111A/ 
A GCNCOAL ovnowit-cc COIVIPAree 
Avioneta Holdings LLC 
January 31, 2014 
Statement of Account 
Invoice number 
Description 
Amount 
900150174 
11/2013 Invoice 
478,067 
900150989 
12/2013 Invoice 
322,933 
Wire 3/8/13 
Customer over payment 
-40 
Past Due Amounts 
800,961 
900152207 
1/2014 Invoice 
383,740 
Total 
1,184,701 
For Informational Purpose Only: 
Start-up Working Capital Fund 
-267,594 
Note: This number is not included and should not be included with the statement balance below. 
Past Due 
Finance Charge 
This Period Invoice 
Total Balance Due 
800.961 
383.740 
1.184.701 
EFTA01138416
--- PAGE 3 ---
Avioneta Holdings LLC 
Executive Summary for N624N 
January 2014 
Financial Performance 
Total Costs 
Monthly 
Actual 
YTD 
Actual 
YTD 
Budget 
Fixed Costs 
$ 
317,672 $ 
317,672 $ 
Variable Costs 
125,548 
125,548 
Non-Operating Costs 
11.047 
11,047 
Charter/Other Income 
Net Costs 
454,267 $ 
454,267 $ 
Hourly Costs 
Variable Maintenance 
Fuel 
AirCrew Trip Expenses 
AirCrew Trans. Expenses 
Aircraft Trip Expenses 
Variable Discounts 
Total Variable Costs/Flight Hour 
Operational Performance 
Utilization 
Total Hours Flown 
Charter Hours Flown 
Leg Count 
Miles Flown 
SM 
Flight Statistics 
Stage Length 
Hrs 
Flight Speed (Transport) MPH 
Load Factor (Passengers) 
Fuel Consumed 
GPH 
Fuel Added In Gallons 
Home Base 
Away from Home Base 
PrIce/Gal(Actual Postings) 
$ 
3,997 $ 
3,997 $ 
2,873 
2,873 
370 
370 
714 
714 
1,078 
1,078 
$ 
9,032 $ 
9,032 $ 
Annual 
Budget 
YTD Actual vs Budget 
$ 
317,672 
125,548 
11,047 
$ 
454,267 
S 
3.997 
2.873 
370 
714 
1.078 
9,032 
Monthly 
Actual 
YTD 
Actual 
YTD 
Budget 
Annual 
Budget 
YTD Actual vs Budget 
% 
13.9 
13.9 
0.0 
0.0 
13.9 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
6,668 
6,668 
3.5 
3.5 
480 
480 
500 
500 
5,854 
5,854 
4.26 
4.26 
EFTA01138417
--- PAGE 4 ---
Statement Detail 
N624N-Avioneta Holdings LLC 
January 2014 
Description 
Actual 
'STD 
Plan 
MTD 
Var 
MTD 
Var% 
Actual 
YTD 
Plan 
YTD 
Var 
YTD 
Var% 
Wages 
$ 
56,809 $ 
$ 
56,809 
$ 
56,809 $ 
$ 
56,809 
Fringe Benefits 
13,066 
13,066 
13,066 
13,066 
Payroll Taxes 
17,958 
17,958 
17,958 
17,958 
Other Compensation 
100,000 
100,000 
100,000 
100,000 
Supplemental Crew -CSR 
1,350 
1,350 
1,350 
1,350 
Training 
750 
750 
750 
750 
Other Costs 
1,044 
1,044 
1,044 
1,044 
Total Right Crew Costs 
190,977 
190,977 
190,977 
190,977 
Hangar Rent 
27,851 
27,851 
27,851 
27,851 
Office/Storage Rent 
125 
125 
125 
125 
Total Hangar Costs 
27,976 
27,976 
27,976 
27,976 
Maint Management 
5,711 
5,711 
5,711 
5,711 
Airframe Annual Contracts 
2,247 
2,247 
2,247 
2,247 
Avionics Annual Contract 
43,158 
43,158 
43,158 
43,158 
Engine Annual Contract 
19,097 
19,097 
19,097 
19,097 
Due Items 
20,111 
20,111 
20,111 
20,111 
Training 
Tool Calibration/Other 
Total Fixed Maintenance 
90,378 
90,378 
90,378 
90,378 
Service Fees 
417 
417 
417 
417 
Total Flight Operations 
417 
417 
417 
417 
Aircraft Management Fee 
7,925 
7,925 
7,925 
7,925 
Total Management Fees 
7,925 
7,925 
7,925 
7,925 
Total Fixed Costs 
$ 
317,672 $ 
$ 
317,672 
$ 
317,672 $ 
$ 
317,672 
Page 1 of 3 
EFTA01138418
--- PAGE 5 ---
Statement Detail 
N624N-Avioneta Holdings LLC 
January 2014 
Description 
Actual 
MTD 
Plan 
MTD 
Var 
MTD 
Var% 
Actual 
YTD 
Plan 
YTD 
Var 
YTD 
Var% 
Post Flights /Departure Svc 
$ 
972 $ 
$ 
972 
$ 
972 $ 
$ 
972 
Airframe Discrepancies 
861 
861 
861 
861 
Avionics Discrepancies 
7,107 
7,107 
7,107 
7,107 
Engine Discrepancies 
1,873 
1,873 
1,873 
1,873 
Interior Discrepancies 
4,865 
4,865 
4,865 
4,865 
Due Items 
31,957 
31,957 
31,957 
31,957 
Airframe Inspections 
5,949 
5,949 
5,949 
5,949 
APU Service Contract 
499 
499 
499 
499 
Aircraft Cleaning 
1,361 
1,361 
1,361 
1,361 
Client Special Request 
Shipping/Other 
Personnel Su 
rt / Uniforms 
Total Variable Maintenance 
55,564 
55,564 
55,564 
55,564 
Fuel 
47,008 
47,008 
47,008 
47,008 
Fuel Discounts 
-7,077 
-7,077 
-7,077 
-7,077 
Total Fuel 
39,931 
39,931 
39,931 
39,931 
Meals 
684 
684 
684 
684 
Hotel 
3,976 
3,976 
3,976 
3,976 
Telephone 
Uniform Cleaning 
Other 
117 
117 
117 
117 
Gratuities 
262 
262 
262 
262 
Total AirCrew Tri. Ex 
ses 
5,145 
5,145 
5,145 
5,145 
Airline Transportation 
8,720 
8,720 
8,720 
8,720 
Ground Transportation 
1,204 
1,204 
1,204 
1,204 
Total AirCrew Trans. Expenses 
9,924 
9,924 
9,924 
9,924 
Cleaning Fee 
521 
521 
521 
521 
Right Planning 
Gratuities 
Landing Fee 
6,391 
6,391 
6,391 
6,391 
Over Flight Fee 
110 
110 
110 
110 
Ramp Fee 
670 
670 
670 
670 
Catering 
2,596 
2,596 
2,596 
2,596 
Ground Handling 
4,085 
4,085 
4,085 
4,085 
Cabin Su lies 
459 
459 
459 
459 
Total Aircraft Tri• Expenses 
14,984 
14,984 
14,984 
14,984 
Total Variable Costs 
$ 
125,548 $ 
$ 
125,548 
$ 
125,548 $ 
$ 
125,548 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA01138419
--- PAGE 6 ---
Statement Detail 
N624N-Avioneta Holdings LLC 
January 2014 
Description 
Actual 
AMID
Plan 
MTD 
Var 
MTD 
Var% 
Actual 
YTD 
Plan 
YTD 
Var 
YTD 
Var% 
Airframe 
$ 
10,229 $ 
$ 
10,229 
$ 
10,229 $ 
$ 
10,229 
Total Purchases & Installation 
10,229 
10,229 
10,229 
10,229 
Startup Costs 
818 
818 
818 
818 
Total Other 
818 
818 
818 
818 
Total Non-Operating Costs 
$ 
11,047 S 
$ 
11,047 
$ 
11,047 $ 
$ 
11,047 
Total Costs 
$ 
454,267 $ 
$ 
454,267 
$ 
454,267 $ 
$ 
454,267 
Net Charges 
$ 
454,267 $ 
$ 
454,2671
$ 
454,267 $ 
$ 
454,267 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA01138420
--- PAGE 7 ---
Statement Summary 
N624N-Avioneta Holdings LLC 
January 2014 
Description 
Actual 
MID 
Plan 
MID 
Var 
MTD 
Var% 
Actual 
YTD 
Plan 
YTD 
Var 
YTD 
Var% 
Right Crew Costs 
190,977 
0 
190,977 
190,977 
190,977 
Hangar Costs 
27,976 
27,976 
27,976 
27,976 
Fixed Maintenance 
90,378 
90,378 
90,378 
90,378 
Right Operations 
417 
417 
417 
417 
Management Fees 
7,925 
7,925 
7,925 
7,925 
Total Fixed Costs 
317,672 
317,672 
317,672 
317,672 
Variable Maintenance 
55,564 
55,564 
55,564 
55,564 
Fuel 
39,931 
39,931 
39,931 
39,931 
AirCrew Trip Expenses 
5,145 
5,145 
5,145 
5,145 
AirCrew Trans. Expenses 
9,924 
9,924 
9,924 
9,924 
Aircraft Trip Expenses 
14,984 
14,984 
14,984 
14,984 
0, 
Total Variable Costs 
125,548 
125,548 
125,548 
125,548 
Purchases & Installation 
10,229 
10,229 
10,229 
10,229 
Other 
818 
818 
818 
818 
Total Non-Operating Costs 
11,047 
11,047 
11,047 
11,047 
Total Costs 
454,267 
454,267 
454,267 
454,267 
Net Charges 
$ 
454,267 $ 
S 
454,267 
$ 
454,267 $ 
$ 
454,267 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA01138421
--- PAGE 8 ---
"NM" Holdings LLC N624N 
Co., Paling Report 
January 2014 
is Tr* 
Dna 
ColegorY 
Mount 
Vendor 
• Desertpdan 
Wages 
(16.638.46) 
JAFS PAYROLL ACCPL 12/11/13 
Wages 
24.402.37 
JAFS PAYROLL 1/3/14 
Waps 
24.482.37 
JAFS PAYROLL 1/17/14 
Waps 
24.482.37 
JAFS PAYROLL ACCRL 1/31/14 
Wages Total 
58.840.18 
Fringe Benefits 
(3.126.161 
JAFS PAYROLL ACCRL 12/11/13 
Fringe Benefit) 
5.530.95 
JAFS PAYROLL 1/3/14 
Fringto Benefit) 
5.530.95 
JAFS PAYROLL 1/17/14 
Fringe Benefits 
5.830.95 
JAFS PAYROLL ACCF0.1131/14 
Fringe Benefit* Total 
13,086.03 
Puree Taxes 
(409.09) 
JAFS PAYROLL ACCPL 12/11/13 
Pe1r0ll Tales 
11.4213 
JAFS PAYROLL 1/3/14 
Pap0ll Tales 
127134 
JAFS PAYROLL 1/17/14 
Payee Taxes 
1.97134 
JAFS PAYROLL ACCPL 1131114 
Payroll Taxes Total 
17.955.02 
Otter COmpentaben 
100.000.00 
JAFS PAYROLL 1/3/14 
Other Compenea0on TOW 
100.000.00 
155015 
Stpplementa Crew t I 
1,350.00 
Jet Professionals. Inc 
1222-122343 K TA1AASCO 
Supplemental Crew (I Total 
1.350010 
Trenn0 
750.00 
01/2014 FLIGHT STANDARDS PROGRAM 
Training Total 
750.00 
Otter Costs 
40.00 
Neches. James 
PHONE 12112/13 INTERNET FOR DECEMBER. 2013. 
Otter Coos 
196.01 
Neches. James 
CELL 12119113 CELL PleDNE FOR DECEMBER. 2013. 
Other Costs 
40.00 
Nafres. James 
PHONE 01/12/14 INTERNET FOR JANUARY. 2014. 
Other Costs 
145.74 
Lanai. LOann 
CELL 01/03/14 
Other Cat: 
6.50 
Leonard. Loam 
UMW. UP 01/01/14 
Other Cents 
2.24 
Leonard. Loam 
MILES 01/22/14 MILEAGE 
Other Costs 
30.00 
Leonard. LOW 
OTH-AIRC 01/22/14 CLEAN DOWN COMFORTER 
Other Costs 
6.50 
Leonard. Loam 
UMF. UP 01122114 CLEAN UNIFORM PANTS 
Other Cents 
128.25 
Leonard. Loam 
CELL 01128114 
Other Cat: 
199.90 
Mhak. Chretaphar 
CELL Obte1114 
Other CMS 
13.47 
Mtok. ChnitOpher 
UMF. UP 01.05:14 
Other CMS 
233.35 
Morrow. Earl K 
CELL °Kens 
Other Costs Total 
124326 
Hangar Rent 
27,651.20 
Jet Aviation Tetertcro LP 
JANUARY 2014 HANGAR 
Hangar Rent Total 
27.851.20 
OntecSIOrage Rent 
124.62 
JR AvlabOn TORERO LP 
JANUARY 2014 OFFICE 
OffICWSIOrage Rent TOW 
12422 
Man) Management 
5,711.48 
0112014 
Main Management Total 
6311.48 
Aim, *no Anrual Cent 
2247.00 
Ouffetream AerelpaCe 
ANNUAL RENEWAL GV OPERATING MAN. 
Marne Annual Cent Total 
2.247.00 
Avionics Anal Colt 
42.661.00 
Duncan Ashen 
HAPP ANNUAL. RENEWAL 2014 
Avionics Annual Cent 
296.00 
Arne Inc 
APING DIRECT FOR OCT. 
Avionics Annual COM Total 
4305840 
Engne Annual Contra 
19.096,50 
Rols-Royce pie 
CORPORATE CARE FEE FEB. 
Engine Annual Contra Total 
19.096.50 
Due hens 
14,325.86 
Gullstream Aerospace 
FO05D DUES 
Da Rama 
197.75 
JR AvlabOn TORERO LP 
UPDATE NOB 
169.50 
Jet Aviallen Teterboro LP 
OW CAMP CODE 100320 ACTIVE CUSTOMER BULLETIN 
Due llama 
Due bens 
189.50 
Jet Aviation retorter° LP 
OW CLIP CODE 101:010 AD RESEARCH. 
Due In 
480.16 
Jet Aviation Teterboro LP 
PORTABLE 02 MASK DUE RESTORE CMP CODE 
3.563.45 
Jet Aviation Telerter0 LP 
OW CUP CODE 243012 243011 RIGHT ANC LEFT 
Due In
Due In
87.50 
Jet Aviation Telerter0 LP 
OW CLIP CCOE 256161 MEDICAL KIT DETAILED 
Due bens 
113.00 
Jet Aviation retorter° LP 
OW CUP CODE 256162 MEDICAL KIT TIME 
Due bens 
226.00 
Jet Aviation retorter° LP 
OW CLIP CODE 256165 256164 MEDICAL KIT 
Due In
56,50 
Jet Aviation Telerter0 LP 
OW CUP CODE 256404 DEF. BATTERY CHECK 
56.50 
NI MINIM Telerter0 LP 
OW CUP CODE 521010 MAIN ENTRANCE DOOR 
Due In
Due In
226.00 
Jet Avalon Teterboro LP 
OW CUP CODE 530201 RADCME TO STRUCTURE 
Due In 
189.50 
Jet Aviation Teterboro LP 
OW CLIP CODES 259205 259206 259204. CREW 
Due Items 
189.50 
Jet Aviation retorter° LP 
OW CUP CODES 710055 710060 ENGINE HEALT 
Dlrs IMme Total 
20.110.51 
Trileing 
50.00 
1/2014 MTX STANDARD PROGRAM 
Training Total 
8080 
Tea Caltnaontth 
4.24 
EastJrit Services USA ea 
12n/1342M/11 
Tool CalibrationOth Total 
4.24 
SerViCa FOOS 
416,67 
0112014 EU CO2 TRACKGEPORT 
Service Fees Total 
41627 
kraal! Management 
7,925.04 
01/2014 
Nmpen Mamgement Total 
722524 
Post Figles trepan 
452.00 
JR AvlaliOn Telert0r0 LP 
COMPLY WITH POSTFLIGHT INSPECTION. 
Pent Figtes 'Depart 
189.50 
Jet Aviation retertoro LP 
DEPARTURE SERVICE REOUIRED. 
Pent Figtes Depart 
350.00 
Jet Aviation retertcro LP 
OW A DEPARTURE SERVICE. 
Post Flight* Mean Total 
971.50 
Airfrarno Olscrepan8 
591.15 
Oultsimem Aerospace 
AIRFRAME DISCR. 
Airframe Disercpano 
96.82 
Jet Aviation retertcro LP 
EXPENDABLES 
Airframe Discrepanci 
15.26 
Jet Aviation Tetertcro LP 
EXPENDABLES 
Wren* OiSCNIMAO 
150.77 
Jet Avalon TORERO LP 
EXPENDABLES 
Wren* OiSVCOanD 
7.63 
Jet Aviation Toledo° LP 
EXPENDABLES 
wratrlIWIC 
Page 1 044 
EFTA01138422
--- PAGE 9 ---
Avloneta Holdings LLC H62411 
CON Posting Maori 
January 2014 
ea Trip 
Expenee Category 
Arnow! it  Vendor 
Desertpdan 
ICAO 
Fuel 
Airframe Discrepanci Total 
861.43 
Amass. Dacroparct 
4.016.75 
Gullstream Aerospace 
AVIONICS DISCR. 
America CM0eparC. 
621.50 
Jet Aviation TelectOr0 LP 
DOWM.000 OF FDA Ant OAR 
Avfonrce 06CreparC. 
593.26 
Jet Avlallen Telertcero LP 
RESEARCH FDA CORRATON REPORT. 
Avionics Deacparc. 
1.875.00 
Jet Avialion THerbaro LP 
CUSTOIAER REOUESTS DOWNLOAD OF FOR AND OAR 
Avionics Dlscrepancl Total 
7,105.60 
Ergo° CASOMparClee 
1973.35 
OultsVeam ABA:Space 
ENO. DISCOS 
Engine Discrepancies Total 
1.873.35 
Hier Daaepanci 
1.585.16 
Gullstream Aerospace 
INTERIOR DISCR 
Hier Daaepanci 
56.50 
Jet Avialion relator° LP 
CAPT. SIDE MASTER WARN PLANEL BACK LIGHT 
tenor Dacreparze 
67.50 
Jet Avialicn THertoro LP 
COCKPIT KEEP OUT ZONE PLACARD MISSING. 
°00r CASCreparSi 
67.50 
Jet Aviation Telecta0 LP 
ENGINE VIBRATOR CARD INCORRECT IN COCKP 
enOr CASCreparCi 
2257.75 
Jet AvIallOn TOWS.° LP 
REVIEW PLACARDS DRAWINGS AND UPDATE AC 
war Oar:scream 
1216 
Jet Avialicn THertoro LP 
RESEARCH MD ORDER REOUESTED FtACARDS. 
war Oar:scream 
tenor DISCrePantl Total 
777.69 
Jet Avialion Teterboro LP 
4.864.96 
RESEARCH AND ORDER REQUESTED FtACARDS. 
Due barns 
31.957.11 
Oulletream Aer0Mace 
100CHR DUES 
Due *ems Total 
31.987.11 
Airframe Inssoarans 
5949.11 
Gulfstream Aerospace 
AIRFRAME INSP DISCR 
Airframe Inspedkona TOIN 
5.949.11 
APU Service COntracl 
498.68 
Haoenwell Inc IMSP) 
MSP FEE FOR DEC 
APU Service Contract To
496.68 
Aircraft Cleaning 
546.02 
Jet Avialicn relator° LP 
AIRCRAFT CLEANING 12,30.1/5 
Aircraft Cleaning 
815.11 
Jet Aviation TeliatOr0 LP 
AIRCRAFT CLEANING 1:6.1112/14 
Merritt Clewing Total 
1,361.13 
Client Spocol Rcque 
56.50 
Jet Avialion Teteetcro LP 
COST REQUEST At BECOING TO BE INSTALLED INTO AC 
Client Special Roque Total 
86.80 
Sh0Png Other 
24.27 
Federal Elven 
12.05/3 
Sh0Pn9COss 
20.22 
Federal Ewen 
12111/13 
ShIppIngtither Total 
34.38 
Personnel Support 
29.57 
Van Vakonburg. Kenn 
PHONE 11127(13 
Personnel Supper' / THAI 
29.57 
Fuel 
7,397.50 
Unhareal WeNher & kAal/C41 
12/08/13 
KOPF 1345 Gal 
Fuel 
21.253.36 
Unrcona Weather & Anation 
11/24f13 
sea 5.164 Gal 
Fuel 
2.610.00 
Guilztream Aerospace Corp. 
102213 
89130( 
590 Gal 
Fuel 
16.746.86 
Jet Aviation Teterboro LP 
12.22(13 
MEG 2269 Gal 
Fuel Total 
47.007.72 
Fuel Oscoont 
(807.00) 
Unlrereal Weather & AHMC41 
1208/13 
KOPF .1345 Gal 
Fuel Discount 
(2.412.02) 
Universal Weather & Anaticn 
11/24(13 
sea -5.194 Gal 
Fuel Discount 
(3.857.30) 
Jet AVialiCil THortoro LP 
12/22113 
KTEB 2.269 Gal 
Fuel CIIMMall TOM 
(7,077.12) 
155928 
Meals.6realdast 
20.39 
Naples. James 
KVNY 01/I6/14 
155928 
Meals Breakrast 
20.39 
Rastas. James 
KVNY 01/I9'14 
155928 
/real: Breaeasi 
21.39 
Leonard. Loam 
KVNY 01/19/14 
155928 
Sisals Breaeast 
20.39 
Leered. Loam 
KVNY 01119114 
155928 
Sisals Breaeast 
27.50 
LeOnerd. Learn 
KVNY 04/20/14 
Meals-Breakfast ToIM 
10016 
155015 
Meal: Lurch 
15.25 
Leonard. Loam 
TIM 1231/13 
155015 
/Mats Lunch 
60.00 
woo. Chretopher 
TNCM 1223,13 
155928 
Maals Lurch 
21.40 
Naples. James 
KVNY 04/16/14 
155928 
Moat: Lurch 
7.04 
Rastas. James 
KVNY 01119114 
155928 
Meals Lurch 
16.50 
Leonard. Loam 
XSCA 01,m14 
155926 
Meals Lurch 
21.50 
Leonard. Warm 
*WRY 01/16/14 
Meals-Lunch Total 
241.60 
155015 
Meals Onner 
3.73 
Rastas. James 
KTEB 01107/14 
155015 
Meals Orme( 
8630 
Marrow. Earl K 
TNCM 12,2213 CREW DINNER 
155015 
Meals Conner 
124.86 
Morrow. Earl K 
TNCM 12/30,13 MORROW.NAPHAS.LEONARD 
155928 
Meals Conner' 
14.44 
Wee. James 
WRY 01117114 
155928 
Meal: Conner 
91.30 
Rastas. James 
WAN 01/101143 CREW 
155928 
Moat• Conner 
62.26 
Rastas. James 
KVNY 01/19/142 CREW 
155928 
Moat: Conner 
29.50 
Leonard. Loam 
KVNY 01/17/14 
155928 
Meals Conner' 
50.33 
Leered. Warn 
*WRY 01/19114 
Meals-DInner Total 
442.12 
155015 
Hotel 
266.20 
Tamasco. Kabeerne 
TMIASCO RCM 1223113 
155015 
14394 
152.46 
Rastas. James 
KTEB 12,33.13 
155015 
Mist 
346.20 
WW1. James 
TNCM 01/01/14 
155015 
Mel 
346.20 
NaCerae. James 
TNCM 12/31/13 
155015 
Hotel 
346.20 
Leonard. Loam 
TNCM 01/01/14 
155015 
Hotel 
418.66 
Leonard. Loam 
TNCM 1241/13 HOTEL EWR/ HOTEL IN TNCA1 
155015 
Holel 
266.20 
Mrs& Chratooller 
TNCM 12/23,13 
155015 
Holel 
266.20 
Morrow. Earl K 
TNCM 01101/14 
155015 
Hotel 
226.20 
Morrow. Ead K 
1NCA1 12/22/13 
155015 
Hotel 
152.46 
Morrow. Ead K 
TSUI 12)30'I3 
155015 
Holel 
266.20 
Morrtm, Earl K 
TNCM 12/31/13 
155928 
Hotel 
153.75 
NaChati, James 
KVNY 01/17/14 
155928 
Hotel 
153.75 
Rastas. Jamas 
KVNY 01/16/14 
155928 
Hole 
153.75 
Rastas. Jamas 
KVNY 01/19/14 
155928 
Wei 
153.75 
Leonard. Loam 
KVNY 01/17114 
155928 
Hotel 
153.75 
Leonard. Loam 
KVNY 01/16/14 
Page 2 014 
EFTA01138423
--- PAGE 10 ---
ATIonet• Floldlnari LLC N624N 
VOM Postlag Report 
January 2014 
TRO 
it  Expon,* Calellohl 
Amourd 
Vindor 
• DearlplIon 
sr ICAO 
155928 
Ittel 
153.75 
Leonard. Loam 
KVNY 01119/14 
Morla Total 
3.97517 
155015 
Telepare 
10.00 
Temaan. KaMerne 
TAMASCO INOM 12/23,13 
155015 
Telephane 
15.00 
Naphas. Jamos 
TIVCS10111)1/14 INTERNET 
155015 
Tekel-ene 
16.00 
Raskes. James 
TNC61 1241/13 INTERNET 
155015 
Tekel-ene 
16.00 
Leonard. Loarm 
TRON' 1241/13 INTERNET FEE FOR 24 HOURS 
155015 
Telepine 
4.50 
MOM». Ead K 
TVCM 01/02/14 
155015 
Telepine 
10.50 
bkorrow. Eau K 
INCM 1241/13 
Telephone Total 
73.40 
155015 
Union Cbaning 
6.10 
Napas. James 
KTEB 1213323 
155928 
Uniform Cbaning 
6.10 
Napas. James 
KTEB 01/17/14 
155928 
Union °KUND* 
1330 
Leonard. team 
KTED 01/17/14 
155928 
Union ChaaNna 
9.00 
Leonard. LOarhrl 
KVNY 
5/14 
Uniform Cleaning Total 
3410 
155015 
Other 
1.84 
Narkos. James 
KTEB 1213913 POSTAGE 
155015 
Other 
4.50 
Napnas. James 
TNCM 01/01/14 SNACK 
155015 
Other 
8.00 
Leonid. team 
INCM 1241/13 WATER AND SNACK 
155015 
Ohm 
99.00 
Morrmv. Earl K 
TNCIA 1223/13 CREW TRANSPORT FROM EWR TO TES 
155928 
Other 
1.12 
Napas. James 
KUB 0147/14 POSTAGE 
155928 
Olh9I 
2.60 
Napmop. James 
ICVW 01/1394 SNACK 
OM« Total 
116.56 
155015 
Gratiatie: 
5.00 
Tamast*. Kaderns 
TAMASCORTEB 1~3 
155015 
Grattat: 
10.00 
Aktas. James 
TNCM 01/01/14 HOTEL SERVICE 
155015 
Oratult108 
10.00 
Napros. Jamas 
INCM 12/31/13 ROTEL SERVICE 
155015 
Oralt/bes 
5.00 
Leonard. team 
TICM 01/01/14 ROTEL TIM. 
155015 
Oration.: 
5.00 
Leonard. Loam 
TNCM 01312/14 HOTEL GRATUfTY 
155015 
Oration.: 
5.00 
Leonard. Loam 
TNCM 1241/13 ROTEL TIP 
155015 
Gratures 
2050 
MIX*. CaratOpher 
KTEB 122243 UNE TIPS 
155015 
Oranges 
10.00 
elas. CaratOpher 
TNCM 122913 TIPS 
155015 
Oration.: 
10.00 
Merrow. Earl K 
KTED 1922/13 PAX LUGGAGE HANOUNG TIP PER PAX 
155015 
Grattats 
4600 
Morras. Earl K 
TIST 1222/13 PAX HANDUNG AND OUICK TURN 
155015 
Omturnes 
60.00 
MOrrOw. Earl K 
TNCM 01/52/14 TRANSPORT TO AIRPORT.PAX HANDLING 
155015 
Orateitee 
50.00 
Morrow. Earl K 
TNCM 1222/13 RANDUNG BP AND TRANSPORT TO HOTEL 
155928 
Gratiale: 
2.00 
Napas. James 
KVNY 01/17/14 ROTEL SERVICE 
155928 
Gratinle: 
4.00 
Napas. James 
KVNY 01/10414 HOTEL SERVICE 
155928 
Gratiole: 
4.00 
Rankas. James 
KVNY 01/19/14 ROTEL SERVICE 
155928 
GIRRIII9S 
2.00 
Nachas James 
KVNY 0120/141101EL SERVICE 
155928 
GIRRIII9S 
5.00 
Leosyd. Loaln 
141/W 01/17114 HOTEL ORATUITY 
155928 
Grattole: 
5.00 
Leonard. Loam 
KVNY 01/18/14 ROTEL GRATUITY 
155928 
Gratinle: 
5.00 
Leonard. Loam 
KVNY 01/19/14 ROTEL GRATLI ITY 
155928 
Grattande 
5.00 
Leonard. Loam 
KVNY 0120/14 HO1EL TIP 
°Malde* TOMI 
262.00 
155015 
MIM Transportaa 
1.342.70 
Tamaste Kelren,. 
TAMASCOKIEB 12122/13 
155015 Mine Transportaa 
1.35620 
Abghas. James 
KTEB 1241/1311AL EWR.TNCM 
155015 
Alen. Transponab 
1,509.20 
Leonard. Loan 
TNCM 12.31/13 AIRFARE EWR TO ST. MAARIEN 
155015 
Mine Transponan 
1,388.70 
Mixa. Ch03100her 
INCM 12292 
155015 
Airlie Transponals 
1.413,45 
Mormer. Earl K 
114011122913 UNITED AIR TO EWR 
155015 
Aidile Transponals 
1.679.65 
lAarronv. Earl K 
1140111240/13 EWRTNCM 
/Mila* TraMpOriall Total 
8.719.90 
154068 
Oround Transports:lo 
902.00 
UnlyersallVealheril AVSOOP1 
11,22/13 
155015 
Ground Transport/ha 
15.00 
Morrat Ud K 
114011122913 CREW TRANSPORT TO AIRPORT (INCAD 
155015 
Ground Transpertatia 
99.00 
Morrat Earl I( 
1140111241913 CREW TRANSPORT TEB.EWR 
155015 
Oround Transports,* 
15,00 
Morras. Earl K 
INGA 1241/13 CREW TRANSPORT TO HOTEL 
155928 
Oround Transportal* 
12667 
Naglas. James 
KVNY 01/1714 CAR RENTAL 
155928 
Ground Transportabe 
23.10 
Napes. James 
KVNY 01/15414 PARKIND 
155928 
Ground Transgortato 
23.10 
Napes. James 
KVNY 01/19/14 PARKIND 
Oround Tran4portall* Total 
1303.87 
154068 
Cleaning Fee 
400.00 
UnkrereallVeabera Avialfen 
11/22113 
154762 
Charma Fee 
50.00 
Universal Weatter & Mattan 
124413 
155015 
teaning Fao 
27.00 
Leonard. Loam 
TNCM 014/2/14 CLEAN 18 URENS $1.50EACH$27.00 
155928 li naning Fce 
teaning Fe* Total 
44.00 
Leonard. Loam 
521.00 
KSDL 012504 CLEAN 16LINENS 221.50 EACH4324.00 &I 
154068 
FIghr. 'namn, 
FlIght Planing Total 
56.60 
Unkereal 'Namnet il Avle1101 
56.80 
11/24/13 
155015 
Gratiale: 
10.00 
Leonard. Loam 
TNCM 0122/14 RAMP TIP 
155928 
Grabbes 
20.00 
Naphas. James 
145C4. 0112214 RAMP SERVICE 
155928 
Grabbes 
2050 
Naphas. James 
KVNY 01/17/14 RAMP SERVICE 
155928 
Gratiatio: 
20.00 
Abghas. James 
KVNY 01/25/14 RAMP SERVICE 
155928 
Gratiatio: 
5.00 
Leonard. Loam 
KSIX 0121914 RAMP TIP 
155928 
Grabbes 
10.00 
Leonard. LOann 
MED 01/17/14 CORCIERGE & RAMP TIP 
155928 
Grabbes 
5.00 
Leonard. LOann 
KVNY 01/17/14 RAMP TIP 
155928 
Gratiatio: 
5.00 
Leonard. Loam 
KVNY 01/20/14 PAMP TIP 
Grande'« Total 
96.00 
152319 
Landing Feg 
588.25 
Port Aultor4yol New Vak and NJ 
9/1093 
152514 
Landing Fee 
588.25 
Port Ateorly of New Vak end NJ 
50393 
152518 
Lading Fot 
588.25 
Pat Authorly of New Vak and NJ 
»2413 
152519 
Lading Fot 
588.25 
Pat Authoriyol New Vak and NJ 
W15.113 
154059 
Landing Feg 
119.46 
Port Atehorty 01 New Tt* and NJ 
11/1/13 
154068 
Landkrig Fee 
3.668.11 
UniversalWeathor& AvIe1101 
11/22/13 
RIM 
Page 3 d4 
EFTA01138424
--- PAGE 11 ---
ATIOnNa Heading. LLC N624N 
COM Peeling Report 
January 2014 
Trip 
Mina CONSPHY 
knetet 
w VierSer 
154068 
Landing Foe 
250.00 
Lhitersal 'Neater 8 Aviation 
11,22)13 LANDING PERMIT 
Landing Fee Total 
6390.67 
154068 
Over Figm Fee 
110.00 
Un/tereal Weather S Aviseen 
11/77713 
Over Flight Fee Total 
110,00 
154068 
Ramp Fee 
220.00 
Unitersal %Yeager 8 Aviabon 
11/22113 
154762 
Ramp Fee 
450.00 
Unitersal %Yeager B Aviabon 
128113 
Ramp Fee Total 
57000 
154068 
Catering 
864.94 
Unwersal Weather & Amason 
11/22113 
155015 
Catering 
879.56 
Rugs innate Calortr.g 
1222/13 
155015 
Catering 
497.28 
Carmel height Cxecrg Inc 
12/27/13 
155015 
Catering 
80.68 
Tamasco. Kadierne 
TAMASCOKFEB 12.22/13 
155926 
Caller hg 
367.67 
Gourmet inert Gown° Inc 
1117114 
155926 
CONN 
105.57 
L90nard. Leann 
KTEB 01117114 CHEESESYCOURTS-FRUIT.COCKIES.SNACKS 
Catering Total 
2.606.90 
148313 
Ground Harding 
375.10 
Uniform! 'Neater a Aviabon 
Wall 3 
154068 
Ground Handing 
2260.06 
UnntersailVeather d Arleen 
11/77113 
154068 
Ground Handing 
1.430.00 
UnntersailVeatherS Avialge 
11122(13 HANDUNO. COMM FEES 
Ground Handling Total 
4.085.16 
Cabin Suppers 
14.92 
Tamasco. Ka/Jima.* 
TAMASCOKTEB 1222,13 
Cabin Supplies 
32.00 
Leonard. Leann 
TNCM 01201114 TOWELS&SNACKS 
Cabin Supplies 
95.21 
Leonard. Loam 
CS SUPPL 0UO3lI4 MAGADNES-7JUITAOSUPPLIES 
Cabin Supplies 
197.58 
Leonard. Loam 
CS SUPPL 01.135/14 33 WHITE PURE LIKEN NAPKINS 
Cabin Supplies 
68.35 
Leonard. Loam 
KYNY 01110114 LIAGP2ItES.COFFEE.SNACKS ETC. 
Cabin Supplies 
51.40 
Leonard. Loam 
CS SUPPL 01/22/14 MAGAZINESTOILETRIESORINKS 
Cabin Supplies TOM 
459.46 
Airframe 
10228.57 
Gull: ream Aerospace 
OAR INSTALL 
Airframe Total 
10.228.67 
Slants, CON 
130.68 
Mendel F. Perry Oba 
CONFORMITY Travel Expense Crew TrrigS N624N 
Starts, COSH 
437.50 
Raymond A Smith 00a 
CONFORMITY RESOLUTION N624.1 
Start,. Costs 
250.00 
Raymond A Smith dta 
CONFORMITY RESOLUTION N624N 
Startup Coats Total 
818.18 
TOMI 
454256.66 
Previously Invoked 
70.526.135 
Invdce number 930152317 
Grand Total 
183.719.81 
ICAO - Rail 
Page 4 M4 
EFTA01138425
--- PAGE 12 ---
CLIENT TRIP REPORT 
le 
JET 
FUGHT NUMBER: 0392013 
DAWN!. 
Wall 
LOCJL 
WI 
ME 
OIN 
MCGANN 
at 
CAT 
MON 
MINN 
Mill 
our 
Off 
NI 
ILI ME 
MAIM 
no 
OUT! 
NIL 
NIKES 
MW 
SELLS 
TETERBORO 
12/222013 
KTEB 
5:40pm 
2240 
TETERBORO 
NJ 
T 
21650 
2240 
2246 
3.2 
1427 
CYRIL E KING 
2269 
TIST 
10:02pm 
0202 
ST THOMAS IS. 
ST 
3t30 
IMO 
0202 
0158 
3.4 
1642 
CYRIL E KING 
121222013 
DST 
10:25pm 
0225 
ST THOMAS IS. 
ST 
T 
IMO 
0225 
02:31 
0.4 
108 
PRINCESS JULIANA 
TNCM 
11:COpm 
0300 
PHILIPSBURG 
SM 
t36 
8303 
0300 
0255 
0.6 
124 
PRINCESS JUUANA 
1122014 
TNCLI 
1:10pm 
17:10 
PHILIPSBURG 
SM 
T 
24000 
17:10 
1720 
4.0 
1478 
TETERBORO 
1202
MB 
4:29pm 
2129 
I TETERBORO 
NJ 
3.54 
IS 
10400 
2129 
2122 
4.3 
I 
1701 
TRIP 9: 155015 
TRIP TYPE: OWN 
USER. Avionela. LLC 
AIRCRAFT: N624N 
PASSENGERS 
a
:
:
.
:
, 
e 
a 
le 
II 
It 
limit.% Pinto 
X 
Beat MAW& Sinai 
X 
setae...nese 
X 
X 
itick.Joitui 
X 
X 
ONO 
LEA. 
X 
X 
Elea Naas Relial 
X 
runituxu.Antin A 
TOWS' 3 
TOTAL F UGH! 11100 
TOIAL BLOCK NE 
7.6 
CUSTOMER SERVICE REP: ELEF 
CREW 
PC 
Meow. Earl Kenreth 
SC 
lAhck.Christopter 
SC 
Kt:what James Harry 
CSR 
(SUPP) - Tamasco. Kathrna 
CSR 
Leonard. Lo Ann D. 
(1) CREW 
TOT/AIM 
3013 
TOTW Sxt 
3467 
110 
NO/41 
INWAIN3 
LEG COMP45 
CAIWS8 
LEG CCOMP45 
Weer 
FLEUR 
c Fuel Vendx UVair Gyp:rate Fuel Sales: 1.57.82 
LEOCOWINIS 
12/17/13 a Posed $7.99. Use UVerr card. (nsT) 
FIALIP 
c Fuel Vendor UVair Ccfixtate Fuel Sales: 1.53.93 
12/26/13. Irdurfes $0.28 per USG iu taxes. Release sent. 
Use UVar card. (INCA 
Jel Aviation 
do carip0730_02 - Rev. 3.7.14) 
PRINTED: 2872014 4:26S5PM 
EFTA01138426
--- PAGE 13 ---
WENT TRP REPORT 
le 
SET NIIIIMOM 
FLIGHT NUMBER: 0012014 
NIT i LEO 
0. AR 
UNA 
NIT 
MN 
CST 
waxwing 
ma 
CAT 
NON 
PALOS 
RUN 
our 
OW 
CM 
n7 MR 
SAME 
KO 
IXrtY 
ML 
NIKES 
Cal 
SUMS 
TETERBORO 
1117/2014 
KTEB 
4:COpm 
2120 
TETERBORO 
NJ 
T 
23000 
2120 
21/6 
5.1 
2134 
VAN NUYS 
1937 
I 
KVNY 
6:15pm 
02:15 
VAN NUYS 
CA 
5.36 
6500 
02:15 
0229 
5.3 
2456 
VAN NUYS 
I/20.2014 
KVNY 
10:42am 
1642 
VAN NUYS 
CA 
T 
11000 
I8A2 
1650 
1.0 
330 
SCOTTSDALE 
610
KSDL 
12:51pm 
1951 
SCOTTSDALE 
AZ 
146 
7250 
1951 
1950 
1.2 
380 
SCOTTSDALE 
17202014 
KS01 
4:18pm 
23:18 
SCOTTSDALE 
AZ 
T 
19500 
23:18 
2320 
3.8 
1649 
TETERBORO 
1905
KTEB 
10:21pm 
0321 
TETERBORO 
NJ 
446 
6600 
0321 
03:15 
4.1 
2128 
TRIP #: 155928 
TRIP TYPE: OWN 
USER. Avioneta. LLC 
AIRCRAFT: N624N 
PASSENGERS 
[fact Cova 
flack Le, Cisal 
itsfica 
Mu* R Own= 
I 
a 
$ 
II 
IT 
WC. 
X 
X 
x 
X 
X 
x 
X 
x 
X 
MINE 3 
lam Fmainek 
9.9 
CUSTOM R SERVICE REP: ELEF 
1004. Map& 
10.6 
CREW 
PIC 
Naphas. James Harry 
SIC 
Wok. Chistopher 
CSR 
Leonard. Lo Ann D. 
(1) CREW 
TOTAL rim 
4313 
TOTAL Ma 
4963 
LEG 
SUIJKT 
AtIOARLS 
LEG cusinms 
LTG CC4AVEMS 
ratan 
AT 010 
LEG WHIMS 
FvEllf 
Rat Vendor Strive Fight Swoon: 1.$4.70111694 
Posled 36.02. 603 gallons waives $391 handing lee. Use 
War card cny. (KVNY) 
SAVOYA 
arthJaruanr 12:00pn Sedan arranged 93 tack up Mr 
Dnver wd drop off Mr. Markand WI the Mrs. Mark 
shoppirig. Driver vita wad while Mrs. Bladk s shopping and 
will rectum back to 
pill up Mr. Back and then commie to the arport 
fora 4pm deperhate. 
Confirmation MI841342 
Rai Vendor Landnark Ream: 144.80 01114/14 > 
Posted $7.59. Use Avcard ody. (KSOL) 
1=P 
Jet Aviation 
Ito carip0730 J142 - Rev. 33.14J 
PRINTED: 2672014 4:2655PM 
EFTA01138427

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138428.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138428.pdf
----------------------------------------
JET 171/1177111A/ 
A GCNCOAL ovnowit-cc COIVIPAree 
Avioneta Holdings LLC 
West 57th Street, 43rd Floor 
New York NY 10019 
US 
Invoice 
Invoice Number: 
Invoice Date: 
Due Date: 
Customer No.: 
Aircraft Registration: 
Charges for Time Period: 
900156636 
06/13/2014 
07/13/2014 
2040352 
N624N 
5/2014 
Invoice Total 
331,236.97 
Total Due this Period 
$ 331,236.97 
This invoice is due and payable on or before the due date as indicated. Finance charges will begin to accrue at the contracted rate for amounts 
not paid by the due date. 
Remittance Instructions 
For Electronic Payment: 
Credit: 
Citizens Bank of PA 
2001 Market Street. Suite 600 
Philadel i hia. PA 19103 
m
Swift: 
ABA: 
For Payments by Check: 
Jet Aviation Holdings. Inc. 
P.O.Box 510779 
Philadelphia. PA 191750779 
For further credit to: Jet Aviation Holdings. Inc. 
113 Charles A. Lindbergh Drive 
Teterboro, NJ 07608 
Account number: 
EFTA01138428
--- PAGE 2 ---
JET 171/1177111A/ 
A GCNCOAL ovnowit-cc COIVIPAree 
Avioneta Holdings LLC 
June 13, 2014 
Statement of Account 
Invoice number 
Description 
Amount 
900155232 
4/2014 Invoice 
297.428.50 
900155427 
N624N Add Invoice 
525,273.33 
Wire 3/8/13 
Customer payment 
-39.55 
Past Due Amounts 
822,662.28 
900156636 
5/2014 Invoice 
331,236.97 
Total 
1,153,899.25 
For Informational Purpose Only: 
Start-up Working Capital Fund 
-792,867.33 
Note: This number is not included and should not be included with the statement balance below. 
Past Due 
Finance Charge 
This Period Invoice 
Total Balance Due 
822.662.28 
331,236.97 
1,153,899.25 
EFTA01138429
--- PAGE 3 ---
Avioneta Holdings LLC 
Executive Summary for N624N 
May 2014 
Financial Performance 
Total Costs 
Fixed Costs 
Variable Costs 
Non-Operating Costs 
Charter/Other Income 
Monthly 
Actual 
YTD 
Actual 
YTD 
Budget 
Annual 
Budget 
YTD Actual vs Budget 
204,147 $ 
1,079,630 $ 
$ 
1,079,630 
75,217 
566,826 
566,826 
20,244 
61,013 
61,013 
31,628 
196,639 
196,639 
Net Costs 
S 
331,237 $ 
1,904,108 $ 
$ 
1,904,108 
Hourly Costs 
Variable Maintenance 
Fuel 
AirCrew Trip Expenses 
AirCrew Trans. Expenses 
Aircraft Trip Expenses 
Variable Discounts 
S 
1.554 
$ 
1.441 $ 
1,554 $ 
1.631 
3,267 
3.267 
200 
346 
346 
173 
173 
3.407 
1,844 
1.844 
Total Variable Costs/Flight Hour 
6,716 
7,184 
$ 
7,184 
Operational Performance 
Utilization 
Total Hours Flown 
Charter Hours Flown 
Leg Count 
Miles Flown 
SM 
Flight Statistics 
Stage Length 
Hrs 
Flight Speed (Transport) MPH 
Load Factor (Passengers) 
Fuel Consumed 
GPH 
Fuel Added In Gallons 
Home Base 
Away from Home Base 
Price/Gal(Actual Postings) 
Monthly 
Actual 
YTD 
Actual 
YTD 
Budget 
Annual 
Budget 
YTD Actual vs Budget 
% 
11.2 
78.9 
0.0 
0.0 
78.9 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
5,298 
38,633 
3.4 
3.7 
496 
498 
509 
513 
3,653 
20,672 
2,210 
20,380 
4.94 
4.89 
EFTA01138430
--- PAGE 4 ---
Statement Summary 
N624N-Avioneta Holdings LLC 
May 2014 
Description 
Actual 
AMID
Plan 
MTD 
Var 
MTD 
Var% 
Actual 
AUDI
Plan 
YTD 
Var 
YTD 
Var% 
Right Crew Costs 
127,504 
127,504 
643,305 
643,305 
Hangar Costs 
27,976 
27,976 
141,249 
141,249 
Insurance 
29,540 
29,540 
Fixed Maintenance 
38,326 
38,326 
221,827 
221,827 
Right Operations 
2,417 
2,417 
4,083 
4,083 
Management Fees 
7,925 
7,925 
39,625 
39,625 
Total Fixed Costs 
204,147 
204,147 
1,079,630 
1,079,630 
Variable Maintenance 
16,138 
16,138 
122,573 
122,573 
Fuel 
18,268 
18,268 
257,796 
257,796 
AirCrew Trip Expenses 
2,235 
2,235 
27,295 
27,295 
AirCrew Trans. Expenses 
422 
422 
13,641 
13,641 
Aircraft Trip Expenses 
38,153 
38,153 
145,521 
145,521 
Total Variable Costs 
75,217 
75,217 
566,826 
566,826 
Purchases & Installation 
10,229 
10,229 
Other 
20,244 
20,244 
50,785 
50,785 
Total Non-Operating Coats 
20,244 
20,244 
61,013 
61,013 
Charter/Interchange 
119,119 
119,119 
284,129 
284,129 
Total Charter/Interchange Cost 
119,119 
119,119 
284,129 
284,129 
Total Costs 
418,727 
418,727 
1,991,598 
1,991,598 
Other Income 
-87,490 
-87,490 
-87,490 
-87.490 
Total Other Income 
-87,490 
-87,490 
47,490 
-87,490 
Net Charges 
$ 
331,237 $ 
$ 
331,237 
$ 1,904,108 $ 
$ 1,904,108 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA01138431
--- PAGE 5 ---
Statement Detail 
N624N-Avioneta Holdings LLC 
May 2014 
Description 
Actual 
Min 
Plan 
MTD 
Var 
PHD 
Var% 
Actual 
YTD 
Plan 
YTD 
Var 
YTD 
Var% 
Wages 
$ 
61,967 $ 
$ 
61,967 
$ 
274,428 $ 
$ 
274,428 
Fringe Benefits 
14,252 
14,252 
63,118 
63,118 
Payroll Taxes 
5,153 
5,153 
34,932 
34,932 
Other Compensation 
100,000 
100,000 
Supplemental Crew - Pilot 
5,760 
5,760 
28,260 
28,260 
Supplemental Crew - CSR 
4,350 
4,350 
Physicals 
380 
380 
Dues 
100 
100 
Employment Costs 
222 
222 
515 
515 
Uniforms 
761 
761 
861 
861 
Simulator Training 
116,400 
116,400 
Training Discount 
-39,490 
-39,490 
Travel Expense 
1,767 
1,767 
5,076 
5,076 
Training 
36,429 
36,429 
49,226 
49,226 
Other Costs 
1,193 
1,193 
5,148 
5,148 
Total Flight Crew Costs 
127,504 
127,504 
643,305 
643,305 
Hangar Rent 
27,851 
27,851 
140,626 
140,626 
OfficelStorage Rent 
125 
125 
623 
623 
Total Hangar Costs 
27,976 
27,976 
141,249 
141,249 
Hull Insurance 
16,240 
16,240 
Liability Insurance 
13,300 
13,300 
Total Insurance 
29,540 
29,540 
Maint Management 
5,711 
5,711 
28,557 
28,557 
Airframe Annual Contracts 
13,711 
13,711 
Avionics Annual Contract 
590 
590 
44,633 
44,633 
Engine Annual Contract 
19,097 
19,097 
95,483 
95,483 
Cabin System Annual Contracts 
200 
200 
504 
504 
Due Items 
12,674 
12,674 
38,669 
38,669 
Training 
250 
250 
Tool Calibration/Other 
Total Fixed Maintenance 
38,326 
38,326 
221,827 
221,827 
Service Fees 
2,417 
2,417 
4,083 
4,083 
Total Right Operations 
2,417 
2,417 
4,083 
4,083 
Aircraft Management Fee 
7,925 
7,925 
39,625 
39,625 
Total Management Fees 
7,925 
7,925 
39,625 
39,625 
Total Fixed Costs 
$ 
204,147 $ 
$ 
204,147 
$ 1,079,630 $ 
$ 1,079,630 
Page 1 of 3 
EFTA01138432
--- PAGE 6 ---
Statement Detail 
N624N-Avioneta Holdings LLC 
May 2014 
Description 
Actual 
AMI
D
Plan 
MTD 
Var 
MTh 
Var% 
Actual 
YTD 
Plan 
YTD 
Var 
YTD 
Var% 
Post Flights /Departure Svc 
$ 
1,794 $ 
$ 
1,794 
$ 
7,691 $ 
$ 
7,691 
Airframe Discrepancies 
6,002 
6,002 
10,688 
10,688 
Avionics Discrepancies 
1,010 
1,010 
29,070 
29,070 
Engine Discrepancies 
1,873 
1,873 
Interior Discrepancies 
871 
871 
8,687 
8,687 
Due Items 
797 
797 
32,754 
32,754 
Mandatory SB's and AD's 
2,276 
2,276 
2,276 
2,276 
Airframe Inspections 
5,949 
5,949 
Wheel Overhaul/Tire Changes 
4,138 
4,138 
APU Service Contract 
1,247 
1,247 
5,121 
5,121 
Aircraft Cleaning 
1,885 
1,885 
13,591 
13,591 
Client Special Request 
215 
215 
272 
272 
Shipping/Other 
329 
329 
Personnel Support / Uniforms 
135 
135 
Total Variable Maintenance 
16,138 
16,138 
122,573 
122,573 
Fuel 
25,603 
25,603 
315,912 
315,912 
Fuel Discounts 
-7,334 
-7,334 
-58,116 
-58,116 
Total Fuel 
18,268 
18,268 
257,796 
257,796 
Meals 
272 
272 
4,162 
4,162 
Hotel 
1,902 
1,902 
21,808 
21,808 
Telephone 
134 
134 
Uniform Cleaning 
Other 
266 
266 
Gratuities 
865 
865 
Total AirCrew Trip Expenses 
2,235 
2,235 
27,295 
27,295 
Airline Transportation 
9,754 
9,754 
Ground Transportation 
422 
422 
3,887 
3,887 
Total AirCrew Trans. Expenses 
422 
422 
13,641 
13,641 
Cleaning Fee 
108 
108 
1,855 
1,855 
Customs Fee 
105 
105 
Right Phone 
27,761 
27,761 
50,803 
50,803 
Right Planning 
619 
619 
4,960 
4,960 
Gratuities 
338 
338 
Landing Fee 
1,765 
1,765 
22,835 
22,835 
Over Flight Fee 
2,977 
2,977 
5,735 
5,735 
Overnight Hangar Fee 
1,412 
1,412 
Parking Fee 
6,844 
6,844 
Ramp Fee 
684 
684 
Catering 
656 
656 
17,618 
17,618 
Ground Handling 
3,946 
3,946 
29,972 
29,972 
Cabin Supplies 
302 
302 
2,360 
2,360 
Total Aircraft Trip Expenses 
38,153 
38,153 
145,521 
145,521 
Total Variable Costs 
$ 
75,217 $ 
$ 
75,217 
$ 
566,826 $ 
$ 
566,826 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA01138433
--- PAGE 7 ---
Statement Detail 
N624N-Avioneta Holdings LLC 
May 2014 
Description 
Actual 
AMI
D
Plan 
MID 
Var 
MID 
Var% 
Actual 
YTD 
Plan 
YTD 
Var 
YTD 
Var% 
Airframe 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
10,229 $ 
$ 
10,229 
Total Purchases & Installation 
10,229 
10,229 
Client Ground Transportation 
284 
284 
1,611 
1,611 
Miscellaneous Expense 
-189 
-189 
Startup Costs 
834 
834 
PYC - Fuel 
19,961 
19.961 
19,961 
19,961 
PYC - Maintenance 
28.568 
28,568 
Total Other 
20,244 
20,244 
50,785 
50,785 
Total Non-Operating Costs 
$ 
20,244 $ 
$ 
20,244 
$ 
61,013 $ 
$ 
61,013 
Back Up Aircraft 
119,119 
119,119 
284,129 
284,129 
Total Charter/Interchange 
119,119 
119,119 
284,129 
284,129 
Total Charter/Interchange Cost $ 
119,119 S 
$ 
119,119 
$ 
284,129 $ 
S 
284,129 
Total Costs 
$ 
418,727 S 
$ 
418,727 
$ 1,991,598 $ 
S 1,991,598 
Charter Income 
-86,655 
-86,655 
-86,655 
-86,655 
Fuel Tax Refund 
-836 
-836 
-836 
-836 
Total Other Income 
-87,490 
-87,490 
-87,490 
-87,490 
Total Other Income 
$ 
-87,490 $ 
$ 
-87,490 
$ 
-67,490 $ 
$ 
-87,490 
Net Charges 
$ 
331,237 $ 
$ 
331,237 
$ 1,904,108 $ 
$ 1,904,108 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA01138434
--- PAGE 8 ---
Avaaneta Holdings 11011624N 
Coal Posting Report 
May 2010 
- 
Trip 
DOOM. CEe9OIY 
• PAVAN sr WORN 
• EN•alplke 
• icAo• rux 
Wages 
(8.75857) 
JAFS ACCRUAL PAYROLL 443914 
Wages 
24422.37 
JAFS PAYROLL S914 
Wages 
30228.52 
JAM PAYROLL 5/2214 
Wages 
15,410.26 
ACCRL JAFS PAYROLL 5/3041 4 
Wages Total 
61,924.58 
Rope Elentale 
(2.014 47) 
JAFS ACCRUAL PAYROLL 43914 
Frage Smells 
5830.95 
JAFS PAYROLL 5,9114 
Doge Eleneile 
7.09056 
JAFS PAYROLL 52214 
Frego Bonefits 
3,541211 
ACCRL JAFS PAYROLL 5/30,14 
Dingo &milts Total 
14252.32 
Payroll TateS 
1670 50) 
JAFS ACCRUAL PAYROLL 400:14 
Payro1 Tam: 
1.870.49 
JAFS PAYROLL 59:14 
Payroll TaxeS 
2.63213 
JAFS PAYROLL 52214 
Payroll Tam: 
1.316.42 
ACCRL JAFS PAYROLL 59014 
Payroll Taxes TOtal 
5153.24 
158915 
SoDpiemental Crew 
5.760.00 
RUIN HUSSAIN BAGUER1 TR 158915 1440 
Supplemental Craw Total 
6.760.00 
Emcasymenl Cos% 
49.50 
RATACOMPLIANCE SERVICES, U. 
PRE.EMPLOYLIENT OKRENT R 
Employmonl Costs 
29.95 
RATA COIAPLIANCE SERVICES. LL
ORUGIALCOHOL CHECK GWENT 
&nolo/men, Costs 
29.95 
RATA COMPLIANCE SERVICES, LL 
NATIONAL DRIVER REG OKRENT 
Emcasymenl Costs 
2495 
RATA COMPLIANCE SERVICES. U. 
RECORDS CHECK OKRENT 
Employmonl Costs 
87.74 
Kroll Background al Arnenca 
OKRENT. R. KROLL SACXGROUND 
Deployment Costs Total 
222.09 
Undorrro 
781.00 
Morrow. Earl K 
UNF. PU 0521/103 UNIFORM SUITS AND TALORDG 
Uniforms Total 
761.00 
Travel ERROR Crew Tmg 
Travel Expense -Crew Tmg 
1.436.56 
FRONs. Jaren, 
5.64 
Naphas. Jamas 
AIRFARE 04425114 ROUND TRIR RHL SAY 
BREAKFS7 0425/14 
Travel ExPerne Crew Tmg 
19.62 
Na$a. James 
BREAKFST 022214 
Travel Espana Crew Trng 
50.15 
Naphas. Jamas 
CAR RENT 0425/14 
Travel Expense Crew Tmg 
17.75 
Naphas. Jamas 
GINNER 0225/14 
Travel Expense Clew MO 
27.03 
Naphas. James 
GROUND 04425414 PARKINGa TOLL 
Travel Expense Crew Tmg 
185.19 
Naphas. Jamas 
HOTEL 04/2214 
Travel Expense Clew Mg 
Travel Expense Crew Tmg 
13.87 
MORS. JUNK,
6.22 
Naphas. Jamas 
LUNCH 042914 
LUNCH 042214 
Travel Expense Crew Tmg 
3.00 
Naphas. Jamas 
MISC. 042214 SNACK 
Travel Expanse - Crew Ting TOM 
1,767.00 
Tranng 
500.00 
MedAire Inc. 
22214 MM REC TRNG MHOS 
Rang 
500.03 
MedAire Inc 
MIN RECURRENT 42.114 MORROW 
Tranng 
29,220.00 
FighiSafcty InItIllab011.11 
J NAPHAS 135 REC 3,2910 
Tranng 
1.010.00 
FighiSafcty 
E MORRIW • GEN EMERGENCY TANG INMAL 
Tranro 
1.77000 
FAINSa/e44 luen444041
4.21914 L LEONARD CORP CAB., An RECURRENT 
Tranng 
1.010.00 
FlogroSakty 1,101112b01111 
22214 J NAPHAS GEN EMERG TNG Nam 
Tranro 
1.010.00 
FighiSale44 111410444041
22214 E MORROW OEN EMERG RING INITIAL 
Tranng 
049.00 
Advanced Annanshm 4mc dea 
OKRENT. PART 135 RECURRENT; INT REC 
Tranng 
0.030.031 
JET AVIATION INDCC MORROW CA FOR CHARGES CR APRIL SLUNG 
Tranro 
(1.200.03) 
JET ANATION INDCC NAPHAS CR FOR CHARGES ON APRIL BILLING 
Tranng 
0.030.031 
JET AVIATION INDCCTRITATIONMIHOK CR FOR CHARGES ON APRL BUNG 
Tranro 
1.50000 
LINE CHECK TAIHCK. MORROW. NAPHAS 
Tranng 
1200.03 
JET AVIATION INOCC OKRENT 
Tranng 
1200.03 
052014 FLGHT STANDARDS PROGRAM 
Training Total 
36,429.00 
Ober Costs 
40.00 
Naphas. Jamas 
PHONE 04:12114 INTERNET FOR APRIL.2014. 
Cfrer COM 
179.43 
NUMBS. James 
CELL 04/1914 CELL PHONE FOR APRIL 2014. 
Ober Core 
162.93 
Leonard. Loann 
CELL 0426114 
Ober Core 
10.08 
Leonard. Loann 
MILES 04.2914 MILEAGE 
CONK COPS 
23.24 
Leonard. Leann 
EIREAKFST 0.14914 
Ober Core 
23.24 
Leonard. Loann 
DINNER 042&14 
CONK COPS 
151.80 
Leonard. Leann 
HOTEL 042814 
Ober Corm 
1019 
Leonard. Loann 
LUNCH 0421910 
Ober Coss 
100 
Leonard. Loann 
TIPS 041,2244 HOTEL TP 
Cfrer COM* 
2.24 
Leonard. Leann 
MILES 021114 MILEAGE 
Ober Costs 
77.11 
Leonard. Loann 
OTH.AIRC 05/1114 CLEAN SHEETS1COMFCATER 
CONK COPS 
19.29 
TANA. CIRSteCher 
DINNER 0421/14 RUSS OKRENT PITO NY TO MEET MR. H 
CONK COPS 
9.52 
Meek. ClvIttaCher 
LUNCH 0596114 GENERAL EMERGENCY TRAINING 
Ober Corr 
1198 
Wok. Christopher 
OTHAIRC 0413014 PENS. BINOER FOR AIRCRAFT 
CORr COSY 
5.34 
Meek. ClvIttaCher 
UNF. UP 04/17/14 
Caber Coo 
15.85 
Wok. Christopher 
UNF. UP 05/02010 
COW Coos 
214.68 
MNA.Chnocber 
CELL 05.07/14 
COW COPS 
205.65 
Morrow. Earl K 
CELL 0502114 
Ober Costs 
16.75 
LEONARD OTHER EXPENSES AIRCRAFT 0521/14 rrvIKFa 
Other Calls Total 
1,192.70 
Hangar Rant 
27.851.20 
Jet AVOtal Teterboro LP 
MAY 2014 HANGAR 
Hangar Rent Total 
27251.20 
CMce Swap, Rent 
124.62 
Jet Avetcn TeleMere LP 
MAY 2014 OFRCE 
OffmaStorage Rent Tots 
120.62 
Mani Management 
5.711.48 
52014 
MaMt Management Total 
6.711.49 
Avionics Annual Can 
295.00 
Arinc Inc 
ARM DIRECT FEE FOR FEB. 
Antoci, Annual COM 
295.00 
Arinc Inc 
AMINC DIRECT FEE FOR MARCH 
Avionics Annual Cont Total 
100.00 
Engine Annual Grind 
19.096.50 
ReR•Roice Pie 
RR CORPORATE CARE FEE JUNE 
Engine Annual Contra Total 
19.096.50 
Cabn System Annual 
100.03 
&atom Ofrect 
SATCOM DMECT FEE FOR MARCH 
Cabn System Annual 
100.03 
Saicom0244/ Inc. 
SATCOM DMECT FEE FOR APRL 
Page 1 ol 3 
EFTA01138435
--- PAGE 9 ---
Aymnete Holdings LLC N62414 
Coal Posting Report 
May 2014 
• Trip sr Espenee CONN« 
Cabin System Annual Total 
Due beers 
Due Dams 
Duo beers 
Due hems 
Due hems 
Duo beers 
Due hems 
Due Hems Total 
Tianng 
Training Total 
Tool Calbrxen Olh 
Tool CallbNbm0lh Taal 
Some* Fees 
Sei«Ce Fees 
Service Fen Total 
Accra' Managerre« 
Aircraft Menagen.« TONI 
Post Ptah?. Ocean 
FOR ReltS DeOsn 
FOR Re> DeOsn 
Post Rights 'Ocean 
7.011 Re> Depan 
Post Rights 'Depart 
Post Flights ‚Depart Total 
A/11'8410 Thwrepano 
Adramo Dr.C(C9311C1 
A/11'8410 Thwrepano 
Adramo Di:empanel 
Adramo Di:empanel 
A/11'8410 Thwrepaoci 
Adramo Dr.C(C9311C1 
A/11'8410 Thwrepano 
Airframe Discrepant Total 
Annes Oncrepanc. 
AvIoniCe Ditterepenti TOW 
Pearce Oarepanc, 
'Merger 1)40ePanc. 
«era Occrepanc, 
«era Occrepanc, 
Inkorlor DISCreand Total 
Duo been 
Due hang 
Duo herbs 
Duo been 
Due lame Total 
Hammon, SE o and A 
MerMotOry See and A Total 
APU Senn* Contact 
APU Service Contract Total 
Aram Cleating 
Accra! Cleanng 
Aircraft Cleaning Total 
Clint Spec« ROC,» 
Client Special Roque Total 
%twine Ceee 
Shaping Ober 
SkiP0,1943thee Total 
Personnel Support ; 
Personnel Supped i Total 
159915 
Fuel 
158926 
Fool 
Fuel Total 
159915 
Fuel Discount 
158926 
Fool Discount 
Fuel Discount Total 
158915 
Meals West= 
159915 
Meeis Breallael 
159915 
Meek, (INMAN 
158915 
Meals Brealdan 
14%14-Breeklmil Total 
Meals Lunch 
Meals Lunch 
Meals Lunch 
aleals•Lumh Total 
Meal4Ohner 
Meals Conn« 
Meal4Ohne 
Total 
Hotel 
Heel 
Hotel 
HON 
Hotel 
158915 
150915 
158915 
159915 
158915 
159915 
158915 
158915 
158915 
158915 
158915 
• 
Amount • Vend. 
200.00 
254.25 
Jet Anxen Telecom LP 
141.25 
Jot Avecca Tepee.) LP 
5.781.24 
Jet »CC= Telecom LP 
5.616.69 
Jot AWN« Teterboro LP 
113.03 
Jot AWN« Towne° LP 
141.26 
Jet Ayeaccn TO1Ce0C11) LP 
423.75 
Jet Aviator Tmertmo LF 
12473.63 
50.00 
50.00 
4.03 
EasyLink Services USA dba 
4,03 
2600.00 
416.67 
2,49216.J47 
7225.04 
169.93 
Jet Avoace, Teterboro LP 
113.00 
Jet AWN% Teterboro LP 
452.00 
NI AWN« T
140(0 LP 
43750 
Jet Avatar T010140(0 LP 
169.50 
NI AWN« TeeMOM LP 
45200 
Jet Anibal Totoniere LP 
1.793.10 
26.70 
Jot AWN«, Teampo LP 
scsa 
Jet Avatar Tempera LP 
107.71 
Jet AWX« Telettcro LP 
53629 
Jet Avocet, TO10(12011) LP 
4.460.59 
Jet Avac. TOICIMCIO LP 
19.69 
Jet Ave % TeleMON LP 
11015 
Jet Avecn TO10(8011) LP 
663.50 
Jet »et% Teneftwo LP 
8.002.43 
7009.56 
Jet Aswan %OMNI> LP 
1.00956 
13263 
Jet Aswan %OMNI> LP 
169.50 
Jet AWN« Te1eMON LP 
212.50 
Jet Avowal %OMNI> LP 
29250 
Jet Avatar Teterboro LP 
671.13 
197.75 
Jet AWN= %OMNI> LP 
372.75 
Jet »ODA TeNeMom LF 
84.75 
Jet Avowal TO1411(130(1) LP 
141.25 
Jet Anatol TOIOMINO LP 
79650 
2.275.60 
Jet Avoca‚ TOI0M0(1) LP 
2,27560 
1.247.29 
Honeywell Inc (IASP) 
1.24721 
970.15 
Jet AY44«, TeleMOM LP 
915.10 
Jet Anaccn Teterboro LP 
1495.25 
215.00 
Daniel bleary Schart dba 
215.00 
10.66 
Federal EmpreeS 
844 
Federal E4press 
1930 
22.70 
22-70 
17.096.31 
Jet AWN« TORUN) LP 
150611 
Jet Anton TO10M0(11 LP 
25,50252 
(4.909.33) 
Jet AWN«, Teletber0 LP 
(2.425.07) 
Jet Ammo retie:NO LP 
(7,334.40) 
2520 
Napes. James 
26.07 
%HAMS. James 
5.00 
@ague& HAW, 
5.00 
Baquen. Hussan 
6157 
47.92 
Napes. James 
6.27 
MOMS. James 
12.69 
Damn. Rissee 
6207 
106.00 
Naas. James 
8.10 
Napes. James 
142265
615 
BMUeri. Fljna?'
354.99 
Tames«. Katherine 
354.99 
Tame& KoMenne 
150.46 
Napes. Janos 
445.39 
Meat James 
150.46 
660844.14.1860e1 
• DOWNS% 
.
ICAC.
 SA
UPDATE NAY DATABASE 
OW CMP 240124 EMERGENCY BATTERY POWER SUPPLY 
OW CAIP 321201 AND 321202 PAS SHOCK ABSORB 
OW CMP 323901 LANDS% GEAR EMERGENCY EMT 
OW CMP 5230% BAGGAGE COMPARTMENT DOOR 
RESEARCH ADS AND ACTIVE CBS. 
UPDATE NAY OB. 
52014 MTX STANDARD PROGRAM 
emit-4:30'14 
0512014 MONTHLY AMIN FEE 
052014 EU CO2 TRACKREPCRT 
1.2014 
OW A SEVEN DAY ENGNE RUN WITH SYSTEMS 
DEPART AIRCRAFT 
OW A POST RIGHT INSPECTION 
COMPLY WITH A DEPARTURE SERVICE. 
OW A DEPARTURE SERVICE. 
CUSTOMER REOUESTS POST FLIGHT. 
EXPENDABLES 
SYSTEM NEEDS SERVICE. 
DURING POSTFLOHT NOTICED HYDRAULIC FLUID 
EXPENDABLES 
NOTICED DURNG POST FLIGHT LH PYLON 
EXPENDABLES 
EXPENDABLES 
POSSIBLE CRACK AFT SPAR UM WNO NOTICED 
AUTO THROTTLE al DISCONNECTED IN CRUSE 
ONE VANITYLIGHT OUT IN AFT LAY 
CREW FLASH LIGHTS DIM TO INCP. CAPTTAN A 
DURING INSPECTION PLACARDS MtSSING 
FIRST AID KIT NOT INSTALLED el ITS PROPS 
OW CMP 531015 NOSE GEARWHEEL WELL FS 
OW CLIP 531046 AND 531045 MAN GEAR WHEE 
OW CMP 531047 MAIN GEAR WHEEL WELLS FSS 
OW CMP 531048 MAIN GEAR WHEEL WELLS FSS 
OW CS INS MODIFICATION LANDING GEAR DOO 
RASP FEE FCA APRIL 
AIRCRAFT CLEANN0 421427 
AIRCRAFT CLEANING FOR 428.5/4 
CREW PLOTTERS 
040504 
einem 
VANVALKENBURG TELEPHONE 092014 
04,27/14 
042114 
04,27/14 
0423/14 
MAX 0428114 
KLM 042W14 
KLM 0422414 TIP 
KLM 0429:14 TIP 
KLM 0428414 3 CREW 
KLM 042014 
KLM 0429:14 
KLM 042614 3 CREW 
KTES04/27/14 
KIES 0427/14. 
TAMOSCON-AX0421/14 
TMAASCOKLAX wafts 
KLAX 0427:14 
KLAX 04/20114 
KLAX 04/20114 
KTEB 2.447 Gal 
KTED 1.231 Gal 
KTEEI 2.447 Gal 
KTED 1.231 Gal 
Page 2 Ma 
EFTA01138436
--- PAGE 10 ---
Avioneta Holdings LLC 1162414 
Coq POetIng Read 
Nay 2014 
• 
• 
Trip 
EXperibe C11110012 
• 
• 
Amount 
Venda 
• 098crellon 
ICAOw
158915 
HRel 
44539 
Baud,. Hueldin 
KLM 042914 LOWEST RATE AVAILABLE 
Hotel Total 
1.901.643 
158915 
Un0orm CleOnn) 
6.10 
Nateee. James 
KIE504,27/14 
Uniform Cleaning Total 
6.10 
158915 
Geer 
3.45 
MONS. JEAN, 
KLM 0428'14 PRIMING FOR TRIP CHANGE. 
158915 
Meer 
38.33 
MONS. Janet,
MEG 04427/14 POSTAGE & EXPENSE ENVELOPES 
Cellar Te4al 
41.79 
158915 
Oradell 
10.03 
Tame& Katherine 
WJA4SCOKLAX 0442(014 NO RECEIPT 
158915 
Gnashes 
2.00 
Naphas. Janos 
KIM 0427/14 HOTEL SERVICE 
158915 
Gralutkie 
2.00 
Maid James 
KLM 04/23'14 HOTEL SERVICE 
Otaitlee Total 
14.00 
158915 
Grand Transpeelaeo 
257.20 
Naphas. James 
KIM 0427114 CAR RENTAL 
150915 
COMO Tran8001410 
34.03 
Nana& ADM 
KLM 04/28414 PARKING 
158915 
Grand Transpenaoo 
50.40 
Bauer'. Hussar, 
KIES 04127/14 MILEAGE 
158915 
Gretna Transportabo 
6.50 
MINK Huean 
KlE50427/14 TOLLS 
158915 
0404410 Transponao 
50.40 
MINK Hunan 
KIES 0029'14 MILEAGE 
158915 
Groves Transpenaoo 
21.50 
Baum. Hussan 
KIES 0421,14 TOLLS 
Grand TrenspOrtallo Total 
422.00 
158928 
Cleanng Foe 
10100 
Jet Amgen Teterboro LP 
4,23/14 INTL GARBAGE 
Cleaning Fee TOW 
108.00 
157452 
Fighl Phone 
1.963.44 
Salaam Oired be 
3,12/14 
157470 
Flgal Phone 
4.345.97 
Saloom Drect Ms 
3.43/11r14 
157546 
Flute Phone 
1.546.93 
Salcom Ofrea Inc 
25-3414 
157865 
Flgal Phone 
2.379.36 
Saloom Corn:lino 
se>avie 
157865 
Flute Phone 
1.85529 
Saloom Coact Ina 
4,1/14 
150915 
Flute Phone 
15265.39 
&acorn Oh« Inc 
4/2/3-26,14 
158926 
Fluid Phone 
10159 
Saloom Dad inc. 
4123/14 
Fight Phone Total 
27.76057 
'57470 
Flghl %ammo 
412.48 
Universal Weather 8 Mellon 
Stn.& 
'57055 
Final Plarnng 
206.24 
Universal Weather 8 Anton 
eam4 
Mehl Planning Total 
615.72 
158915 
Grautier 
15.00 
Nappas. James 
KLM 0•27/14 RAMP SERVICE 
158915 
Gralubee 
5.00 
MiN198. Jaffna 
KLM 0423'14 RAP SERVICE 
Gratuities Total 
20.00 
157865 
Lardrg Fee 
58125 
Port Moaned New York and NJ 
441414 
158915 
Landa Fee 
556.25 
Port Authday 01 New Yak and NJ 
442W14 
158926 
Lardrg Fee 
586.25 
Port Keane ol New York and NJ 
4:23,14 
Landing Fee Total 
1.764.75 
147994 
Over Fight Fee 
36521 
US Dept ol Me Treasuy,FIAS 
N62411 
117470 
Over Agin Fee 
692.22 
Unnend Weather a Aviation 
1,11/14 
157470 
Over Fiord Fee 
711.36 
Unlversal Wade& 8 Analen 
3914 
117855 
Over Agin Fee 
73116 
Universal Wean« a Aviation 
ealtu 
157655 
Over Fide Fee 
469.91 
Nav *made 
049)1(14 
Over Flight Foe Total 
2.976.96 
158915 
Catonng 
293.25 
Rudy‚ loggia Catnap 
04,2742014 
158915 
Catering 
273.97 
Cleurrnel MAIN catering he 
062742014 
158915 
Catonng 
6129 
Tarnasco. Katherina 
TAIMSCOIGEB 0427414 
Catering Total 
665.51 
157116 
Gretna Harding 
69.70 
Universal Weather a Anton 
224414 
157470 
Gino-id Harding 
1.504.33 
Unnend Wear'« a Ammon 
3'11 /14 
157470 
Gretna Handing 
139.72 
Unhorse Weather 8 Ameba 
39111 
157865 
Gretna Harding 
1.047.60 
Universal Weamer a Anton 
ealtu 
157855 
Gretna Handing 
69.86 
1.1nWeisal Weather 8 Avse9o9 
3,31/14 
157826 
Gretna Harding 
1.091.09 
Universal Weather a Aviation 
4,1414 PASSENGER DUTY 
158915 
Grouxl Harding 
12.00 
Jet Area= TOXIMIND LP 
4:27/14 
158926 *MAI Herding 
12.00 
Jet Aveten Tease» LP 
4423'14 
Ground Handing Total 
3.948.38 
Can Sep/109 
53 
Leonard. Leann 
CS SUPPL 0426414 CCFFEE-TYLENOL-VISENECLARMN 
Caton Suppies 
44.89 
Leonard. Leann 
CS SUPPL 05113,14 klAGAZINES.JUICES-SNACKS 
Caton Suppler 
227.8.8 
Leonard. Leann 
CS SUPPL 05/12414 RED WINE FOR TRIP IN JUNE 
Cabin SVOFIls. TOR 
302.30 
158915 
Cited Ground Trarop 
283.50 
Savoya HokIngs 
04•27‚2014. LEON BLACK 
Client Ground Transit Tole. 
283-50 
PYC . Fuel 
19.960.83 
Jet Ave4c4e Telertere LP 
6,15412 
3.891 Gal 
PYC • Fuel Total 
19360.63 
BaCk UP Artrah 
119.116.76 
1RP 161104 
Back Up Aircraft Total 
119.11626 
Charter Income 
ousts,» 
0900156517 • AIRCRAFT TRIP EXPENSES 
Charter Income 
1655.51) 
0900156517 • AIRCRAFT TRIP EXPENSES.CATERING 
Charter Income 
I705501 
0903156517 • CUENT TFUNSPCATATION 
Charter Income 
(67.172.501 
0900156517 COST CF FUGHT 
Charter Income 
(223535) 
0903156517. CREW OVERNIGHT EXPENSE 
Charter Income Told 
(135,654.50) 
Fuel Tex Reftv4 
1535.94> 
04,2014 FET REBATE 
Fuel Tax Refund Total 
(33634) 
Grand TOUI 
83133637 
Page 3013 
EFTA01138437
--- PAGE 11 ---
CLIENT TRIP REPORT 
FLIGHT NUMBER: 0102014 
MUM 
WAIT 
LOCAL 
OW 
MI! 
CIN 
tAf 
la 
1011.0R 
ROAM 
OUf 
Off 
as 
I LT mE 
0LX MK 
LEO 
OM 
NIL 
NIKES 
IMS1 
Olen 
TETERBORO 
427,2014 
KTEB 
9:55pm 
0165 
TETERBORO 
NJ 
T 
24000 
0165 
02:01 
5.1 
135 
2137 
LOS ANGELES INT. 
2467 
KLAX 
12:10am 
07:10 
LOS ANGELES 
CA 
540 
8000 
07:10 
07/6 
5.3 
2459 
LOS ANGELES INTL 
4292014 
KLAX 
4:24pm 
2324 
LOS ANGELES 
CA 
T 
23000 
2324 
2336 
4.6 
135 
2137 
TETERBORO 
2210 
KTEB 
12:19am 
04:19 
TETERBORO 
NJ 
4.48 
6900 
04:19 
04:13 
4.9 
2459 
TRIP 8: 158915 
TRIP TYPE: OWNC 
USER: Avionela. LLC 
AIRCRAFT: N624N 
le sir NOIMIMAI 
PASSENGERS 
I 
S 
$
$
$
$
$ O
it 
mgt. LP, Wed 
100' 
x 
x 
Ragas R:a 
x 
Zoo Ann 
x 
TWA"' 1 
TOTAL Furor nut 
9.7 
CUSTOMER SERVICE REP: ELEF 
TOTAL BLCCK TUE 
10.2 
CREW 
PC 
Naphas. James Harry 
SIC 
[NE14 - *WM. Hussain 
CSR 
(SUPP) - Tamasco. Kathrina 
al CREW 
TOTAL Kt 
4274 
TOTAL MA 
4918 
LEO 
SUM, 
MASS 
I 
LEO COMM 
I 
MUM, 
Savoya 
27th Apt 1110cm Sedan arranged to pck up Mr. Black 
at KLAX LandmarkMarion and proceed to The Penile-eta 
Beady Nils Hotel ac 9882 S Santa Monica Bkd. Beverly 
NHL CA 90212
r a drop olf. 
Confirmation $1831080 
FUEL," 
LEO COMMIS 
c Fuel Vendor Lanthiark Alai= 145.09 04722114 
Posted 57.95. Use Avcard only. (KLAX) 
Drrier 
Jet /Mahon 
do ctrip0730_02 - Rev. 3.7.141 
PRINTED: &ammo 10:46:11/4.1 
Aircraft provided br &leder ri the U.S is cperated by a US. FAR Part 135 Cerfilkate Air Carnet approved triJm Avalon. 
EFTA01138438
--- PAGE 12 ---
CLIENT TRIP REPORT 
le sir HilINTWAI 
FLIGHT NUMBER: 0112014 
RITE i WO 
OP NI 
LOCAL 
OUT 
KM 
GUY 
STICOUPTINI 
UT 
CAT 
MON 
PALM 
RUN 
our 
R 
orr 
on 
WIVE 
INACTIVE 
KO 
Wry 
ML 
NOM 
CM 
SMUT 
TETERBORO 
627/2014 
KTEB 
12:10pm 
16:10 
TETERBORO 
NI 
T 
14000 
16:10 
16:19 
0.6 
16$ 
LOGAN INTL 
1186
KBOS 
1:02pm 
1762 
BOSTON 
MA 
.42 
11600 
1762 
1656 
0.9 
190 
LOGAN INTL 
5727/2014 
KBCG 
1:49pm 
17:49 
BOSTON 
MA 
P 
11660 
17,49. . . . _ .1755 
0.9 
166 
TETERBORO 
KTEll 
2:62pm 
1852 
TETERBORO 
NJ 
.48 
7003 
1852 
1850 
1.1 
190 
TRIP #: 159954 
TRIP TYPE: OWN 
USER. Avioneta. LLC 
AIRCRAFT: N624N 
PASSENGERS 
I 
T 
T 
T 
II 
IT 
I 
BY. Coto Persior 
UV, x 
I4Whitallsy 
X 
MU"' 
TOTALFUGH 1"E 
LS 
CUSTOMER SERVICE REP: ELEF 
TOTALBLCOCIWE 
2.0 
CREW 
Pt 
Naphas, -lames Harry 
SC 
lAhck, Christopher 
CSR 
Leonard. Lo km D. 
(T) CREW 
TOTAL Mt 
330 
TOTAL Sm 
380 
MKT 
RwARLS 
LEGCOWENTS 
LEO COINVENTS 
Fuel Vendor &ratite Fight Swoon: 1466.92 0621114 
> Posted $9.96. 675 gallons waives 31822 tending fee. 
Use UVar card ody. (KBOS) 
Jet Aviation 
To_drp0730fR2- Rev. 33.14J 
PRINTED: 6292014 10:46:41AM 
EFTA01138439

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138440.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138440.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Vahe Stepanian
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Stewart Oldfield 
, Richard Kahn 
, Ariane D 
er 
, Paul Morris 
CC: Daniel Sabba 
Subject: RE: Indicative Brazil CDS Unwind Level [C] 
Date: Fri, 15 Jan 2016 13:34:08 +0000 
Inline-Images: image00l.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey — received. We will leave an order with the trader to unwind at 462, good for the day. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, January 15, 2016 8:30 AM 
To: Vahe Stepanian; Richard Kahn 
Subject: Re: Indicative Brazil CDS Unwind Level [C] 
unwind at 462 bp 
On Fri, Jan 15, 2016 at 8:25 AM, Vahe Stepanian 
I> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey — Rich requested refreshed unwind levels this morning for (1) Brazil CDS, (2) GE preferred and (3) JPYKRW forward. 
Indicatively, this morning DB's bid for your Brazil CDS protection is 452bps p.a. (Offer is 467bps p.a.) Bid equals an unwind 
fee payment by DB of $1,278,512. Recall you paid 491,941 to enter the trade. Original unofficial details are included below. 
I will be back to you on items (2) and (3). 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent Thursday, January 14, 2016 12:50 PM 
To: 'jeffrey E.' 
Cc: Daniel Sabba; Ariane Dwyer; Paul Morris; Stewart Oldfield; 'Richard Kahn' 
Subject: Indicative Brazil CDS Unwind Level [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey — per Rich's request, please find an indicative level below to unwind your Brazil CDS protection. 
We will follow up with separate emails for (1) GE Bond and (2) JPYKRW. 
DB's bid for your Brazil CDS protection is 445bps p.a. This equals an unwind fee payment by DB of $1,256,044. Recall you 
paid 491,941 to enter the trade. 
Original unofficial trade details: 
EFTA01138440
--- PAGE 2 ---
BraSov default swap with SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC DB Sells default protection on FEDERATIVE 
REPUBLIC OF BRAZIL 
NOTIONAL 
: USD 10,000,000 
TRADE DATE 
: 13-Jan-2015 
IM% 
: 1 
EFFECTIVE 
: 14-Jan-2015 
TERMINATION 
: 20-Mar-2020 
REF 08 
: BRAZIL 12.25% OF 03/30 ISIN: US105756AL40 
CREDIT EVENTS 
: Failure to Pay, R, Repudiation/Moratorium 
ISDA Definition 
: 2014 
PRICE 
: 205 bps per annum (COUPON: 100 bps per annum) 
UPFRONT FEE 
: DB Receive USD 491,941 
STANDARD TRADE 
: Yes 
HARDWIRING 
: Yes 
CLEARING HOUSE 
: No 
Trade details: 
Deal Information 
'Spreads
Reference: 
FEDERATIVE REPUBLIC OF BRAZIL 
Countorparty: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Business days: 
LON,NYC 
Business days adj: 
Following 
Buy/Sell: 
Sell 
Notional: 
USD 10mm 
Effective date: 
14-Jan-2015 
Maturity date: 
20-Mar-2020 
Day count: 
A/360 
Payment freq: 
Quarterly 
Pay accrued: 
True 
Curve recovery: 
True 
Recovery rate: 
0.25 
Deal rate: 
100 
Calculator 
Valuation date: 
13-Jan-2015 
Cash settled on: 
16-Jan-2015 
Price: 
95.01670000 
Principal: 
498,330.00 
Accrued: 
-6,389.00 
Market Val: 
491,941 
Repl sprd: 
205 
Sprd DV01: 
-4,576.8268824283 
Days: 
IR DV01: 
-129.8125752157 
Curve date: 
13-Jan-2015 
Benchmark: 
USD 
D 
Use flat curve 
Date 
Spread (bps) 
20-Sep-2015 
205.00 
20-Mar-2018 
205.00 
20-Mar-2017 
205.00 
20-Mar-2018 
205.00 
20-Mar-2019 
205.00 
20-Mar-2020 
205.00 
20-Mar-2022 
205.00 
20-Mar-2025 
205.00 
Frequency: 
Day count: 
A/360 
Recovery rate: 
0.4 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Assistant Vice President I Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
EFTA01138441
--- PAGE 3 ---
All trade execution information contained herein is being provided as an accommodation at your request in advance of your 
receipt of the official trade confirmation(s). Additional trade detail information available upon request. The terms of the trade(s) 
may be subject to change prior to settlement, and therefore the official trade confirmation(s) and account statements issued 
by Deutsche Bank shall govem. Deutsche Bank is not responsible for any discrepancy between the informal execution report 
and the official trade confirmation(s) or account statements. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jayaratth®ginailsimi, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01138442

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138443.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138443.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffre E stein 
na Shuliak 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 15 Jan 2016 14:45:52 +0000 
Attachments: IMG_2359.JPG; IMG_2361.JPG; IMG_2362.JPG; IMG_2370.JPG 
With everyone's eyes open! 
EFTA01138443

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138444.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138444.pdf
----------------------------------------
\ 
\. \ 
\ 
• 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
N. 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
EFTA01138444

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138445.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138445.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
• 
- 
- 
- 
ze 
- 
' A A, A ," ^ /* 7' • 
7\)•7- -/ 
K`. 
7...\•••n 
-7.c..7s-'2‘-• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
\ 
• 
4. 
• ; At.-
„ 
\ 
\ 
• 
• 
\ 
\ 
• 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\. 
N.„;. 
At,„„ 
/c • r 
".?
,/!. 
r 
.27 
re. 
-e' 
• / 
*4..• 
. 
• 
\ a / 
• 
• 
• 
qt.. 
"*. • 
./ 
1.. 
.
:1.1- 
“.,./ 
/ 
/
.7.
. 6•-•:111 '‘tif 
F-A
,ei 
.); 
• 
Net 
EFTA01138445

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138446.pdf
----------------------------------------
\ 
• 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
, 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
7-" 
• 
- 
*, 
* 
• 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
.11. 
N .
\ 
1.••••, S••• • • 
S . 
N' 
'No 
•\•• 
\- 
S 
• A.... 
\ 
N. 
• 
• 
\ 
\ 
• 
- 
• 
-
W-.'.✓.V 
!t e
e/S. 1 V 
.4 ,
e
9" 
.1
• -ve 
EFTA01138446

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138447.pdf
----------------------------------------
/ / 
- 
-
\./ 
, 
- 
/ 
/•~ /. /4" A 
^ 
A
A A / A z z 7 z • L 
: .. 
z.y• 
.>-:•.- 
...... 
„.„ .---._ 
_-_-: 
_•:-. 
-- "...J.-- ..-/ 
-../ 
,..-
.:-......42....)-0:/„..2.......;?.......,:c:.....:„../.....„. 
-_ - 
EFTA01138447

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138448.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: N908JE TCAS 
Date: Fri, 15 Jan 2016 16:09:04 +0000 
Attachments: 82464.pdf; Banyan_Domestic_and_Intemational_Funds_Transfer Instructions.pdf 
Inline-Images: image001.png; image002.png; image003.png; image004.png; image005.jpg 
please advise if ok to pay 41,966.72 for TCAS 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 646-350-0954 
cell 917-414-7584 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Larry Visoski <la 
Subject: Fwd: N908JE TCAS 
Date: January 14, 2016 at 1:23:20 PM EST 
To: Je vacation <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Rich Kahn 
Jeffrey 
TCAS installed in B727 
$41,966.72 
Is this approved to wire payment? 
Thx 
Lanyv 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Yeimi Montoya
Date: Janus 
14, 2016 at 1:20:13 PM EST 
To: " 
Cc: Erica Hernandez 
, Christopher Jelinek
Subject: N908JE 
Good afternoon 
EFTA01138448
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please find attached invoice for TCAS processor update along with wire transfer instructions for payment. Do not 
hesitate to give us a call if you have any questions. 
Best regards 
Veal Montoya 
Avionics Administrator 
Dedicated to earning customer loyalty through excellence in aviation services. 
Banyan Air Services. Inc. 
Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport (FXE) 
5360 NW 20 Terrace 
Ft. Lauderdale FL 33309 
anain 
direct 
fax 
www.banyanait.com 
Yo u 
BANYAN 
EFTA01138449
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01138450

--- SOURCE: 0474__EFTA01138451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0474
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01138451.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski 
To: le vacation leevacation@gmail.com> 
subject: Fwd: BBJ 
Date: Ihu, 06 Nov 2014 13:01:51 +0000 
Inline-Images: COCKPIT_2.jpg 
Jeffrey 
Dave and I will depart Miami at 6:40pm tonight and arrive St Thomas at 10:20pm if this is OK? 
The next earliest flight is 12:20pm out of Miami., 
BBJ info 
-BBJ cannot display Xm weather or Jepp Charts like DUSSS., 
-BBJ has Catlll autoland and Autothronle 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Sherry Cannon 
Date: November 6 2014 at 6:49:55 AM EST 
To: 
t Visoski 
Cc: Gary Anralone 
Subject: BBJ 
Dear Larry: 
Please see below the answers to your questions together with the attached cockpit photo: 
Can a 22J display Jepp charts on their tubes? 
Out BBJ Is &pupped wah 2 NavAeto EFB Class 2 (Electronic Flight Bag). which displays all Jeppesen charts and has also the OPT (Operatico Pedamance Tool) instated for pilot usage. No BBJ or 8737 can display any 
Jepp Marts or OPT on the cockpit dsplay units. they must be equipped with an EFS or an approved usage of Wad s. Madly and attached a picture of our current 88J cockpit. 
Does all 8133' s have autoland? Does the one your selling have auto land? 
Yes. all BBJ's (and also our BBJ) are nipped fa Cat 3 autoland. They have an HUD Mead up display unit) nstalled
 captains side (refer as well to the anatheci picture) and can be used by the plots as long they have an 
approved 'anew°. 
With Best Regards, 
Sheny Cannon, Managing Partner 
uus Global Aviation, LLC 
I 
(M)
(O) 
EFTA01138451
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01138452
