
--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013545.pdf
----------------------------------------
To:
Subject: Fw: Schedule for music I MACHINES on Sat Feb 5 
EFTA_R1_00515974 
EFTA02013545

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013546.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
is here 
Sent: 
urs ay, May 8, 2014 1:27:54 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00515975 
EFTA02013546

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013547.pdf
----------------------------------------
I don't feel awkward in the slightest. I think your people are interpreting what they see in a manner that 
is best for their perspective and to cover their asses. I think they're dead wrong. 
None of the people responsible for this transaction 5 years ago are still at IGY nor have they been for 
many years. This was not a situation in which your investment was solicited. It was something on which 
you insisted if you recall. I was trying to accommodate your desire to own 50% of the asset personally 
because of the nexus to L.S.I. It was difficult to implement at the time because it was a related party 
transaction, would be seen by everyone, and thus every benefit of the doubt had to be given to IGY in 
which you and I both represented investors. The transaction, as I understand it, was a fixed price 
contract for a 50% interest. I did not negotiate the price, the contract or anything else. I have absolutely 
no idea how the number was arrived at and by whom. On either side. I don't know who did the deal for 
you either. But my recollection is that you were clear with me that you wanted to own half of it and I 
told people to see to it. Period. It was a 50/50 deal on the real estate and IGY and was to have retained 
all of the other rights and benefits it would have had if you had never been admitted. IGY is a branding, 
management, leasing and fee based company. To the best of my understanding that is what was done. 
My sense is that your team is trying now as hard as possible to demonstrate that something untoward 
happened. And its simply not true. The deal that was struck by those responsible for striking the deal 
(obviously not you or me) is the deal that was struck and the audits of the past 5 years seem to bear that 
out. 
If it is your desire to continue to have your folks dig through this, then please do so. There is nothing to 
find, jeffery. I have tried to show you that I want to try to make you feel better about a deal that in 
retrospect you seem to think was wrong. But I can't fix the past. I have been trying to show you my love 
and respect for you by offering to address the future. But it does not seem adequate. I am at a loss now 
for what to do. 
Your people struck a deal with IGY 5 or 6 years ago. It was what it was. I can't undo it. I'm upset that 
you're upset. But I can't seem to fix that either. So I surrender. Do what you think you need to do. I can't 
keep beating my management to reconstruct ancient history. They feel shitty that they are being treated 
as if they have done something wrong or have worked to obfuscate things when, in fact, they have been 
working hard to manage a difficult asset in a difficult environment. And they have done a solid job in a 
crappy market with an underperforming and aging asset. 
I made a couple of proposals to you. Ultimately I will get criticized by shareholders, I'm sure, for doing 
even that which I have proposed to do, but, as I said, I love you, I'm sorry you're not happy, and I want to 
put it as right as I can given the circumstances. Few people in the world will say and do that for those 
they love, but I will. That said, given the nature of the deal, the history and the clarity of the 
documentation, I am hamstrung. If you want to sue IGY, then just do it. I'll have to deal with it when it 
comes. 
What does suck for me, however, is that I feel that you don't trust or believe me and while your words 
don't say it everything else does. That hurts. 
I will do what I can for the asset, with the financing and with the physical plant. 
I am in Napa with Sandi, William Lauder and his closest friends for his birthday. We can talk next week, 
EFTA_R1_00515978 
EFTA02013547
--- PAGE 2 ---
but I'm telling you that you are reading what you were sent incorrectly and inferring the worst in 
everything you see here. When you decide what you want me to do, you can tell me. If I can 
appropriately do it, I will. But I'm out of ideas. 
Xoxo ALF 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.corn] 
Sent: Friday, April 12, 2013 06:45 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
I just glanced at the summary, it appears, that an acquistion fee, of 250 was charged then 
according the financials a gain on the sale to me of 250 k.? for my 50 % - foot note and then 
750 paid to an affiliate? for the borrowing prior to my closing, . with no revenue offset.? but my 
guys will review over the weekend, please don't feel awkward, as i know you did not oversee 
this, and i never looked, If you recall we were going to be 5050 from the start. ? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to _leo ac a t ionAmail.coni, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use 
of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information 
that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure 
agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any 
information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its 
affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital 
Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_00515979 
EFTA02013548

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013549.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Fri 5/18/2012 12:03:04 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Yum 
EFTA_R1_00515980 
EFTA02013549

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013550.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Office of Terje Rod-Larsen 
Sent: 
Wed 3/14/2012 10:40:32 PM 
Subject: March 14 update 
March, 2012 
Article 1. 
The Washington Institute 
Hizballah's Calculus Following a Strike on 
Iran 
David Schenker 
Article 2. 
Foreign Policy 
Iran's War in Gaza 
Jonathan Schanzer 
Article 3. 
Bloomberg 
In Iran Standoff, Netanyahu Could Be 
Bluffing 
Jeffrey Goldberg 
Article 4. 
Le Monde Diplomatique 
Saudi Arabia's free pass 
Serge Halimi 
EFTA_R1_00515982 
EFTA02013550
--- PAGE 2 ---
NYT 
Capitalism, Version 2012 
Article 5. 
Thomas L. Friedman 
Foreign Policy 
Shalom, Beijing 
Article 6. 
Oren Kessler 
Project Syndicate 
Whose Sovereignty? 
Article 7. 
Javier Solana 
Article I 
The Washington Institute 
To Retaliate or Not: Hizballah's 
Calculus Following a Strike on Iran 
David Schenker 
March 14, 2012 -- The potential consequences of an American 
or Israeli preemptive strike against Iranian nuclear weapons sites 
are legion. For example, Tehran might fire missiles in 
EFTA_R1_00515983 
EFTA02013551
--- PAGE 3 ---
retaliation, launch terrorist attacks, or attempt to disrupt oil 
flows through the Persian Gulf. Until recently, conventional 
wisdom also held that the Iranian-backed Lebanese Shiite militia 
Hizballah would unleash its rockets on Israel in response to such 
an attack on Iran. Yet despite continued claims by senior 
Hizballah officials that an assault on the Islamic Republic 
"means the whole region will be set alight," other statements by 
Hassan Nasrallah, the organization's secretary-general, have 
raised doubts about whether the militia would in fact respond. 
Background 
Hizballah was established in Lebanon in the early 1980s with 
Iranian political and financial support. During the 1982 Israeli 
invasion, Tehran dispatched 1,500 Revolutionary Guards to the 
Beqa Valley to help organize a resistance force. 
Today, unlike the majority of Lebanon's historically Iraq-
oriented Shiite population, Hizballah members are required to 
embrace the doctrine of velayat-e faqih, which puts an Iranian 
mullah at the pinnacle of Shiite theology and politics. Critics 
point to this, along with the organization's professed goal in the 
early 1980s of transforming Lebanon into an Islamic state, as 
evidence that Hizballah is an agent of Iran. 
Taking Orders? 
Many in Israel and among Lebanon's pro-Western, anti-Syrian 
"March 14 coalition" believe that Hizballah takes strategic 
guidance, if not direct orders, from Tehran. Traditionally, 
Hizballah officials have not discussed the chain-of-command 
issue. In early February, however, after Iranian Supreme Leader 
Ali Khamenei broke a longstanding taboo and spoke openly 
EFTA_R1_00515984 
EFTA02013552
--- PAGE 4 ---
about his regime's support for Hizballah, Nasrallah commented 
on the organization's relationship with Tehran. In discussing 
whether Hizballah would attack Israel in response to a strike on 
Iranian nuclear facilities, he said that Tehran had not made such 
a request and "would not ask anything of Hizballah." And if 
Khamenei were to ask, he said, Hizballah leaders would "sit 
down, think, and decide what to do." Nasrallah's statement 
seems to suggest that calmer heads could prevail following an 
attack on Iran. As one article in the Hizballah-friendly Lebanese 
daily al-Safir noted last week, however, the key question is not 
what Iran asks of the organization, but what the group's "duty" is 
as "resisters in this battle." The answer is that Hizballah's 
spiritual obligations to Iran and the Supreme Leader are 
enormous. As Nasrallah deputy Naim Qassam once wrote, "The 
ultimate command in this Islamic path emanates from the Jurist-
Theologian," that is, Khamenei. In deciding how to respond to a 
strike against its Iranian patrons, however, the militia would 
consider factors beyond the spiritual realm. 
Material Costs 
Over the past three decades, Hizballah has acquired significant 
material assets in Lebanon, including a massive arsenal and 
miles of sophisticated underground tunnel and bunker systems. 
These assets could be depleted or destroyed if the group opened 
a new conflict with Israel. In its thirty-four-day war against 
Israel in 2006 -- which the group sparked in July by launching a 
cross-border kidnapping operation -- Hizballah used and lost 
much of its arsenal and infrastructure, requiring years of 
rebuilding. Although the militia clearly took pride in its 2006 
performance, famously describing it as a "divine victory," 
Nasrallah also expressed regret at the escalation. "If I had 
EFTA_R1_00515985 
EFTA02013553
--- PAGE 5 ---
known...that the operation would lead to such a war," he said in 
August of that year, "would I do it? I say no, absolutely not." 
Such sentiments reflect the significant downsides associated 
with this "victory." The war was extremely costly -- physical 
damage to Lebanon alone exceeded $6 billion, with Shiite areas 
being hit the hardest. And in addition to providing no strategic 
gain to Hizballah, the fighting ended with much of the 
organization's stocks exhausted, along with its tunnel systems 
destroyed and marginally more difficult to rebuild given the 
augmented presence of UN troops per Security Council 
Resolution 1701. With Iranian and Syrian support, Hizballah 
rebuilt and retrenched, and the group now holds unprecedented 
quantities of even more advanced equipment that could carry it 
through several more rounds with Israel. Yet it is also aware that 
rearming in the future could prove challenging, particularly if 
Bashar al-Assad's embattled regime in Syria is toppled. The 
nominally secular Alawite regime in Damascus has been a 
strategic ally of theocratic Iran for more than thirty years, but if 
it should fall, it would undoubtedly be replaced by a Sunni 
regime that is unfriendly to the Shiite leadership in Tehran and 
Hizballah. Losing Damascus as a supplier and leading 
transshipment hub for Iranian weapons would likely compel 
Hizballah to rearm by sea, a more time-consuming and risky 
endeavor. Further complicating matters, Assad's fall could 
reinvigorate implementation of Resolution 1701's maritime 
interdiction component. 
Symbolic Costs 
For years, Hizballah carefully cultivated its image as the 
defender of Lebanon and the leader of regional "resistance" 
against Israel. After the 2006 war, Nasrallah -- a Shiite --
EFTA_R1_00515986 
EFTA02013554
--- PAGE 6 ---
became the most popular leader in the largely Sunni Arab world. 
Since then, however, a series of miscues has undermined the 
group's image in the region. 
First came the 2008 armed takeover of Beirut in which 
Hizballah turned its weapons on the Lebanese people. Then the 
organization was implicated in the 2005 murder of former 
Lebanese premier Rafiq Hariri, the leader of the country's Sunni 
community. More recently, Nasrallah's frequent and 
impassioned apologia on behalf of the atrocity-perpetrating 
Assad regime have gutted what remained of the organization's 
popularity abroad. Although there is little Hizballah can do 
about its diminished stature in the region, the militia requires 
continued support at home. Notwithstanding Nasrallah's oft-
quoted claim that "we are going to win because [the Israelis] 
love life and we love death," most of his constituents do not 
want to die. Consider the aftermath of Hizballah military chief 
Imad Mughniyah's 2008 assassination in Damascus. Days 
afterward, Nasrallah made a fiery speech in which he threatened 
to attack Israelis at home and abroad. Subsequently, war-weary 
and nervous Shiites in southern Lebanon stopped rebuilding 
homes damaged by the 2006 war and flocked to the passport 
office in Tyre in preparation for another mass exodus. 
Most Lebanese also realize that the next tangle with Israel will 
be even more costly than the previous one. Both sides have had 
ample time to plan and prepare, and Israel has repeatedly 
pledged to institute its "Dahiya Doctrine" in any future conflict, 
targeting not only Hizballah assets, but also the entirety of 
Lebanese civilian infrastructure. While few Lebanese would 
concede that Israel's 2006 operations were restrained, any future 
war promises to be much more destructive. Should Hizballah --
EFTA_R1_00515987 
EFTA02013555
--- PAGE 7 ---
an organization desperately trying to assert its Lebanese identity --
retaliate, it will risk being held responsible for initiating another 
war with Israel on Iran's behalf. 
Conclusion 
It is difficult to assess how Hizballah will weigh each of these 
factors in its decisionmaking. Tehran no doubt hopes that the 
threat posed by the militia will deter an Israeli or American 
attack, but once such a strike has been undertaken, the value of 
covering Israel with missiles would be more symbolic than 
strategic. According to former Mossad chief Meir Dagan, 
Hizballah retaliation would have a "devastating impact" on daily 
life throughout Israel, but the assured physical devastation of 
Lebanon could convince both Tehran and Hizballah that the cost 
to the militia's capabilities and local standing is too high. 
Despite the potential aftermath of retaliation, Hizballah could 
nevertheless find itself unable to remain completely on the 
sidelines. Instead of going all in, the militia might attempt to 
calibrate its response to elicit a more proportional Israeli 
reprisal. For example, rather than targeting the Israeli Defense 
Ministry in Tel Aviv with longer-range missiles, it could rain 
Katyushas on the north and dare Israel to escalate. After 
miscalculating in 2006, Nasrallah may or may not wish to test 
the tides again. In any event, Israel could help avoid this 
dynamic by publicly signaling the consequences of any 
Hizballah reprisal. With Assad on the ropes, Hizballah faces 
unprecedented constraints and pressures that will only increase 
if he is toppled. From a strict cost-benefit perspective, then, the 
militia could determine that attacking Israel in response to a 
strike on Iran would be counterproductive. In the end, however, 
EFTA_R1_00515988 
EFTA02013556
--- PAGE 8 ---
the decision might be predicated not on rationality, but on the 
higher authority of Hizballah's perceived obligation to defend its 
chief religious authority in Tehran. 
David Schenker is the Aufzien fellow and director of the 
Program on Arab Politics at The Washington Institute. 
Article 2. 
Foreign Policy 
Iran's War in Gaza 
Jonathan Schanzer 
March 13, 2012 -- Israeli jets pounded the Gaza Strip on March 
in the latest volley of fire since violence broke out late last 
week. But they were not fighting Hamas, Israel's traditional bete 
noire in Gaza. Though radical factions have now fired more than 
200 rockets into Israel, the self-described Islamic Resistance 
Movement has yet to claim responsibility for a single attack. It 
may be the first time the organization has refused to lead the 
charge to battle against Israel. 
Hamas has a different fight on its hands. Iran, through the use of 
its proxies, is fomenting instability in Gaza that it is ill-equipped 
to handle. Indeed, Tehran is punishing Gaza's de facto rulers for 
EFTA_R1_00515989 
EFTA02013557
--- PAGE 9 ---
leaving their long-standing alliance. 
Rocket fire out of Gaza is rather common, of course. Before the 
current spasm of violence, the Israelis had reported more than 50 
attacks this year. This latest round began on March 9 after an 
Israeli airstrike killed Zuhair al-Qaissi, the head of the Popular 
Resistance Committees (PRC), a group with deep ties to the Iran-
backed Hezbollah. Israeli sources_commonly_report that the two 
groups share a financial and logistical relationship. Tellingly, 
the PRC's_logo -- featuring an arm brandishing an automatic 
weapon -- borrows liberally from the Hezbollah_flag (which in 
turns borrows from the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps). 
Qaissi, according to the IDF, was on his way into Israel to carry 
out a terrorist attack. 
Hezbollah condemned the attack from Lebanon, while Iran-
backed factions in Gaza fired rockets in retribution. The PRC 
launched_at least 85, by their own (perhaps inflated) count. 
Palestinian Islamic Jihad -- whose primary patron is also Iran, 
according to the U.S. intelligence committee -- reportedly 
launched more than 185. Groups without ties to Iran accounted 
for a measly eight rockets fired on Israel, according to Israeli 
government sources. 
One Israeli outletreported that Hamas has allowed other jihadi 
groups to fire rockets with a wink and a nod. This is difficult to 
confirm. Meanwhile, Maan News Agency, an independent 
Palestinian news source, reported that Hamas leader Ismail 
Haniyeh engaged in intense talks brokered by Egypt to bring a 
halt to the violence. Those negotiations resulted in a cease-fire 
that went into effect Monday night, although several rockets 
have already_reportedly been fired since. 
EFTA_R1_00515990 
EFTA02013558
--- PAGE 10 ---
In fact, the last thing Hamas needs is a war. The militant faction 
faces its greatest challenge since its creation in 1987: While it 
has the hardware necessary to fight Israel, it lacks the foreign 
backing to mount a sustained campaign. 
Years of financial sanctions have hammered Tehran for pursuing 
its illicit nuclear program, denying Iran the cash that it has long 
provided to llamas. And after a year of violence in Syria, 
Hamas's external leaders had no choice but_to leave its longtime 
safe haven, while Haniyeh_denounced the regime of President 
Bashar al-Assad. After all, it's hard to present yourself as a 
group fighting for justice while your patron slaughters thousands 
of civilians in the streets. 
Numerous reports now indicate that Hamas is drifting from the 
Iran-Syria axis. While Hamas has not ruptured its relations with 
Tehran in the same manner that it abandoned Damascus, Iranian 
leaders are clearly irked that the Palestinian faction has refused 
to stand by Assad, a key strategic figure for Tehran in the region. 
Whereas Iran once respected Hamas's wishes and helped 
maintain a modicum of calm inside Gaza, the gloves are now 
off. Iran is using its smaller and less-expensive proxies, the PRC 
and PIJ, to create unrest on Hamas's turf. 
As the Iranians see it, Hamas has outlived its usefulness. In the 
aftermath of Operation Cast Lead in late 2008 and early 2009, 
during which Israel delivered punishing blows to Hamas in 
retaliation for rocket fire into southern Israel, the group has 
become more cautious. Ideologically, it has not changed. But 
practically, it seeks less to destroy Israel than to preserve its own 
existence. 
EFTA_R1_00515991 
EFTA02013559
--- PAGE 11 ---
The Iranian leadership also has its own reasons for wreaking 
havoc in Gaza now. For starters, it deflects international 
attention from Tehran's nuclear activities. With Israel on the 
brink of war with the Palestinians, the international community's 
Pavlovian response is to rein Israel in and call for calm on both 
sides. The United Nations is now rushing to avert a war in Gaza 
instead of looking at new ways to halt Iran's nuclear drive. 
Moreover, any unrest in the region reverberates in the oil 
markets. Traders don't like to see violence near their energy 
sources -- just look at the 2006 war between Israel and Lebanon, 
which drove oil prices up almost 15 percent, despite the fact that 
Lebanon is not an oil exporter. Causing spikes in oil prices is the 
easiest way for Iran to circumvent sanctions: The more oil costs, 
the more cash Tehran can raise as it takes those last fateful steps 
toward the nuclear threshold. 
The current crisis reveals that, for Iran, Hamas is expendable. 
But even after the alliance has frayed, Iran has maintained 
influence in Gaza thanks to a "martyrdom" culture it helped 
cultivate, weapons tunnels it helped build and maintain, and 
small but lethal terrorist groups it continues to finance. These 
groups now tempt Israel into another war from which only Iran 
will gain. 
Jonathan Schanzer is vice president for research at the 
Foundation for Defense of Democracies and author of Hamas 
vs Fatah: The Struggle for Palestine. 
Article 3. 
EFTA_R1_00515992 
EFTA02013560
--- PAGE 12 ---
Bloomberg 
In Iran Standoff, Netanyahu Could Be 
Bluffing 
Jeffrey Goldberg 
Mar 12, 2012 -- Whenever I'm in the Middle East, I find myself, 
sometimes within hours of arrival, more susceptible to the 
appeal of elaborate conspiracy theories. 
Perhaps it's the air, or the (lack of) water, but what sounds 
outlandish in the U.S. doesn't seem nearly so far-fetched here. 
I'm not referring to conspiracy theories drawn from the swamps 
of Sept. 11 delusion-mongering, or from the "Protocols of the 
Elders of Zion" or, alternatively, from the "Protocols of the 
Lunatics Who Believe Barack Obama Is a Muslim." 
I'm talking about the belief, advanced to me by a former senior 
Israeli military official, and echoed by other non-insane people, 
that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is bluffing: He 
has never had any intention of launching air and missile strikes 
against Iran's nuclear program, and is working behind the scenes 
with Obama to stop Iran through sanctions. 
In this interpretation, what Netanyahu has been doing -- for the 
past 15 years, in and out of office -- is creating conditions in 
which U.S., Western and Arab leaders believe that they must 
deny Iran its dream of nuclear weapons or else suffer the chaotic 
fallout of a precipitous, paranoia-driven Israeli attack. 
EFTA_R1_00515993 
EFTA02013561
--- PAGE 13 ---
An Attractive Theory 
The theory has its attractions. For one, Israel hasn't yet attacked 
Iran, though its leaders, going back to Yitzhak Rabin, have all 
stressed the danger an Iranian nuclear program would pose to 
Israel's existence. For at least the past two years, experts have 
argued that an Israeli strike is highly likely, yet it hasn't 
happened. 
Another attraction has to do with the personality of the man 
himself: Netanyahu is much better at talking than doing. Despite 
his reputation in some circles as a trigger-happy extremist, 
Netanyahu has, when compared with his recent predecessors, 
only sparingly used force against foes such as Hezbollah and 
Hamas. What he does deploy, daily, are words -- huge gusts of 
words infused with drama and portents of catastrophe. 
His speech on March 5 to the American Israel Public Affairs 
Committee convention in Washington is a case in point. Before 
an audience of 13,000, mainly Jews attuned to threats against 
their people, Netanyahu drew a direct line between Auschwitz in 
1944 and Iran's nuclear facilities today. If indeed the Iranian 
nuclear program is a physical manifestation of the Auschwitz 
spirit, then shouldn't Netanyahu have ordered airstrikes from the 
stage? Yet he didn't. 
The former Israeli military official I spoke with Sunday in Tel 
Aviv suggested three possible explanations for Netanyahu's lack 
of action: 1) He is paralyzed and won't act, no matter what he 
believes the threat to be; 2) He fears he would risk a serious 
rupture in his country's alliance with the U.S. if he attacked Iran 
unilaterally; and 3) It's all part of a game, one he has tacitly 
engineered with Obama. 
EFTA_R1_00515994 
EFTA02013562
--- PAGE 14 ---
I remain fairly confident that Netanyahu means it when he says 
that Israel would strike Iran to prevent it from going nuclear, but 
this third option is an interesting one, mainly because the game --
a sustained Israeli bluff -- would seem to be working so well. 
Obama and Netanyahu don't like each other very much. When I_ 
asked Obama if he and Netanyahu are friends, he said, in 
essence, "Well, we're all so busy with our jobs." It certainly 
seems clear from the outside that the two men don't have a 
trusting relationship. 
Extraordinary Accomplishment 
But they have accomplished something extraordinary together 
over the past two years. The sanctions Obama has placed on Iran 
are some of the toughest ever placed on any country. Even some 
hardliners now believe that they just might force a change in 
Iran's nuclear calculus. And how has Obama convinced the 
world that these sanctions are necessary? By pointing to 
Netanyahu and saying, "If you don't cooperate with me on 
sanctions, this guy is going to blow up the Middle East." 
Obama's good-cop routine is then aided immeasurably by the 
world's willingness to believe that Netanyahu is the bad cop. 
No one fully understands the dynamic between Obama and 
Netanyahu, apart from the men themselves. And no one, maybe 
not even their closest advisers, knows what they said to each 
other when they met alone March 5 in the White House. I 
recognize the suggestion that the two men are deliberately tag-
teaming Iran is a bit much to swallow, and I recognize, too, that 
believing Netanyahu never intends to attack Iran by himself is 
dangerous. 
EFTA_R1_00515995 
EFTA02013563
--- PAGE 15 ---
But, if true, Netanyahu is proving himself to be an adept poker 
player. Obama told me in an interview that, "as president of the 
United States, I don't bluff." Whether Netanyahu bluffs is 
perhaps the more important question. 
Jeffrey Goldberg is a Bloomberg View columnist and a national 
correspondent for The Atlantic. 
Mid< 4. 
I.e Monde Diplomatique 
Saudi Arabia's free pass 
Serge Halimi 
March 2012 -- Saudi Arabia's record is no better than Iran's 
when it comes to respect for human rights. Yet the international 
community always manages to overlook the Wahhabi monarchy. 
Could this be connected with Saudi Arabia's status as top oil-
producing country and trusted ally of the US? Saudi Arabia can 
intervene in Bahrain, crush democratic protests there, execute 
people in 2011 (including a woman accused of "sorcery"), 
threaten to execute a blogger who posted an imaginary 
conversation with the Prophet on Twitter, sentence thieves to 
amputation, announce that rape, sodomy, adultery, 
homosexuality, drug trafficking and apostasy are to carry the 
death penalty, and nobody except the Office of the UN High 
EFTA_R1_00515996 
EFTA02013564
--- PAGE 16 ---
Commissioner for Human Rights seems to care. The UN 
Security Council, the G20 (of which Saudi Arabia is a member), 
the International Monetary Fund, whose director recently visited 
Riyadh and expressed her appreciation of the kingdom's 
"important role" in supporting the global economy: none of 
them care. 
This monarchy still refuses to allow women to travel by car 
unless accompanied by husband or chauffeur, or to participate in 
the Olympic Games. Although the latest breach of at least two 
principles of the Olympic charter (1) hasn't caused much of a 
fuss. If Iran had been guilty of such sexual apartheid, 
international protests would have been organised and widely 
reported. 
The Tunisian prime minister Hamadi Jebali has provided 
another example of the preferential treatment automatically 
accorded to the Saudi monarchy. Jebali, who belongs to a 
movement savagely repressed by former president Zine el-
Abidine Ben Ali, praised his Saudi hosts on one of his first 
official visits abroad. Yet Riyadh, which supported the Ben Ali 
clan to the bitter end, refuses to extradite them and provides a 
safe haven for their finances. Gulf money also helps encourage 
the Salafists' provocative behaviour in Tunisia, funding TV 
channels that spread their medieval interpretation of Islam. 
In January 2008 French president Nicolas Sarkozy claimed that 
Saudi Arabia, "encouraged by His Majesty King Abdullah", was 
promoting a "policy of civilisation". Four years on, this country 
riddled with corruption is the Arab world's foremost proponent 
of ultra-conservative Sunni Islam. Riyadh's elders, who see the 
protests of young Saudis as a "new form of terrorism", only care 
EFTA_R1_00515997 
EFTA02013565
--- PAGE 17 ---
about peoples' rights when they can be used as a weapon against 
the "radical" or Shia regimes of their regional rivals. The 
kingdom thinks it will be shielded from popular protests by 
spending a drop of its oil revenues on social services, by its 
Sunni majority's contempt for the 10% to 20% of Shia nursing 
their grievances in the eastern part of the kingdom, and by the 
fear of Iran. The international indulgence of the Saudi monarchy 
is an added comfort. 
Serge Halimi is a journalist with the Le Monde diplomatique 
since 1992. In March 2008 he became the editorial director. He 
is also the author of Le Grand Bond en Arriere. 
(1) Principle 4 of the Fundamental Principles of Olympism states: "Every individual 
must have the possibility of practising sport, without discrimination of any kind." 
Principle 6 says: "Any form of discrimination with regard to a country or a person 
on grounds of race, religion, politics, gender or otherwise is incompatible with 
belonging to the Olympic Movement." 
Article S. 
NYT 
Capitalism, Version 2012 
Thomas L. Friedman 
EFTA_R1_00515998 
EFTA02013566
--- PAGE 18 ---
March 13, 2012 -- David Rothkopf, the chief executive and 
editor-at-large of Foreign Policy magazine, has a smart new 
book out, entitled "Power, Inc.," about the epic rivalry between 
big business and government that captures, in many ways, what 
the 2012 election should be about — and it's not 
"contraception," although the word does begin with a "C." It's 
the future of "capitalism" and whether it will be shaped in 
America or somewhere else. 
Rothkopf argues that while for much of the 20th century the 
great struggle on the world stage was between capitalism and 
communism, which capitalism won, the great struggle in the 
21st century will be about which version of capitalism will win, 
which one will prove the most effective at generating growth 
and become the most emulated. 
"Will it be Beijing's capitalism with Chinese characteristics?" 
asks Rothkopf. "Will it be the democratic development 
capitalism of India and Brazil? Will it be entrepreneurial small-
state capitalism of Singapore and Israel? Will it be European 
safety-net capitalism? Or will it be American capitalism?" It is 
an intriguing question, which raises another: What is American 
capitalism today, and what will enable it to thrive in the 21st 
century? 
Rothkopf s view, which I share, is that the thing others have 
most admired and tried to emulate about American capitalism is 
precisely what we've been ignoring: America's success for over 
200 years was largely due to its healthy, balanced public-private 
partnership — where government provided the institutions, 
EFTA_R1_00515999 
EFTA02013567
--- PAGE 19 ---
rules, safety nets, education, research and infrastructure to 
empower the private sector to innovate, invest and take the risks 
that promote growth and jobs. 
When the private sector overwhelms the public, you get the 
2008 subprime crisis. When the public overwhelms the private, 
you get choking regulations. You need a balance, which is why 
we have to get past this cartoonish "argument that the choice is 
either all government or all the market," argues Rothkopf. The 
lesson of history, he adds, is that capitalism thrives best when 
you have this balance, and "when you lose the balance, you get 
in trouble." 
For that reason, the ideal 2012 election would be one that 
offered the public competing conservative and liberal versions 
of the key grand bargains, the key balances, that America needs 
to forge to adapt its capitalism to this century. 
The first is a grand bargain to fix our long-term structural deficit 
by phasing in $1 in tax increases, via tax reform, for every $3 to 
$4 in cuts to entitlements and defense over the next decade. If 
the Republican Party continues to take the view that there must 
be no tax increases, we're stuck. Capitalism can't work without 
safety nets or fiscal prudence, and we need both in a sustainable 
balance. 
As part of this, we will need an intergenerational grand bargain 
so we don't end up in an intergenerational civil war. We need a 
proper balance between government spending on nursing homes 
and nursery schools — on the last six months of life and the first 
six months of life. 
Another grand bargain we need is between the environmental 
EFTA_R1_0051 6000 
EFTA02013568
--- PAGE 20 ---
community and the oil and gas industry over how to do two 
things at once: safely exploit America's newfound riches in 
natural gas, while simultaneously building a bridge to a low-
carbon energy economy, with greater emphasis on energy 
efficiency. 
Another grand bargain we need is on infrastructure. We have 
more than a $2 trillion deficit in bridges, roads, airports, ports 
and bandwidth, and the government doesn't have the money to 
make it up. We need a bargain that enables the government to 
both enlist and partner with the private sector to unleash private 
investments in infrastructure that will serve the public and offer 
investors appropriate returns. 
Within both education and health care, we need grand bargains 
that better allocate resources between remediation and 
prevention. In both health and education, we spend more than 
anyone else in the world — without better outcomes. We waste 
too much money treating people for preventable diseases and 
reteaching students in college what they should have learned in 
high school. Modern capitalism requires skilled workers and 
workers with portable health care that allows them to move for 
any job. 
We also need a grand bargain between employers, employees 
and government — a la Germany — where government provides 
the incentives for employers to hire, train and retrain labor. 
We can't have any of these bargains, though, without a more 
informed public debate. The "big thing that's missing" in U.S. 
politics today, Bill Gates said to me in a recent interview, "is 
this technocratic understanding of the facts and where things are 
EFTA_R1_00516001 
EFTA02013569
--- PAGE 21 ---
working and where they're not working," so the debate can be 
driven by data, not ideology. 
Capitalism and political systems — like companies — must 
constantly evolve to stay vital. People are watching how we 
evolve and whether our version of democratic capitalism can 
continue to thrive. A lot is at stake here. But if "we continue to 
treat politics as a reality show played for cheap theatrics," argues 
Rothkopf, "we increase the likelihood that the next chapter in 
the ongoing story of capitalism is going to be written somewhere 
else." 
Article 6. 
Foreign Policy 
Shalom, Beijing 
Oren Kessler 
March 13, 2012 -- It's no secret that Israeli-American relations 
are under strain. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's 
visit to Barack Obama's Oval Office last week may not have 
been as tense as last year's, but the two leaders' uneasy body 
language and discordant messaging have made it clear their 
EFTA_R1_00516002 
EFTA02013570
--- PAGE 22 ---
relations remain, at best, professional. 
But while Israel's relationship with its longtime squeeze may 
have turned chilly, the Jewish state has discovered an unlikely 
candidate with which to forge a new special relationship: China. 
Netanyahu may have needed a few takes to nail down his 
Mandarin delivery, but there he was, in late January, wishing the 
Chinese people a happy Year of the Dragon. "We are two 
ancient peoples whose values and traditions have left an 
indelible mark on humanity," he gushed. "But we are also two 
peoples embracing modernity, two dynamic civilizations 
transforming the world." 
The message was promptly mirrored on the other side. "As two 
ancient civilizations, we have a great deal in common. Both of 
us enjoy profound histories and splendid cultures," Gao 
Yanping, China's ambassador to Israel, told an Israeli newspaper 
a few days later. 
Gao was even more poetic on the Chinese Embassy's website. 
"Our relations are shining with new luster in the new era," she 
wrote. "It is my firm belief that, through our joint efforts, Sino-
Israeli relations will enjoy wider and greater prospects!" 
As they mark 20 years of diplomatic relations, China and Israel 
are exchanging far more than florid praise. Bilateral trade stands 
at almost $10 billion, a 200-fold rise in two decades. China is 
Israel's third-largest export market, buying everything from 
telecommunications and information technology to agricultural 
hardware, solar energy equipment, and pharmaceuticals. 
At least 1,000 Israeli firms now operate in China, home to a 
EFTA R1_00516003 
EFTA02013571
--- PAGE 23 ---
massive $10 billion kosher food industry that sends much of its 
output to Israel. Last September, the Israeli government 
announced Chinese participation in a rail project that would 
allow overland cargo transport through Israel's Negev desert, 
bypassing the Suez Canal. Two months later, the Chinese vice 
minister of commerce announced the two countries were mulling 
a free trade agreement. 
China's links with the Jews stretch back at least a millennium. 
The central city of Kaifeng retains a tiny Jewish community, the 
remnant of merchants from Persia and India who passed through 
around the 10th century. In the 1930s and 1940s, China was a 
safe haven for nearly 20,000 Jews fleeing Europe from the Nazi 
menace -- a shared history Chinese and Israeli officials often cite 
with pride. China's Jewish population swelled to almost 40,000 
by the end of World War II, though most left after the war for 
Israel or the West. 
Israel and China are almost the same age: The Jewish state was 
born in 1948, the People's Republic a year later. But though 
Israel was one of the first countries to recognize Mao Zedong's 
communist regime, it would take more than four decades for the 
favor to be returned. That lag stemmed not from any ideological 
opposition to Israel (both Mao and his nationalist predecessor, 
Sun Yat-sen, were favorably disposed to Zionism), but the 
calculation that China had more to gain from friendly ties with 
Arab and Islamic states than with an embattled and 
economically feeble Jewish enclave. 
Relations started to warm in the late 1970s, however, when --
following China's rupture with the Soviet Union and its 
establishment of ties with the United States -- Beijing started 
EFTA_R1_00516004 
EFTA02013572
--- PAGE 24 ---
cultivating secret links with the Israeli military. Israel had routed 
the Arab armies in the 1967 Six-Day War and suddenly found 
itself with enormous stockpiles of Soviet weaponry seized from 
its enemies. China's weapons were also Soviet-made, and Israeli 
technicians quietly helped Beijing modernize thousands of its 
rusting tanks. 
The secret partnership grew throughout the 1980s -- extending 
beyond military ties into agriculture and high technology. The 
1991 Madrid peace conference launched the peace process 
between Israel and its neighbors and provided the push for 
China's establishment of official relations with Israel a year later. 
Since then, Hebrew-language and Jewish studies centers have 
sprung up in universities nationwide. Indeed, one of the more 
curious elements in the Israel-China alliance is the latter's 
widespread fascination with Jews. Albert Einstein, Karl Marx, 
and Sigmund Freud are iconic figures in the country, and in the 
1950s the Chinese communist government issued a postage 
stamp bearing the visage of the Yiddish writer Sholem 
Aleichem. 
Many Chinese believe Jews to be highly intelligent and 
possessing an uncanny business sense. The bookshops of 
Beijing and Shanghai are stacked with titles like Jewish 
Business Sense and The Ancient and Great Jewish Writings for 
Getting Rich. Even the Talmud, the ancient text of Rabbinic law 
and commentary, is widely believed to be a sort of divine 
business manual. Travelers to Taiwan can stay in the Talmud 
Business Hotel, where rooms are "named after world famous 
successful individuals such as [Conrad] Hilton, [John D.] 
Rockefeller, [Alan] Greenspan, [George] Soros, [Warren] 
EFTA_R1_00516005 
EFTA02013573
--- PAGE 25 ---
Buffett and Bill Gates" (only Greenspan and Soros are actually 
Jewish). Each room boasts a copy of the Talmud-Business 
Success Bible -- "for anyone who would like to experience the 
Talmud way of becoming successful." 
In China, myths of Jewish wealth and influence have rarely 
engendered envy or malice. Instead, in a country hurtling toward 
a market economy, they have forged a uniquely Chinese form of 
philo-Semitism. The same legends may partly explain China's 
initial eagerness to court the Jewish state -- a ticket, it believed, 
to winning over America's supposedly all-powerful "Jewish 
lobby." 
Those illusions began to dissolve in 2000, when U.S. President 
Bill Clinton's administration put the kibosh on Israel's planned 
$1 billion sale to Beijing of its Phalcon airborne warning and 
control system. Washington feared China's acquisition of cutting-
edge radar equipment could destabilize the entire Pacific region, 
and it threatened to downsize its annual aid to Israel if the sale 
went through. Five years later, George W. Bush's administration 
pressured Israel to cancel the sale of drone aircraft and surface-
to-air missiles to China, prompting furious denunciations from 
Beijing over American "carping." 
Since then, Israel has barred its companies from selling China 
any kind of high-tech military equipment that might aggravate 
relations with Washington. Nevertheless, despite the ban, 
intergovernmental ties and intelligence-sharing have flourished. 
Ehud Barak visited China in June 2011 -- the first Israeli 
defense minister to do so in a decade. Gen. Chen Bingde, head 
of the People's Liberation Army's General Staff, landed in Israel 
two months later in the first-ever visit of a Chinese military chief 
EFTA_R1_00516006 
EFTA02013574
--- PAGE 26 ---
to Israel Defense Forces headquarters in Tel Aviv. The exact 
purpose of Chen's visit remains unclear; the Chinese Defense 
Ministry said only that he had arrived to "deepen understanding, 
enhance friendships, expand consensus and promote 
cooperation." 
As Chinese-Israeli cooperation deepens and expands, one issue 
is becoming harder to avoid: Iran. China is Iran's largest 
destination for exports -- it buys 80 percent of Iran's oil -- and its 
second-largest source of imports (barely edged out by the trade 
hub of Dubai). Chinese trade with Iran is valued at over $30 
billion -- at least three times larger than Chinese trade with 
Israel -- and is projected to reach $50 billion by 2015. And with 
sanctions edging Western companies out of Iran, China has 
rushed in to fill the void: At least 100 state-run companies now 
operate in the Islamic Republic, many heavily invested in its fuel 
and infrastructure industries. 
The Chinese officially support a peaceful Iranian nuclear 
program, but have dragged their feet in condemning Tehran's 
move toward weapons-grade uranium enrichment. They 
grudgingly voted in favor of all U.N. Security Council 
resolutions condemning Iran, but each time expressed 
reservations over the imposition of sanctions and urged more 
time be given for negotiations. 
"China only agreed to sanctions that don't apply real pressure on 
Iran -- namely, those that don't touch its financial or energy 
sectors," says Yoram Evron of the University of Haifa and the 
Institute for National Security Studies. "China's participation 
might have given the sanctions legitimacy, but it has effectively 
weakened international pressure." 
EFTA_R1_0051 6007 
EFTA02013575
--- PAGE 27 ---
"The Chinese want to irk the Americans," adds Yitzhak Shichor, 
also of the University of Haifa. "If, for example, the U.S. says it 
wants to sell arms to Taiwan, the Chinese can do nothing but 
weep and wail -- instead they react on the Iranian front." 
For years, Israeli officials have attempted to convince Beijing to 
change course on Tehran. In February 2010, a high-level Israeli 
delegation again traveled to China, ostensibly to reiterate the 
dangers posed by a nuclear-armed Iran. This time they tried a 
different tack: explaining the consequences of an Israeli strike 
on that program -- a prospect they described as inevitable should 
sanctions fail. "They really sat up in their chairs when we 
described what a preemptive attack would do to the region and 
on oil supplies they have come to depend on," an Israeli official 
said at the time. 
The campaign appears to have paid off, and by mid-2010, 
China's tone had perceptibly changed. In June of that year, when 
the Security Council slapped Iran with a fourth round of 
sanctions, Beijing abandoned its initial opposition and 
ultimately backed the resolution, saying it supported a "two-way 
method" of continued talks alongside harder sanctions. This 
January, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao issued an unusually blunt 
warning that his government "adamantly opposes" Iran's nuclear-
weapons drive. 
China's apparent shift has not gone unnoticed in Tehran. In 2010 
Ali Akbar Salehi, then head of Iran's Atomic Energy 
Organization, cautioned that "Beijing might gradually lose its 
respectable status in the Islamic world and wake up when it is 
already too late." 
EFTA_R1_0051 6008 
EFTA02013576
--- PAGE 28 ---
These days, China's diplomatic waltz -- keeping one foot in 
Tehran and the other in Tel Aviv -- is beginning to look 
increasingly awkward. As the People's Republic discovers the 
Jews, it should remember an old Yiddish proverb: You can't 
dance at two weddings at once. 
Oren Kessler is Middle East affairs correspondent for the 
Jerusalem Post. 
Article 7. 
Project Syndicate 
Whose Sovereignty? 
Javier Solana 
2012-03-13 — Despite the huge sums expended to write down 
Greece's foreign debt, there has been an outcry of censure 
against "interference" with the country's national sovereignty. 
True, in exchange for considerable European aid, Greece's 
ability to maneuver independently will be limited. But are 
complaints that Greek sovereignty has been severely impaired 
justified? 
The idea of a nation-state's sovereignty is rooted in the 
seventeenth-century Treaty of Westphalia, which embraced non-
interference by external agents in states' domestic affairs as the 
EFTA_R1_00516009 
EFTA02013577
--- PAGE 29 ---
guiding principle of international relations. But, taken to its 
logical extreme, national sovereignty would require the 
complete physical and social isolation of states from one 
another. Indeed, an excessive emphasis on national sovereignty 
leads to serious problems: after all, any international agreement, 
whether political or economic, entails a certain transfer of 
sovereignty. 
Europe's aid to Greece is an example of a cooperative agreement 
whereby the various parties negotiate with the others' interests 
in mind. Greece asked its fellow European Union members for 
help, and they have obliged with an enormous amount of aid. In 
addition to €130 billion in loans (more than 40% of Greek GDP, 
on top of the £110 billion loaned to Greece in 2010), a 50% 
"haircut" has been imposed on Greece's private creditors, and 
the European Central Bank has waived expected returns on its 
holdings of Greek bonds. 
Regardless of whether this is technically and economically the 
best solution to Greece's problem, it is logical that the EU 
participated in designing it. Participating in the collective life of 
the international community of states implies bearing others in 
mind and, when necessary, giving up certain prerogatives of 
sovereignty. 
For example, when Spain decided to join the World Trade 
Organization, it ceded sovereignty by accepting the WTO's rules 
and regulations. It had to abandon commercially preferential 
treatment to some countries and treat all WTO members alike. 
Spain accepted this in exchange for being able to trade on equal 
terms with the rest of the world. 
EFTA_R1_00516010 
EFTA02013578
--- PAGE 30 ---
British sociologist Anthony Giddens rightly describes such 
examples as cases of integration or union in exchange for global 
influence. States cooperate because it is advantageous for them 
to do so, but at the same time they lose control over certain 
internal matters. They shift from unilateral to cooperative 
decision-making. 
Whether this is a violation of sovereignty depends on our 
conception of sovereignty. As with the concept of individual 
freedom, national sovereignty depends on how its components 
are defined. In his classic On Liberty, John Stuart Mill used the 
"harm principle" to express the view that a person's individual 
liberty could be limited only in order to protect others and avoid 
harm. The debate consists in how we define "harm" to others. 
In the same way, the debate about the meaning of national 
sovereignty consists in what we consider "domestic" matters. 
Depending on where we place the emphasis and how wide our 
focus is, we prioritize either a "global" (or at least "federal") 
dimension to sovereignty, or a "national" dimension. 
The EU seems to represent a halfway point between these two 
conceptions of sovereignty. But it is becoming increasingly 
difficult to determine the difference between purely domestic 
matters and those that require international collective action. 
Globalization has made frontiers more porous. We see how one 
country's policies, whether pertaining to work, the environment, 
public health, taxation, or myriad other issues, can have a direct 
impact on others. And we see such interdependence even more 
clearly in their economic performance: China's annual GDP 
growth rate, for example, will slow by two percentage points this 
year, owing to sluggishness in the United States and the EU. 
EFTA_R1_00516011 
EFTA02013579
--- PAGE 31 ---
Likewise, more countries (and more varied in their character and 
historical trajectory) are emerging strongly on the global scene: 
Brazil's GDP recently surpassed that of the United Kingdom. 
Their emergence holds important implications for global 
governance at a time when the imbalance between existing 
problems/threats and the means available to states to guarantee 
their citizens' safety increases. 
On a global scale, this complex and interdependent world needs 
an organization of states and structures of governance oriented 
towards responsible dialogue, the aim being to mitigate abuses 
of power and defend global public assets. Without such 
structures, the world risks a competitive and disorderly race to 
the bottom among states — as often occurs with taxation —
together with a protectionist backlash. History has shown that 
such developments often lead to disastrous conflicts. 
On the European level, legitimacy is essential and — let's be 
realistic — won't be achieved unless and until Europeans 
overcome certain antiquated ideas about sovereignty. 
Paradoxically, when the crisis struck, the EU was criticized for 
its lack of integration. Now that it seeks to advance in that 
direction, the Union is accused of crimping national sovereignty. 
Citizens must have the feeling that the institutions that govern 
them account for their interests and make them part of the 
decision-making process, which implies a union based on rules 
rather than power. The fact that the EU does not instantly have 
all of the answers to a problem does not mean that it has no 
future. The EU is a new and marvellous experiment, which, as 
with all experiments, entails a degree of uncertainty. But that 
should not make us ignore the opportunity cost of a more 
EFTA_R1_0051 6012 
EFTA02013580
--- PAGE 32 ---
"national" conception of sovereignty. 
Indeed, the dynamics of interdependence have become well 
established — so much so that they cannot be reversed. To adhere 
to a narrow Westphalian concept of sovereignty in this world is 
an unwise anachronism at best, and a dangerous gamble at 
worst. 
The poet Jose Angel Valente might call this a desire "...to wait 
for History to wind the clocks and return us to the time in which 
we would wish everything could start." But, in the prosaic world 
of the here and now, the concept of sovereignty has already 
moved on. 
Javier Solana, former Secretary-General of NATO and EU High 
Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy, is 
Distinguished Senior Fellow in Foreign Policy at the Brookings 
Institution and President of the ESADE Center for Global 
Economy and Geopolitics. 
EFTA_R1_00516013 
EFTA02013581

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013582.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Gary Kerney 
From: 
Jeffrey epstein 
Sent: 
Wed 11/16/2011 8:46:45 PM 
Subject: 
Re: RE: 
I thought you were going to meet mark on the 14th? 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 16, 2011, at 8:11 AM, "Gary Kerney" < 
wrote: 
> No,on the first you requested that I not go to the island as planed but see 
how Tom was doing by the 6th 
> I have been talking to Brice and Tom regulary and comunicating with Mark via 
email. 
> From: Jeffrey Epstein (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
> Sent: Tue 11/15/2011 6:10 PM 
> To: Gary Kerney 
> Subject: 
> are you on the isalnd 
> --
> ************************ ***** **** ****** ********* *********** 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516014 
EFTA02013582

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013583.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
" 
maitcomUeevacationellgmaiLcom] Epstein Jeftreybeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 12/18/2012 5:39:41 PM 
Subject Call List 
JC (Juan a 
office 
cell 
Elen Capri: 
Enrique: I followed up with Tommy's office, but they have not given me his number. 
Scheduled Calls today: 
1:00 JE to call Leon Black (MM) 
3:00 JE to call Erika Kellerhals (
4:30 JE to call Alan Halperin
EFTA_R1_00518015 
EFTA02013583

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013584.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent: 
Sun Jul 10 12:01:40 2011 
EFTA_R1_00516016 
EFTA02013584

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013585.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013585.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationt0gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
emad hanna 
Sent: 
Fri 7/8/2011 3:42:40 PM 
Subject: LSJ Flagpole Pool 
Jeffrey, 
I have a request signed off by Gary for S9,896.40 for stucco work completed on the Flagpole 
Pool Cabana walls. 
May I process this reuest 
Thank you 
Emad Hanna 
Project Controller 
FIBRK Associates 
301 East 66th St 
Suite 10F 
New York. NY 10065 
Cell 
LSJ Office 
St. Thomas O 
NY Off 
EFTA_R1_00516017 
EFTA02013585

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013586.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Keith Frankel[@] 
From: 
jeevacation (rnailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Subject: Re: (no subject) 
Are you down this weekend? 
EFTA_R1_00516018 
EFTA02013586

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013587.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeeyacation@gmail.com > 
To: 
Faith Kates 
Sent: 
Sat Oct 30 09:20:41 2010 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00516019 
EFTA02013587

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013588.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationft 
" 
" 
ail.com] Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Cc: 
Daphne Wallace 
] 
From: 
ann rodriquez 
Sent 
Fri 9/14/2012 2:34:51 PM 
Subject: Re: Temporary Help 
Temporary Help.xlsx 
Hey Bossman, 
List as you requested... 
Sony for the delay, 
Ann R. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <*eevacation 
mail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez 
; Daphne Wallace
Sent: Friday, September 14, 2012 9:27 AM 
Subject: 
list of temp helpers „ meachanics ,maids. electri. plumbers. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationPsmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_0051 6020 
EFTA02013588

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013589.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013589.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
is here! 
Sent: 
Friday, April 15, 2011 5:24:51 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.corn> 
EFTA_R1_00516022 
EFTA02013589

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013590.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation 
mail.com 'eeyacation 
mail.com • Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Cc: 
Fran: 
Sent 
Wed 4/25/2012 9:12:48 PM 
Subject: Tom_Melnick_042512 
Confirming  that Tom has 16 days vacation days - 6 days from last year were not taken 
LSJ,LLC 
Island Manager 
6100 Red Hook Quarters Suite B3 
St Thomas 
USVI 00802 
Tel: 
Fax: 
EFTA_R1_00518023 
EFTA02013590

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013591.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmaitcom[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationelgmail.comueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
SCOTT DENETT 
Sent 
Wed 10/26/2011 5:06:01 PM 
Subject Gym 
So the apple tv has a digital connection to the MD/cd channel that was left on so 
that should be fine 
EFTA_R1_00516024 
EFTA02013591

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013592.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey 
The letter is fine with the following amended Para 1: 
I wanted you to know with certainty, that many things said in the press about you that were 
attributed to me were either fabricated from malicious headlines unrelated to anything I said, or an 
outrageous exaggeration. 
Let us know how you would like this — band written, email or typed and posted. 
James 
James Henderson 
Managing Director 
Direct I 
Mobile 
Pelham Bell Pottinger 
6th11.1.30 
Hi h Holborn. London. WC1V 7QD 
Tel: 
Fax. 
wale./ pelhambellpottinger co ‘ik 
A CarbonNeutrar company 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE AND LEGAL LIABILITY WAIVER: The content of this email and any attachments are CONFIDENTIAL and may 
contain privileged information. If you are not the addressee It may be UNLAWFUL for you to read. copy, distribute. disclose or otherwise use the 
information contained herein. The content of the message and or attachments may not reflect the view and opinions of the originating company 
or any party it is representing.
If you are NOT the intended recipient then please email back 10 giggnehiM0 Ole Lfli 
EFTA_R1_00516025 
EFTA02013592
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA_R1_00516026 
EFTA02013593

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013594.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
maitcon-[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffres[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 4/8/2013 8:28:53 PM 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00516027 
EFTA02013594

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013595.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
iffaition&maitcomjjeeyacation©gmail.comj: Jeffrey epsteinueevecatiomagmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
Sat 7/16/2011 1:30:20 AM 
Subject RE: RE: 
COME BACK!!!! 
From: Jeffrey epstein 
Sent: 
, July 15, 2011 9:36 AM 
To: 
Subject: Re: RE: 
Rm 507 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from in) 'Phone 
On Jul 15,2011, at 9:25 AM, 
Across street grabbing coffee 5 mins 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sen
ic
r
ia , July 15, 2011 8:25 AM 
To: 
Walker, MD 
Subject: 
im in roon 507 
\\rote: 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516028 
EFTA02013595

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013596.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comUeeyacationellgmail.cont Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Nowak, Martin 
Sent 
Mon 10/15/2012 2:25:40 AM 
Subject: Re: 
this is a great idea! 
i think we can calculate energy and entropy 
with this formula 
On Oct 14, 2012, at 12:02 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
size , entropy, 
On Sun, Oct 14, 2012 at 3:43 PM, Nowak, Martin 
mike found the most amazing formula 
for the high temperature limit of the alliance model 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOgmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00510029 
EFTA02013596

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013597.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; J Jepueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
GMAX 
Sent: 
Mon 3/21/2011 4:06:06 PM 
Subject: <no subject> 
What I need to hang my hat on is the following - I only need this one piece and I will then go 
quietly into the sunset.. 
What year actually did u meet.- I am sure her version of dates are wrong it was just to be able 
to say she was 15— I'm going to guess summer August/ Sept '99 or 2000 — just that piece alone 
will allow me to say something that will along w/all the other information will discredit her 
stories..if it was '98 then it will have been after her b"day as there was no party for her..she 
Mi?
t in to add 'legitimacy' to her fraudulent claim..did she have a fake ID to work at 
l
.? Can you work full time at 15 — she was working full time that much I do remember 
When did she stop working at M — if we could get her employment record that would be good 
— she told me she was a masseuse..assume now that that was a lie too to add to her many.. 
What lies did she tell on her immigration form to l
— is that gettable? Is that a public 
document? 
Can darren tell me anything on her dates? 
EFTA_R1_00516030 
EFTA02013597

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013598.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
larry kirson [mato. 
Subject: 
VIVA LA FRANCE 
Years ago today we went to the American Embassy to sign you up for the draft. 
Happy Birthday. 
EFTA_R1_00516031 
EFTA02013598

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013599.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013599.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
I i 
mail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.corn]; Jefffrey Epstein[jeeyacation@gmailtorn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Wed 11/2/2011 9:07:10 AM 
Subject: 
Chris Poole 
Sent from my iPhonc 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Chris Poole 
Date: November 2, 2011 3:30:54 AM EDT 
To: 
Subject: e: e rey pstein 
Hi 
hnigKi
ew York and will be in town all month with the exception of 
November 11-16 and 24-25. 
Does Mr. Epstein have any availability an afternoon later this month? 
Thanks for bearing with me on this, I appreciate it! 
Best, 
Chris 
On Wed, Oct 26, 2011 at 07:30 
wrote: 
Morning chris. Jeffrey said of course to november! Please let us know when you 
will be in new york next and hopefully we can put something together. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 25, 2011, at 7:57 PM, Chris Pool 
:• wrote: 
Hi Lesley, 
Unfortunately I'm going be flying out tomorrow for a conference. 
Does Mr. Epstein have any availability in November? 
Best, 
EFTA_R1_00516032 
EFTA02013599
--- PAGE 2 ---
Chris 
On Tue, Oct 25, 2011 at 16:56 
wrote: 
Hello... 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein is asking if you might be available to come and see him 
tomorrow at his home in NY city. Might you be around and have 
some free time? 
Please let me know. 
Thank ou, 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_0051 6033 
EFTA02013600

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013601.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmaitconteeyacationagmail.comi: Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Brian Boyd 
Sent 
Sun 7/15/2012 1:10:59 AM 
Subject Re: 
Yes, good thought: with the sound play, old-Coll, the doctor Colt letter play, and the oxymoron 
old Doctor novice (especially when he's treating what seems like youthfulness, "growing pains," 
the disruption of adolescence), we're starting to have plenty of reasons. Once you start to put 
artistic choices to the question, all sorts of things open up--and of course answers don't preclude 
further questions. 
B 
On 15/07/2012, at 12:00 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
colt ado 
n. 
1. A young male horse. 
2. A youthful or inexperienced person; a novice. 
On Sat. Jul 14, 2012 at 6:47 PM, Brian Boy a> 
wrote: 
sure 
On 15/07/2012, at 10:39 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
skype now ? 
On Sat, Jul 14, 2012 at 6:12 PM, Brian Boyd 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Sure. If you're in the EST area, I'm 8 hours behind you, a day ahead. 
Today or tomorrow both fine. Now or over the next few hours 
would be fine. 
B 
On 15/07/2012, at 1:40 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
lets skype or talk in the next day or two 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA_R1_00516034 
EFTA02013601
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationAgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to joevacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516035 
EFTA02013602

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013603.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Thijs and Pieter are HERE! 
Sent: 
Wednesday, December 4, 2013 7:00:52 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516036 
EFTA02013603

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013604.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
ate: February 22, 2010 5:42:27 PM EST To: " 
> Subject: RE: 
EFTA_R1_00516037 
EFTA02013604

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013605.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013605.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject Re: 
itcornueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Thur 4/26/2012 7:34:49 AM 
Still in Dubai..going to Abu Dhabi today for lunch with the founder of Blackwater. We met 
Sultans brother yesterday and saw his classic car collection which was pretty cool. Not sure 
where we are headed from here, but hopefully going to Europe tomorrow. It's been a pretty chill 
few days..jet lag has me in a daze. We are staying with a couple who live on the 98th floor of the 
Bud Khalifs. They are very nice..moved here 3 months ago from NY. He's an ex- NFL football 
player now working at Goldman Sachs and she started a recycling company with a kw of her 
friends in Saudi Arabia. And all is great with B : ) 
On Apr 26, 2012, at 2:04 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jecv.i cationg unthil corn> wrote: 
well? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_005160313 
EFTA02013605

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013606.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013606.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@grnail.com> 
Sent: 
Frida Aril 29 2011 9:18:41 PM 
Cc: 
To: 
EFTA_R1_00516042 
EFTA02013606

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013607.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject Re: order 
ordered :) 
ail.conteevacationagmail.cont Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Sat 11/24/2012 5:30:06 PM 
On Sat, Nov 24, 2012 at 11:43 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
sI tp://www. hal loweencostumes.com/sexy-detective-
cost.ti 
t n )17u t m_souree=googleps&utm medium— P 'c 
u t  campaign=PLA-
All&gcl 
CLW7ZW(361 MCFOeynOori4xeAnQ 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA R1_00510043 
EFTA02013607

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013608.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Olivier Colom is here! 
Sent: 
Thursday. January 9, 2014 3:10:34 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516045 
EFTA02013608

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013609.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Jeffre E stein 'eevacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Subject: 
pies 
EFTA_R1_00516046 
EFTA02013609

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013610.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Gary P. Anzalone 
Sent: 
Wed 5/16/2012 4:23:04 PM 
Subject: Bell 430 
Hey Larry, 
EFTA_R1_00516048 
EFTA02013610

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013611.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Cc: 
Jojo fo 
Bamett 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: 
Lesley Groff 
Wed 11/28/2012 12:39:59 PM 
Schedule 
8:30 breakfast with Barak 
mail.com] 
; Lyn & 
; Richard 
EFTA_R1_00516049 
EFTA02013611

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013612.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation©gmail.comj; Jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Fri 3/2/2012 12:14:10 AM 
Subject: 
Re: 
Now?? 
<
mil m> 
An: 
Gesendet: 0:44 Freitag, 2.M rz 2012 
Betreff: Re: 
Now? 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 1, 2012, at 9:34 AM, 
When do you want to talk? 
An: 
Gesendet: 16:28 Mittwoch, 29.Februar 2012 
Betreff: Re: 
an
wrote: 
yes, ashmaed last longer , no need in either case.. just find three new girls aspunishment 
On Wed, Feb 29, 2012 at 7:27 AM, 
Is embarrassed and ashamed the same thing? 
Von: Jeffrey E•stein <.eevacation • • mail.com> 
An: 
Gesendet: 15:55 Mittwoch, 29.Februar 2012 
Betreff: 
speak today? do not be embarassed , ? you will only learn from your mistakes 
******************* 
********************** 
****** ************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00510050 
EFTA02013612
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to ice\ acationOgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516051 
EFTA02013613

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013614.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013614.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeeyacation©gmail.com > 
Received: 
11:34:12 
To: 
Subject: 
EFTA_R1_00516052 
EFTA02013614

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013615.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013615.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.compeeyacation©gmail.cont, 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Wed 12/22/2010 10:58:48 AM 
Subject 
Re: St. Barths lunch today 
Title: Re: St. Barths lunch today 
How many people are you? I am going to email Dasha Zhukova now. I asswne Roman's boat is in the harbor. I am going 
to invite them to the Taiwana for lunch...what time? And email Tamara Mellon too. What time. 2:00pm? They may not 
want to come and invite us to the boat. Are you OK with that...if they do want to come to Taiwan, should I ask Sam and 
Aby too? 
Peg 
— Original Message —
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Wed Dec 22 05:35:25 2010 
Subject: Re: St. Berths 
Roman? , not Larry, Tamara is friends with Ghislaine and would be welcome.. I am so happy that you arc having a good 
time 
On Tue, Dec 21, 2010 at 7:28 PM, Peggy Siegal 
wrote: 
Do you want me to organize lunch. Larry only eats with collectors...he has Cy Twombly as a house guest. Aby 
Rosen and Samantha are cool..Tamara Mellon is at Isle de France too. The troups are just beginning to flood in. 
My rust two days have been quite and fun. 
Peg 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential. may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside infonnation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use. disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof. 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518053 
EFTA02013615

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013616.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
" 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Epstein Jeffrey[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 9/13/2012 5:37:09 PM 
Subject: Dr. Merkin 
Please call Dr. Merkin 
EFTA_R1_00516057 
EFTA02013616

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013617.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein 
CCUeeyacation 
mail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 5/31/2012 8:16:01 PM 
Subject Little 
Little 
response to reviewing her pictures: 
EFTA_R1_00516058 
EFTA02013617

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013618.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Mon 8/20/2012 11:01:24 AM 
Subject: Can't meet you. 
Have to meet bill earlier. Something came up and I need to brief him earlier. 
Can call you around 10:15 or 10:30 if you want. 
See you soon 
B 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
EFTA_R1_00516059 
EFTA02013618

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013619.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013619.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
David Stern 
From: 
Jeffrey 
Sent: 
Tue 4/24/2012 10:29:46 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Yes 
EFTA_R1_00516060 
EFTA02013619

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013620.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013620.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
terje is here! 
Sent: 
Thursday, January 9, 2014 3:23:36 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516063 
EFTA02013620

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013621.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013621.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.comUeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Office of Terje Rod-Larsen 
Sent: 
Mon 4/23/2012 9:26:17 PM 
Subject: April 23 update 
April, 2012 
Article 1. 
The Washington Post 
Nuclear weapon reductions must be part of 
strategic analysis 
Henry A. Kissinger and Brent Scowcroft 
The National Interest 
The Fantasy of Zero Nukes 
Amitai Etzioni 
The Weekly Standard 
Negotiations That Matter 
Reuel Marc Gerecht 
The Washington Post 
Fears of extremism taking hold in Syria as 
violence continues 
Liz 
EFTA_R 1_00516064 
EFTA02013621
--- PAGE 2 ---
Article 5. 
Asharq Al-Awsat 
interview: The PLO's Ahmad Quray 
Kifah Zaboun 
Article 6. 
Hurriyet Daily News 
Turkey blocks Israel from NATO summit 
Serkan Demirta§ 
Article I. 
The Washington Post 
Nuclear weapon reductions must be 
part of strategic analysis 
Henry A. Kissinger and Brent Scowcroft 
April 23 -- A New STAR l' treaty reestablishing the process of 
nuclear arms control has recently taken effect. Combined with 
reductions in the U.S. defense budget, this will bring the number 
of nuclear weapons in the United States to the lowest overall 
level since the 1950s. The Obama administration is said to be 
considering negotiations for a new round of nuclear reductions 
to bring about ceilings as low as 300 warheads. Before 
EFTA_R1_00518085 
EFTA02013622
--- PAGE 3 ---
momentum builds on that basis, we feel obliged to stress our 
conviction that the goal of future negotiations should be 
strategic stability and that lower numbers of weapons should be 
a consequence of strategic analysis, not an abstract preconceived 
determination. 
Regardless of one's vision of the ultimate future of nuclear 
weapons, the overarching goal of contemporary U.S. nuclear 
policy must be to ensure that nuclear weapons are never used. 
Strategic stability is not inherent with low numbers of weapons; 
indeed, excessively low numbers could lead to a situation in 
which surprise attacks are conceivable. 
We supported ratification of the START treaty. We favor 
verification of agreed reductions and procedures that enhance 
predictability and transparency. One of us (Kissinger) has 
supported working toward the elimination of nuclear weapons, 
albeit with the proviso that a series of verifiable intermediate 
steps that maintain stability precede such an end point and that 
every stage of the process be fully transparent and verifiable. 
The precondition of the next phase of U.S. nuclear weapons 
policy must be to enhance and enshrine the strategic stability 
that has preserved global peace and prevented the use of nuclear 
weapons for two generations. 
Eight key facts should govern such a policy: 
First, strategic stability requires maintaining strategic forces of 
sufficient size and composition that a first strike cannot reduce 
retaliation to a level acceptable to the aggressor. 
Second, in assessing the level of unacceptable damage, the 
EFTA_R1_00516066 
EFTA02013623
--- PAGE 4 ---
United States cannot assume that a potential enemy will adhere 
to values or calculations identical to our own. We need a 
sufficient number of weapons to pose a threat to what potential 
aggressors value under every conceivable circumstance. We 
should avoid strategic analysis by mirror-imaging. 
Third, the composition of our strategic forces cannot be defined 
by numbers alone. It also depends on the type of delivery 
vehicles and their mix. If the composition of the U.S. deterrent 
force is modified as a result of reduction, agreement or for other 
reasons, a sufficient variety must be retained, together with a 
robust supporting command and control system, so as to 
guarantee that a preemptive attack cannot succeed. 
Fourth, in deciding on force levels and lower numbers, 
verification is crucial. Particularly important is a determination 
of what level of uncertainty threatens the calculation of stability. 
At present, that level is well within the capabilities of the 
existing verification systems. We must be certain that projected 
levels maintain — and when possible, reinforce — that 
confidence. 
Fifth, the global nonproliferation regime has been weakened to a 
point where some of the proliferating countries are reported to 
have arsenals of more than 100 weapons. And these arsenals are 
growing. At what lower U.S. levels could these arsenals 
constitute a strategic threat? What will be their strategic impact 
if deterrence breaks down in the overall strategic relationship? 
Does this prospect open up the risk of hostile alliances between 
countries whose forces individually are not adequate to 
challenge strategic stability but that combined might overthrow 
the nuclear equation? 
EFTA_R1_0051 6067 
EFTA02013624
--- PAGE 5 ---
Sixth, this suggests that, below a level yet to be established, 
nuclear reductions cannot be confined to Russia and the United 
States. As the countries with the two largest nuclear arsenals, 
Russia and the United States have a special responsibility. But 
other countries need to be brought into the discussion when 
substantial reductions from existing START levels are on the 
international agenda. 
Seventh, strategic stability will be affected by other factors, such 
as missile defenses and the roles and numbers of tactical nuclear 
weapons, which are not now subject to agreed limitations. 
Precision-guided large conventional warheads on long-range 
delivery vehicles provide another challenge to stability. The 
interrelationship among these elements must be taken into 
account in future negotiations. 
Eighth, we must see to it that countries that have relied on 
American nuclear protection maintain their confidence in the 
U.S. capability for deterrence. If that confidence falters, they 
may be tempted by accommodation to their adversaries or 
independent nuclear capabilities. 
Nuclear weapons will continue to influence the international 
landscape as part of strategy and an aspect of negotiation. The 
lessons learned throughout seven decades need to continue to 
govern the future. 
Article 2. 
EFTA_R1_00516068 
EFTA02013625
--- PAGE 6 ---
The National Interest 
The Fantasy of Zero Nukes 
Amitai Etzioni 
April 23, 2012 -- Nowhere is President Obama's tendency to 
confuse speech making with policy making more evident than in 
his treatment of nuclear weapons, the greatest threat to both U.S. 
security and world peace. 
The main hot spots are well known: North Korea, Iran and 
Pakistan. Instead, the president has focused for the last three 
years on Russia. President Obama believes that the best way to 
deal with WMD is to lead by example. He holds that, as the 
United States and Russia recommit themselves to nuclear 
disarmament, other nations will be inspired to either give up 
their nuclear arms or refrain from acquiring any. It is a policy 
Keith B. Payne fairly labeled "nuclear utopianism." 
The strategy that calls for the United States and Russia to lead 
the parade to nuclear disarmament was formed by four highly 
regarded statesmen: the quad of two Republicans, Henry 
Kissinger and George Schultz, as well as two Democrats, Sam 
Nunn and William Perry. All four are very senior veterans of the 
Cold War. Their strategy relies on reductions in the number of 
warheads loaded on the two powers' strategic bombers and 
missiles, a major threat before 1990 but not a hot issue today. 
The quad's position is best understood in the context of the 
Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) that took effect in 
EFTA_R1_00516069 
EFTA02013626
--- PAGE 7 ---
1970, which created two groups of nations: those that had 
nuclear weapons and agreed to give them up, and those that did 
not have them and promised not to seek them. Many of the 
nuclear have-not class of countries lived up to their NPT 
obligations and ended their nascent military nuclear programs in 
the years that followed, including South Africa, Argentina, 
Brazil and Egypt. But the members of the "nuclear 
club"—China, Russia, the UK, France and the United 
States—failed to honor their commitments. These failures are 
often cited by nations such as Iran when they vent their outrage 
at being pressured by the United States and other nuclear 
"haves" to not acquire nuclear weapons. 
During his first major speech about nuclear arms, in Prague in 
2009, President Obama promised to make amends by moving 
toward the promised land of zero nukes. In the following 
months, his administration invested much energy in fashioning a 
treaty with Russia that did reduce the nuclear weapons of the old 
Cold War adversaries. But the treaty had no effect on the main 
sources of current threats: terrorists acquiring nukes in Pakistan 
or North Korea and mounting them on long-range missiles, or 
Iran employing them to threaten Saudi Arabia and Israel. 
Moreover, zero is a dangerous notion. If either Russia or the 
U.S. concealed ten weapons more than the levels currently 
permitted by the treaty, it would matter little, since both 
countries have hundreds of them. However, if one of the 
superpowers indeed gave up its entire nuclear arsenal and the 
other then pulled ten out of a hiding place, it would pose a major 
threat. Moreover, even if both Russia and the United States 
move to a true and verified zero, any other nation that did not 
could blackmail one or both superpowers and the rest of the 
EFTA_R1_00516070 
EFTA02013627
--- PAGE 8 ---
world merely by threatening to use its nuclear weapons. 
A world of zero nukes may be merely a vision President Obama 
projected to inspire other nations to give up their nuclear 
ambitions, but he has failed to inspire any nation to give up its 
bombs or to stop making more. 
Consider the reasons nations develop a nuclear arsenal. 
Whatever Russia and the United States do will not stop them. 
For example, Pakistan is retaining its weapons stockpile because 
India has a much bigger population and can sustain a much 
larger conventional army than Pakistan. A nuclear capability 
thus serves, from the viewpoint of Islamabad, as the main 
deterrent against being overrun—Pakistan would maintain its 
arsenal even if the US. and Russia dismantled their last nukes. 
Iran seeks a nuclear weapon to deter attacks by the United States 
and its allies, as a source of prestige and possibly as the means 
needed to wipe out Israel. North Korea claims to need nuclear 
weapons to deter the United States, Japan and South Korea from 
what it sees as their aggressive tendencies—and views them as a 
major source of prestige as well. None of these reasons are much 
affected by whatever deals Moscow and Washington are 
making. 
Chasing the mirage of a world without nukes distracts attention 
and uses up political capital badly needed for addressing urgent 
problems concerning these arms. Top among these-if one is to 
focus on Russia—are not strategic arms but the tactical nuclear 
bombs and fissile materials terrorists seek. Russia has an 
estimated arsenal of tactical nukes between five thousand and 
fourteen thousand, while the United States has about one 
EFTA_R1_00516071 
EFTA02013628
--- PAGE 9 ---
thousand. However, New START does not cover tactical 
weapons. It deals exclusively with strategic weapons, which 
terrorists are extremely unlikely to be able to handle. 
The nuclear arsenals of rogue states and failing states are not 
being ignored by the Obama administration. It is trying 
diplomacy, engagement and even some sanctions in dealing with 
Iran, and it is desperately seeking ways to deal with Pakistan and 
North Korea. But these discussions are on a different track, 
where zero is not so much as mentioned. 
Thus, we see another example in which Obama's 
speeches—which presumably set the direction of US. foreign 
policy and are intended to inspire other nations—are out of sync 
with the small efforts his administration is making in handling 
the nuclear hot spots. Anyway you look at it, the rhetoric about 
zero nukes is completely disconnected from the international 
reality. 
Amitai Etzioni's book The Hot Spots will be published by 
Transaction in 2012. 
Article 3. 
The Weekly Standard 
Negotiations That Matter 
Reucl Marc Gerecht 
April 30, 2012 -- Since we don't know what Saeed Jalili, Iran's 
chief nuclear negotiator, said at the recent confab in Istanbul, we 
EFTA_R1_00516072 
EFTA02013629
--- PAGE 10 ---
can't be sure that Israeli prime minister Bibi Netanyahu was 
right to dismiss the powwow as a "freebie" for Tehran. Also, the 
Islamic Republic is a theocracy: The most senior officials need 
to report face-to-face to their master. Jalili, an ill-tempered, 
narrow-minded, one-legged veteran of the Iran-Iraq war, lost 
face after a disastrous meeting in Geneva in October 2009, when 
he tentatively agreed to a nuclear-fuel swap, only to see the 
supreme leader, Ali Khamenei, bat the deal down from Tehran. 
So no matter how well rehearsed, Jalili would need time for his 
boss to digest what was demanded and offered. In any case, as 
long as the Iranians were polite, we were going to have two 
meetings. And so there is another get-together scheduled for 
May 23 in Baghdad. 
The odds are high, however, that the next session will lead to no 
diplomatic yellow-brick road. Round two could be a success, 
and lead to a round three, if Khamenei agreed to do five things: 
(1) Stop all uranium enrichment to 20 percent purity, which is 
near bomb-grade; (2) ship abroad the entire stockpile of 20 
percent enriched uranium; (3) close the Fordow enrichment 
facility, which is buried under a mountain near the clerical city 
of Qom; (4) allow inspectors from the International Atomic 
Energy Agency immediate and unfettered access to any 
suspected nuclear site; and (5) permit the IAEA to install 
devices on centrifuges for monitoring uranium-enrichment 
levels. Khamenei is, to say the least, unlikely to agree to this. 
It's worth stressing that it is a serious mistake to allow 
Khamenei and his Revolutionary Guards, who oversee terrorist 
operations and the nuclear program, any domestic enrichment 
capacity. This was the position of the Obama administration and 
our Western European allies. Now that consensus has apparently 
EFTA_R1_0051 6073 
EFTA02013630
--- PAGE 11 ---
collapsed because Iranian agreement seems impossible. 
Khamenei's determination to keep advancing uranium 
enrichment despite increasingly severe sanctions has paid off. 
Tehran has enough low-grade, 3.5 percent enriched uranium 
stockpiled to produce at least one, soon two, nuclear weapons. It 
also has a 163-pound stockpile of 20 percent enriched uranium. 
As Oli Heinonen, the former deputy director general of the 
IAEA, has pointed out, mastering 3.5 percent enrichment is 70 
percent of the way to mastering the fuel cycle for an atomic 
weapon. Twenty percent enrichment is 90 percent of the process. 
As of February, Iranian centrifuges were producing 256 pounds 
per month of 3.5 percent enriched uranium and 15 pounds per 
month of 20 percent enriched uranium (the Fordow facility 
accounted for 9.5 pounds of this total). The Iranian regime had 
8,800 centrifuges spinning at Natanz and 696 at Fordow. Once 
the Islamic Republic can produce 44 pounds of highly enriched 
uranium per month, which is not that far off given the increasing 
rate of production, the supreme leader and his guards can have a 
nuclear weapon in their hands in as little as 43 days, provided 
Iran's nuclear scientists have mastered the manufacture of a 
nuclear trigger (technically much less difficult than enrichment). 
Per the IAEA's most recent report, "information indicates that 
Iran has carried out activities relevant to the development of a 
nuclear explosive device." In other words, Khamenei will win 
his race for a nuclear weapon unless something dramatic 
intervenes to stop him. 
The best that can be hoped from another round of negotiations 
with Tehran is that Khamenei is hooked into a process that 
enfeebles him. The cleric has consistently avoided any 
meaningful embrace of the negotiating process because he sees 
EFTA_R1_00516074 
EFTA02013631
--- PAGE 12 ---
it as dangerous, a slippery slope where the Americans and 
Europeans dictate limitations on his nuclear program. Many 
American critics of negotiations have seen this process as the 
reverse, a slippery slope that has Western diplomacy enabling 
the Islamic Republic's nuclear ambitions. Khamenei may have 
the stronger argument. But he shows no sign of yielding to 
pressure. 
There is certainly a risk that continuing these negotiations puts 
Israeli prime minister Bibi Netanyahu and defense minister 
Ehud Barak into a real pickle, since it's more difficult for the 
Israelis to make the case for bombing Iran's nuclear sites while 
the negotiations are going on. Nonetheless, the Israelis need to 
decide whether a preventive attack on the Islamic Republic can 
work. Their internal deliberations should not be constrained by a 
false promise of a diplomatic solution. Moving forward with 
negotiations now is actually more likely to free the Israelis to act 
in the summer, if they choose to, than to entrap them. 
Americans, too, need to have an honest debate about whether 
they are willing to permit Khamenei and the Revolutionary 
Guards—the principal state sponsors of terrorism in the Middle 
East, whom the Obama administration has increasingly nailed 
for their operational relationship with al Qaeda—to develop 
atomic weapons. It would be healthy for Democrats and 
Republicans to debate the Iranian conundrum, which is not 
going to happen as long as sanctions-backed diplomacy seems 
viable. We are fortunate that the nuclear timeline overlaps well 
with the 2012 presidential campaign: It's the ideal moment for a 
ripping discussion about probably the most momentous foreign-
policy question before us. 
EFTA_R1_00516075 
EFTA02013632
--- PAGE 13 ---
The above five requirements—nearly identical to the reported 
minimum requirements of the White House—ought to clarify 
where we are on May 23. These conditions will be extremely 
difficult for Khamenei to accept because they are so humbling. 
Shuttering the Fordow facility, which Iran's state-controlled 
press has reported on with pride, would be gut-wrenching for 
the supreme leader. It's likely that Khamenei wants to build 
more Fordow-like facilities—bomb-resistant sites that signal 
spiritual resistance to the West. President Mahmoud 
Ahmadinejad's boast that Iran intends to open 10 more 
enrichment facilities no doubt was hyperbolic, but the 
sentiments clearly reflect Khamenei's disposition. Closing 
Fordow would offend the supreme leader's identity as the anti-
American Islamic paladin. 
Even more galling and dangerous, U.N. inspectors under this 
agreement would have the right to fan out across the country 
hunting for suspicious nuclear activity. The IAEA's Additional 
Protocols, to which Khamenei would have to assent, are 
intrusive and would allow inspectors access to Iranian military 
and Revolutionary Guard bases. No doubt, the supreme leader 
and his guards could still cheat (they have lied about the nuclear 
program from the beginning). Iran is a big country. Satellites 
and other technical means of observation can only do so much. 
The regime is surely working clandestinely to perfect more 
advanced centrifuges that could be hidden in smaller buildings 
and underground facilities. 
Nevertheless, the odds are decent that these inspectors would 
catch the regime in its big lie about the "peaceful" intent of the 
program. Nuclear experts have some idea where the Iranians 
have been militarizing their nuclear "research." Even so, an 
EFTA_R1_00516076 
EFTA02013633
--- PAGE 14 ---
astonishing number of intelligent people in America and Europe 
appear to believe that Khamenei's fatwa about the "sinfulness" 
of nuclear weapons is significant, that it isn't just ketman, 
deception deployed against a stronger enemy. Exposing 
Khamenei's flagrant mendacity, for both Iranians and foreigners, 
is not without value and would again refocus the discussion on 
the real question: Is it acceptable for Khamenei and the 
Revolutionary Guards to have nuclear weapons? 
But what if the Iranians accept all of the demands? Could we 
still be staring at an Iranian nuke, just delivered at a slower 
pace? It's possible. If Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, the former 
major-domo of Iranian clerical politics and the true father of the 
Islamic Republic's nuclear-weapons program, were still in 
charge, we'd likely be enmeshed in the rope-a-dope tactics that 
he successfully used against the trade-happy Europeans in the 
1990s. Rafsanjani has always advocated the go-slow nuclear 
approach. He has even broached the idea of direct talks with 
Washington. But we're not confronting Rafsanjani, who was 
purged after the crackdown on the Green Movement in 2009. 
Moving forward with one more round of negotiations now is 
much more likely to expose the supreme leader's intransigence 
than entangle America (and Israel) in a pointless, lengthy 
diplomatic dance. 
Senior officials in the Obama administration probably have few 
illusions about Iranian mendacity. The last three years have been 
an education: Candidate Obama and lots of Democrats believed 
that President Obama could transform American-Iranian 
relations. But Ali Khamenei has tried hard to show that George 
W. Bush was not the problem. Although it's dangerous to 
suggest that diplomacy with the Islamic Republic has just about 
EFTA_R1_00516077 
EFTA02013634
--- PAGE 15 ---
run its course (for die-hard diplomats, the process never ends), 
it's going to be challenging for the administration to pretend that 
sanctions-backed diplomacy can work given the increasing 
enrichment at Natanz and Fordow. If the Israelis decide to strike, 
the president will be hard pressed not to back them, as he 
promised to do in his speech to the American Israel Public 
Affairs Committee. The collapse of the negotiating process in 
May most likely will not provoke the White House to do 
anything more bellicose, but it will at least get us talking 
seriously, at last, about the nature of the Iranian regime and how 
best to deal with it—and how to help Israel deal with it, if Israel 
feels it must act. That would be an enormous step forward. 
Reuel Marc Gerecht is a senior fellow at the Foundation for 
Defense of Democracies, focusing primarily on the Middle East, 
Islamic militancy, counterterrorism, and intelligence. Mr. 
Gerecht served as a case officer at the CIA, primarily working 
on Middle Eastern targets. 
Ankle 4 
The Washington Post 
Fears of extremism taking hold in 
Syria as violence continues 
Liz Sly 
April 23 -- BEIRUT - As Syria's revolution drags into its 
EFTA_R1_00516078 
EFTA02013635
--- PAGE 16 ---
second year amid few signs that a U.N.-mandated cease-fire plan 
will end the violence, evidence is mounting that Islamist 
extremists are seeking to commandeer what began as a non-
ideological uprising aimed at securing greater political freedom. 
Activists and rebel soldiers based inside Syria say a small but 
growing number of Islamist radicals affiliated with global jihadi 
movements have been arriving in opposition strongholds in 
recent weeks and attempting to rally support among disaffected 
residents. 
Western diplomats say they have tracked a steady trickle of 
jihadists flowing into Syria from Iraq, and Jordan's government 
last week detained at least four alleged Jordanian militants 
accused of trying to sneak into Syria to join the revolutionaries. 
A previously unknown group calling itself the al-Nusra Front 
has asserted responsibility for bombings in the cities of 
Damascus and Aleppo using language and imagery reminiscent 
of the statements and videos put out by al-Qaeda-affiliated 
organizations in Iraq, although no evidence of the group's 
existence has surfaced other than the videos and statements it 
has posted on the Internet. 
Syrian activists and Western officials say the militants appear to 
be making little headway in recruiting supporters within the 
ranks of the still largely secular protest movements whose 
unifying goal is the ouster of the regime led by President Bashar 
al-Assad. 
But if the United Nations' peace plan fails to end the 
government's bloody crackdown  and promises of Western and 
Arab help for the rebel Free Syrian Army do not materialize, 
EFTA_R1_00516079 
EFTA02013636
--- PAGE 17 ---
activists and analysts say, there is a real risk that frustrated 
members of the opposition will be driven toward extremism, 
adding a dangerous dimension to a revolt that is threatening to 
destabilize a wide arc of territory across the Middle East. 
"The world doing nothing opens the door for jihadis," said Lt. 
Abdullah al-Awdi, a Free Syrian Army commander who 
defected from the regular army in the summer and was 
interviewed during a visit he made to Turkey. He says that he 
has rebuffed several offers of help from militant groups in the 
form of arms and money and that he fears the extremists' 
influence will grow. 
"This is not a reason for the international community to be silent 
about Syria. It should be a reason for them to do something," 
Awdi said. 
Flow of jihadis reported 
U.S. officials and Western diplomats in the region, who spoke 
on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the 
subject, say they have seen several indications that al-Qaeda-like 
groups are trying to inject themselves into the Syrian revolution, 
although they stress that the Islamist radicals' impact has been 
limited. Al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri called on 
"mujaheddin" to head to Syria in support of the rebels earlier 
this year, and Western diplomats are convinced that operatives 
affiliated with al-Qaeda carried out a string of bombings in 
Damascus and Aleppo between December and March. 
The diplomats say dozens of jihadis have been detected crossing 
the border from Iraq into Syria, some of them Syrians who had 
previously volunteered to fight in Iraq and others Iraqi. There 
EFTA_R1_00516080 
EFTA02013637
--- PAGE 18 ---
may also be other foreign nationals among them, reversing the 
journey they took into Iraq years ago when jihadis flowed across 
the border to fight the now-departed Americans. 
The Syrian government facilitated the flow of foreign fighters 
into Iraq for many years, and there are widespread suspicions 
that it may be covertly reactivating some of those networks to 
discredit the revolutionaries, deter international support for the 
opposition and create conditions under which the harsh 
crackdown by authorities will appear justified. 
The regime portrayed the uprising as the work of radical 
Islamists in its earliest days, and the reports that extremists are 
surfacing in Syria only play into the official narrative, said 
Salman Shaikh, director of the Brookings Doha Center in Qatar. 
"Ibis drip. drip, drip of extremists across the border ... there are 
signs the regime is aiding and abetting it," Shaikh said. "And it 
will become a self-fulfilling prophecy." 
It is also plausible that these groups, adherents of a radicalized 
form of Sunni Islam, have turned against their former 
benefactors and are making their way back to Syria motivated by 
religious and sectarian zeal. Although many Syrian opposition 
activists insist that their revolution is not sectarian, a majority of 
Syrians are Sunnis, while Assad, along with most leading figures 
in the regime and in the security forces, belongs to the Shiite-
affiliated Alawite minority, lending a sectarian dimension to the 
populist revolt. 
EFTA_R1_00516081 
EFTA02013638
--- PAGE 19 ---
Syrian activists and rebels insist that the extremists are not 
welcome in communities that have long prided themselves on 
their tolerance of the religious minorities in their midst, 
including Christians, Alawites, Druze, Kurds and Ismaili Shiites. 
A rebel leader in northern Syria who asked to be identified by 
his nom de guerre, Abu Mustafa, described how he and his men 
drove out a group of about 15 radicals, all of them Syrian but 
none of them local, who arrived in a northern village in January. 
Led by a commander who identified himself as Abu Sulaiman, 
the group tried to recruit supporters for an assault on the nearby 
town of Jisr al-Shughour. 
Abu Sulaiman "had money, he had weapons, and he sent a guy 
to negotiate with me, but I refused," Abu Mustafa recalled in an 
interview in Turkey. "We asked him to leave, but he didn't, so 
we attacked him. We killed two of them, and one of our men 
was injured. Then he left, but I don't know where he went." 
"The good thing is that Syrians are against giving our country to 
radicals," Abu Mustafa added. "But these groups have 
supporters who are very rich, and if our revolution continues 
like this, without hope and without result, they will gain 
influence on the ground." 
A largely secular revolt 
There is a distinction between the naturally conservative 
religiosity of Syrians who come from traditional communities 
and the radicalism of those associated with the global jihadi 
movement, said Joseph Holliday, who is researching the Free 
Syrian Army at the Institute for the Study of War in Washington 
and believes extremists are a small minority. 
EFTA_R1_00516082 
EFTA02013639
--- PAGE 20 ---
"While there are elements [in the opposition] that are very 
conservative, they are not the driving force," he said. "There is 
definitely an argument to be made that this will increase over 
time, because insurgencies often become more extremist over 
time, but for now the driving force behind this revolution is 
secular." 
Adherents of the strict Salafi school of Islam have emerged in 
many Syrian communities and are playing a role in the 
opposition, but they, too, are to be distinguished from the 
jihadis, said -Yezid Sayigh of the Carnegie Middle East Center 
in Beirut. 
"People who are local and pious and moving in an Islamist 
direction and are taking up guns don't have the same 
organization and are not necessarily the same thing as jihadists, 
who are not necessarily al-Qaeda," he said. "There's a range of 
different directions and trends." 
Many activists fear, however, that the influence of the extremists 
is growing as Syrian rebels who have for months appealed in 
vain for Western military intervention look for help elsewhere. 
"Of course it is growing, because no one is doing anything to 
stop it," said a Syrian activist who spoke on the condition of 
anonymity because he fears retribution from some of the radicals 
he has encountered while attempting to organize the opposition 
in many northern communities. 
"They have rules," he said. "They say: If we give you money, 
you have to obey our orders and accept our leadership. Some of 
my friends drink alcohol, and they aren't like this. But when 
they find no other way to cover their expenses, they join these 
EFTA_R1_00516083 
EFTA02013640
--- PAGE 21 ---
groups and then they follow them." 
Article 5. 
Asharq Al-Awsat 
interview: The PLO's Ahmad Quray 
Kifah Zaboun 
April 2012 -- Ahmad Quray, member of the PLO Executive 
Committee and former chief negotiator, describes the 
Palestinian mentality as experimental, and says that the 
mechanism that the Palestinians have tried for many years at 
the negotiations has failed, and he calls for changing it by 
including Arab and international sides in negotiating the most 
important dossiers, such as Jerusalem, the refugees, and 
security. 
The following is the full text of the interview: 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] I would like to start with the two-state 
solution, which you said this week is dead. Can it be 
resurrected? 
[Quray] I have said that the two-state solution has been exposed 
to lethal blows. I am convinced that Israel talks about the two-
state project, while it is carrying out its assassination. There can 
EFTA_R1_00516084 
EFTA02013641
--- PAGE 22 ---
never be a Palestinian State without Jerusalem. If the state 
project is a living body, then Jerusalem is its head, and if the 
head is severed, the body cannot live. 
Secondly, pay attention to the settlement blocs. Everybody 
ought to know where their borders are. I will start from the 
north, Ariel Settlement (near Nabulus) extends for 24 km from 
west to east into the belly of the West Bank, and they will add to 
it Shilo Settlement, which will expand by some 500 housing 
units; all of it will be transformed into a single bloc that will 
reach the Jordan River Ghawr, and splits the West Bank. In the 
middle there is Givat Zeev, which puts an end to the 
connectivity of Ramallah, and extends to South Jerusalem and to 
the west until Bayt Sira, and then Maale Adumim is added to it 
in the east, and hence it will reach Al-Khan al-Ahmar (on the 
road to Jericho). This is without even mentioning the "E 1 plan," 
which if built would seal Jerusalem from the east, and there 
would be no scope for visiting it except from the west, or by 
permission from the Israeli controller. As for the Jerusalem 
settlements, there is no need to talk about them. 
I do not believe that it is possible to deal with such blocs in the 
project of a solution for a Palestinian State. Israel has built the 
wall, and drawn up the settlement blocs, and I am afraid that it 
might say: This is your state until God changes the situation. 
This will be the end of it, without Jerusalem, without refugees, 
and with the Jordan River Ghawr staying as a security space. 
We want the two-state solution. However, if Israel is not 
committed to the two-state solution on the basis of international 
legitimacy, international law, and the authority related to the 
peace process, the talk about the two-state solution will become 
mere intellectual exercise, and will not lead to any results. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] What do you think is a satisfactory solution? 
EFTA_R1_00516085 
EFTA02013642
--- PAGE 23 ---
[Quray] A two-state solution that is based on a Palestinian State 
on the lines of 4 June 1967 with exchanges in borders equivalent 
in value and similar to each other, but not in the settlements. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Is what the Israelis doing today going to be 
fate? 
[Quray] I do not say that what the occupation plans is going to 
be fate, but what the occupation plans if the situation stays as it 
is, the occupation will have the opportunity to impose on the 
ground. The Palestinian internal state is not healthy, and the 
Arab state is not healthy, as it has become neutral. I do not want 
a statement from the Arab summit, I want real Arab 
participation. This is Palestine, and it is the center of the region 
that separates the octopus from the Arab world. The Palestinian 
cause needs a different Arab stance. What are they offering to 
Jerusalem? What the Arabs offer is nothing worth mentioning. 
[Jerusalem Mayor] Nir Barkat (chairman of the Jerusalem 
Jewish Municipal Council) has a budget bigger than all the Arab 
countries offer. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] But they have allocated large funds to 
Jerusalem, the last of which at the Baghdad summit. Have these 
funds arrived? 
[Quray] No, no they have not. None of the countries has paid, 
except Saudi Arabia. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Then, in the light of this diagnosis, what is 
the necessary next step at the Palestinian level? 
[Quray] In order to be objective, we should know clearly the 
magnitude of our strength, and our stance now. The Palestinian 
stance to some extent is not bad. Second, we need an Arab 
stance. If the Arab stance is not serious about making the 
Palestinian cause one of its priorities, this will be a point of 
weakness. Unfortunately, we no longer are one of the priorities 
EFTA_R1_00516086 
EFTA02013643
--- PAGE 24 ---
of the Arab stance, neither are we one of the priorities of the 
international stance. The United States is turning toward East 
Asia; this is not a secret; Hillary Clinton wrote about that. There 
is a transformation that might create a vacuum. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] You have said that the Palestinian stance 
toward the negotiations is not bad. Are you really satisfied with 
it? 
[Quray] The Palestinian stance still is experimenting, and the 
policy of experimenting sometimes leads to mistakes. I am not 
against the negotiations, but the negotiations with the 
mechanisms to which we are used no longer lead to any results, 
and will not lead to any result. The mechanism of the bilateral 
meetings that are published in the newspapers before they start 
is no longer beneficial; this is first. 
Second, there are issues that the Palestinian side cannot decide 
alone. Let me give you an example; the issue of the refugees, 
you cannot decide this issue without Jordan, Syria, Lebanon, 
and Egypt. These are the rights of citizens, the rights of peoples, 
and the right of the host country. Therefore, you need these 
sides. Also some international sides ought to be informed step 
by step as we proceed. 
This also applies to the issue of Jerusalem in which we need 
indirect participation by the Arab and Muslim countries. 
The same applies to security. Israel talks everyday about 
security, and has transformed it into a condition for negotiations. 
There ought to be an understanding of the issue of security at the 
regional level. 
I do not call for partnership at the negotiations table, but there 
has to be participation and a change of mechanism. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] But you are talking about the most important 
sovereignty issues in the negotiations? 
EFTA_R1_00516087 
EFTA02013644
--- PAGE 25 ---
[Quray] Yes, (the decision) is ours, but we cannot contract it on 
our own. We want Arab, regional, and international sides to be 
present with us. We ought to depart from the logic of bilateral 
negotiations. This is no longer beneficial, and for this reason 
these bilateral negotiations one time are transformed into 
overview negotiations, and another time are exploratory 
negotiations. If there are negotiations, let them be through the 
new mechanisms. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Had you been still the chairman of the 
negotiating team or had you had the power to decide, how 
would you act now? 
[Quray] I am not saying that our stance is correct. The condition 
of halting the settlement activities is right and correct. However, 
it is important to say that I will not under any circumstances 
recognize any settlement bloc that has been built on the 1967 
territories, and I will never accept it. Syria has not said stop the 
settlement activities, but it said no settlements after the 
agreement. Egypt did not say, for instance, stop the building 
activities in Yamit (settlement in Sinai), but when the situation 
was resolved the settlement was demolished. In Gaza, have they 
[the Israelis] not left it? Therefore, our stance ought to be clear, 
but without making it understood that the required amendments 
are in exchange for the settlements. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] But the Israelis say that you have agreed that 
the settlements can stay in exchange for land? 
[Quray] The PA has not agreed to this not even once. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Have they not agreed even that principal 
settlements can stay? 
[Quray] No, no, in Camp David we said there can be 
amendments to the borders. Let me be frank, neither Abu-
Ammar (Yasser Arafat), nor Abu-Mazin (Mahmud Abbas) 
EFTA_R1_00516088 
EFTA02013645
--- PAGE 26 ---
agreed that settlements could stay. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Then, you are in favor of announcing a 
categorical stance toward the settlements and going to the 
negotiations? 
[Quray] Of course, if there are clear mechanisms I am not 
against the negotiations. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] But is this not a new experiment? 
[Quray] No, no, the international community will be present, the 
International Quartet and Arab and regional sides, and also there 
will be a time limit. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] But rather than doing this, the PA has 
addressed a letter to Israeli Prime Minister Binjamin Netanyahu. 
Have you seen it? 
[Quray] Not at all, I heard about it the same as you have. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Are you in favor of sending it? 
[Quray] God willing, it will lead to a result. Our stance is 
known, and Netanyahu's stance has become known. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Netanyahu has said that he will reply with a 
letter. In your opinion, will this lead to negotiations through 
letters? 
[Quray] I do not know how that will be. However, he answered 
in advance saying no to the return of the refugees, no to 
Jerusalem, and that the settlement blocs will stay. Therefore, he 
has answered. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Do you mean that the step is futile? 
[Quray] God willing, it will be useful. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Do you have other options that could have 
been activated rather than, for instance, the letter? 
[Quray] Of course we have options. We have a cause and we do 
not lack options. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] What are the options that you consider that 
EFTA_R1_0051 6089 
EFTA02013646
--- PAGE 27 ---
they have not been used? 
[Quray] Popular resistance, for instance, is an important option. 
Consolidating the Palestinian presence, providing its 
requirements, and strengthening it, is also an important option. 
Also the option of a state for two peoples, a single democratic 
state is also an option. Our options exist as long as our national 
rights are not fulfilled. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] You talk about the one-state solution; do 
you consider it possible to apply? 
[Quray] This has been a Fatah project since 1967, a secular 
democratic state in which the Muslim, the Christian, and the Jew 
coexist. This originally is a Fatah option, but it was amended in 
1974 when it started to talk about the establishment of a state on 
any part from which the occupation withdraws, and hence the 
National Council adopted its resolution in 1988 to establish a 
Palestinian St ate. Later on, the negotiations started on the basis 
of the National Council resolution. However, I say if this vision 
is not achieved, what can we do? We can activate our other 
options, including the one-state option. We - this generation -
might not be able to fulfil the aspirations of the people, but we 
should not squander them. The options ought to remain open to 
the people. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] But these options have been proposed by the 
PA every now and then, which has made them lose their 
seriousness? 
[Quray] They should not be brandished for the sake of 
threatening; these are strategic options of a people and a cause. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Do you agree with those who say that the 
two-state solution is dead, and the option now is the one-state 
solution? 
[Quray] No, I say that Israel is killing the two-state solution, and 
EFTA_R1_00516090 
EFTA02013647
--- PAGE 28 ---
I look up to the international community to tell Israel to stop, 
and also to say that the requirements of the two-state solution 
are the following. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] And then we start waiting again? 
[Quray] Our issue is not a picnic; it is an issue of a people, a 
homeland, and international and regional equations. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Some people consider that there is the option 
of dissolving the PA rather than all this? 
[Quray] No, this is as if we are in the middle of a race an then 
we shoot ourselves in the foot. The PA is an achievement, and 
one of the signposts of the Palestinian national struggle. It was 
not achieved free of charge; it was achieved through long 
struggle and a great uprising. This is a temporary transitional 
authority for a transitional stage during which the Palestinians 
hold the reins of their affairs until the occupation ends. It is 
forbidden that a Palestinian should say that he wants to dissolve 
the PA; this is despite the fact that Israel indeed has taken away 
much of the powers of the PA when it returned to Ramallah and 
put Arafat under siege; nevertheless we ought to preserve the 
PA. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] There are those who call for thinking about 
the job of the PA and its relationship with Israel, and redrafting 
all this? 
[Quray] I do not negotiate over the PA rather than negotiating 
over the permanent solution. For instance, some people say that 
the economic agreement is unfair; this is true, but I do not 
negotiate over the economic agreement. I do not want to 
improve the conditions of the transitional solution; this is not 
what we want. We want an agreement over the permanent 
solution; this is what will give us complete sovereignty. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] The PA has tried to obtain sovereignty 
EFTA_R1_0051 6091 
EFTA02013648
--- PAGE 29 ---
through going to the United Nations. In your opinion, was this 
step correct? 
[Quray] This is a correct, good, and required step. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Does it contradict the negotiations? 
[Quray] No, no, this is our right. I am in favor of any step that 
brings us closer to our right. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Are you also in favor of going back again to 
the United Nations? 
[Quray] I believe that obtaining the status of non-member state 
is an important achievement. This will enable us to participate in 
many organizations and bodies along the way to the UN 
Security Council. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] But it has been raised that a non-member 
state might cancel the legitimate representation of the PLO? 
[Quray] A non-member state means that the PLO exists as a sole 
legitimate representative until the independent state is 
established. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Some people link the failure of the UN 
Security Council step and the divisions. Do you think that there 
is a link? 
[Quray] The divisions are one of the factors of the erosion of the 
Palestinian status. This is a small country, and we have a cause, 
and we are under occupation. This situation should not continue; 
cohesion must be restored to the people. These divisions most 
certainly weaken us in front of Israel, and in front of the world. 
The internal situation cannot continue like this, and I fear that 
the divisions could turn into a fait accompli with which 
everybody deals. The two sides, wittingly or unwittingly, are 
dividing the country; there are many examples on this that 
arouse concern. The divisions are a national issue that ought to 
end. 
EFTA_R1_0051 6092 
EFTA02013649
--- PAGE 30 ---
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Then, what do you think is the way out after 
all the previous agreements have failed? 
[Quray] I do not believe that the Doha agreement has failed. 
There is a possibility. We should not allow the divisions to 
remain. I went to China and Vietnam earlier, and they were 
saying to us: Comrades, make it your priority to consolidate 
your national unity, because it is the guarantee of your victory. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] You are a member of the PLO; are you 
satisfied with the work, role, and status of the PLO? 
[Quray] I wish the work of the PLO to be institutionalized, and 
that the resolutions are adopted through a great deal of serious 
consultations, because this is a difficult stage. The PLO needs 
activation in all its departments, which need care, attention, and 
support. The PLO, with its departments, committee, two 
councils, and embassies ought to enjoy real care and support. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] The PLO sometimes is accused of being 
absent, or of not participating seriously in decision making? 
[Quray] I said that it needs activation (Quray smiles). 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] You were a close friend of Arafat, and he 
always said that he could see a light at the end of the tunnel. Do 
you still see it? 
[Quray] As long as our people are standing fast and firmly on 
their land, we will continue to see light at the end of the tunnel. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] As we are talking about Arafat, do you miss 
him today? 
[Quray] Yes, of course, always. 
[Asharq Al-Awsat] Do you miss him on a personal or a national 
level? 
[Quray] I miss him on both levels. On the national level, he was 
a leader and had special charisma, and he was always present. 
On the personal level he was loyal and committed to the cadres, 
EFTA_R1_00516093 
EFTA02013650
--- PAGE 31 ---
and the people. 
Ankle 6. 
Hiirriyet Daily News 
Turkey blocks Israel from NATO 
summit 
Serkan Demirta§ 
April 23 2012 -- Turkey has blocked the participation of Israel 
in a key NATO summit that will take place in Chicago on May 
and 21, despite calls from influential allies including the 
United States, Western diplomatic have sources told the 
Hiirriyet Daily News. The veto was conveyed to the NATO 
bodies by Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu during 
the Alliance's meeting last week in Brussels. 
"There will be no Israeli presence at the NATO meeting unless 
they issue a formal apology and pay compensation for the 
Turkish citizens their commandos killed in international waters" 
a senior Turkish official told the Daily News. 
"There are demands from us for the removal of our veto, but this 
is out of question." 
"Those countries who wish to see normalization in ties between 
EFTA_R1_00516094 
EFTA02013651
--- PAGE 32 ---
Turkey and Israel should advise Israel to apologize and to 
compensate the killing of Turks in international waters," the 
official said. 
Turkey has vetoed a number of Israeli attempts to deepen its 
partnership with the alliance - such as opening an office at the 
NATO headquarters and participating in the activities of the 
Mediterranean Dialogue group - on the grounds that it should 
first bear the consequences of its unlawful action against 
Turkish citizens. This reflects the two-year old strife between 
Turkey and Israel, which is a result of the Mavi Marmara 
incident that claimed the lives of eight Turkish and one Turkish-
American citizen. The level of diplomatic relations between the 
two has been reduced to the level of "second secretary" since 
then. 
Turkey's blockage against Israel was brought to the table during 
the NATO foreign ministers' meeting in Brussels on April 18, 
the Daily News learnt. Some ministers of the allied countries 
including the United States, France and Secretary-General 
Anders Fogh Rasmussen indirectly criticized Turkey for 
bringing its bilateral problems with Israel to the NATO 
platform. Some ministers went so far as to vow to veto the 
participation of Egypt, Mauritania, Algeria, Morocco and other 
partner countries in the activities of the Mediterranean Dialogue 
if Turkey continues to do so against Israel, something they 
called "a violation of NATO's values." 
Criticism from Davutoglu 
In response to such statements, Davutoglu harshly criticized his 
counterparts sitting around the same large table. "You are 
talking about being partners and partnership values. But 
partners, first of everything, should act like partners, so that 
we'll treat them accordingly," was the main message Davutoglu 
EFTA_R1_00516095 
EFTA02013652
--- PAGE 33 ---
delivered to his NATO colleagues. He elaborated: 
- The army of a country which you call a partner killed our 
citizens upon a political order given by its administration. We 
do not call this kind of country a partner. 
- Turkey evacuated from Israel not only Turks but citizens from 
many countries, after they were detained by Israeli forces due to 
Mavi Marmara incident. It also evacuated citizens of all 
nationalities from Libya and Syria without making distinction. 
Our expectation from all allied countries is to pay the same 
respect to our citizens as we do to yours. 
- I assure you that Turkey will be the first country acting to 
protect the citizens of NATO countries in a similar incident. We 
believe in the notion of solidarity in NATO much more than the 
discrimination some of you have expressed. 
EFTA_R1_00516096 
EFTA02013653

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013654.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013654.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmail.compeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Steve Hanson 
Sent 
Sat 4/7/2012 11:46:59 AM 
Subject Re: Fw: How is francis doing? 
?? Where ? Ill call u 
Sent from Steve Hanson's Blackberry 
Proud to be the first national multi-concept restaurant group to be certified Green by the Green Restaurant 
Association 
Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail transmission and any file or previous e-mail attached to it is intended to be 
viewed only by the party to which it is addressed and may contain valuable business information that is 
confidential and/or otherwise protected from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended 
recipient you are hereby notified that any review, disclosure, dissemination or use of any of the information 
contained in or attached to this transmission is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Thank you for your cooperation. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Steve Hanson 
Sent: Fri Apr 06 22:31:07 2012 
Subject: Re: Fw: How is francis doing? 
middle of room backquct 
On Fri, Apr 6, 2012 at 8:37 PM, Steve Hanso 
ote: 
Fyi below 
When u went to the rest 
Vip 
Where did you sit 
In front area or in back more formal area 
Sent from Steve Hanson's Blackberry 
Proud to be the first national multi-concept restaurant group to be certified Green by the Green 
Restaurant Association 
Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail transmission and any file or previous e-mail attached to it is 
intended to be viewed only by the party to which it is addressed and may contain valuable 
business information that is confidential and/or otherwise protected from disclosure under 
applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any review, 
disclosure, dissemination or use of any of the information contained in or attached to this 
transmission is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Thank you for your cooperation. 
---- Original Message 
EFTA_R1_00516097 
EFTA02013654
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Paul Sale 
To: Steve Hanson 
Sent: Fri Apr 06 20:26:25 2012 
Subject: RE: How is francis doing? 
Most the chefs are off due to Easter weekend. Wednesday may be be better. 
Francis is good, very talented. 
Original Message 
From: Steve Hanson 
Sent: Friday, April 06, 2012 7:33 PM 
To: Paul Sale 
Subject: How is francis doing? 
How arc u doing? 
I think on tues pm 
I would like to take you + 4 chefs to jean george / early 
Eric/ juan Caesar- maybe 3 + we will have alex + who else should come ? 
Sent from Steve Hanson's Blackberry 
Proud to be the first national multi-concept restaurant group to be certified Green by the Green 
Restaurant Association 
Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail transmission and any file or previous e-mail attached to it is 
intended to be viewed only by the party to which it is addressed and may contain valuable 
business information that is confidential and/or otherwise protected from disclosure under 
applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient you arc hereby notified that any review, 
disclosure, dissemination or use of any of the information contained in or attached to this 
transmission is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Thank you for your cooperation. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA_R1_00518098 
EFTA02013655
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516099 
EFTA02013656

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013657.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
< 
vacation@gmail.com > Date: Wed, 22 Sep 2010 07:44:35 -0400 To: 
Subject: Re: your photos thanks... sor , as ou have now seen for 
yourself. I am not me On Tue, Sep 21, 2010 at 10:35 PM 
rote: 
EFTA_R1_00516100 
EFTA02013657

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013658.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
is here! 
Sent: 
Thursday, September 5, 2013 4:24:06 PM 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516101 
EFTA02013658

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013659.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey 
Sent: 
Sun 4/15/2012 11:24:24 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Thr.ks 
EFTA_R1_00516102 
EFTA02013659

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013660.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013660.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Sun 1/29/2012 5:19:27 PM 
Subject: Re: 
8? or this afternoon 
EFTA_R1_00516103 
EFTA02013660

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013661.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 4/12/2012 7:53:30 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Time to talk on skype this weekend? 
Von: JeffreEpstein < 
v 
ti n 
mil. m> 
An: 
Gesendet: 14:47 Dienstag. 10.April 2012 
Betreff: Re: 
come „ i will be there 
On Tuc, Apr 10, 2012 at 8:25 AM, 
I will try to get some via facebook. 
wrote: 
Too bad the girls from the restaurant weren't clever enough to give me their numbers. But the guy I 
was with invited me to NY for this week-end. He must have liked that a lot. This is fun. Thank you. 
Now, everytime I am out with some guy I will talk to girls. 
Von: Jeffre E stein < eevacation 
mail.com> 
An: 
Gesendet: 22:01 Freitag, 6.April 2012 
Betreff: Re: 
photos that accompany phone numbers? 
On Fri, Apr 6, 2012 at 9:50 AM, 
wrote: 
Anything else can I do for you? 
Von: Jeffre E stein <eevacation ca qmail.com>
An: 
< 
ahoo.de> 
Gesendet: 0:33 Donnerstag, 5.April 2012 
Betreff: 
I will be back in one month from today 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_00516104 
EFTA02013661
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jec\ acationOgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516105 
EFTA02013662

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013663.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@fgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffres[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Yfke 
Sent: 
Thur 5/3/2012 9:57:13 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Everything good? 
EFTA_R1_00516107 
EFTA02013663

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013664.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
• 
ail.com[jeevacation@gmail.con]: Je vacation[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
6:40:58 PM 
Subject: Re: Charlotte Amalie Census Subdistrict-20120426-00444.jpg 
Ok, I understand, just doors and front,. Thx 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.cotn> 
Date: Thu, 26 Apr 2012 14:40:23 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: Charlotte Amalie Census Subdistrict-20120426-00444.jpg 
no 
On Thu, Apr 26, 2012 at 2:38 PM, 
wrote: 
Confinning the white front to include ABOVE the sliding doors also? Roof pitch,. 
Thx 
Larry 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ksimeation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516108 
EFTA02013664

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013665.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacatio 
" 
vacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 3/1/2011 3:07:32 PM 
Subject: Re: (no subject) 
You do so much good ,noble prize confemces ,donations to health etc.Just one grant like the JE NY HIGH 
SCHOOL Science Scholarship and one for Literature to send a ny High School Kid to college.This is what you 
need to do .Parties unles for a worthy cause African Poverty etc out.Publicly no women under 35,Do this for 2 
years and you will be fine because while you are doing good some major clown is screwing up a la Charts 
Sheen.You deserve a great reputation and you will get it back.best your friend Jonathan 
EFTA_R1_00516108 
EFTA02013665

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013666.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
"Francisco D'Agostino" 
Received: 
Wed, 3 Oct 2012 01:54:46 
To: 
jeffrey epstein< .eevacation 
maitcom > 
Cc: 
Meister, Todd< 
> 
Subject: 
Re: LSJ 
EFTA_R1_00516110 
EFTA02013666

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013667.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcompeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
a 
11:24:22 PM 
Subject: Re: 
yes.. 
On Jun 30, 2012, at 7:23 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
did you email... the message with shamirs passing are your plans for new 
york still the same 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510112 
EFTA02013667

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013668.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
m•il.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
Cc: 
Fran: 
Sent 
Wed 11/28/2012 12:19:12 AM 
Subject Re: 
do you know what color you would like? 
On Nov 27, 2012, at 7:16 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationegmail.com> wrote: 
please recover all gym equipment in beautiful leather 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516113 
EFTA02013668

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013669.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: 
o , you are more valubale 
without On Sun, Oct 14, 2012 at 4:48 AM, Lola M 
wrote: 
Yes I am. She left. I told you I have no girls so I am probably useless to you 
right? Date: Sun, 14 Oct 2012 01:47:03 +0200 Subject: Re: From: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
EFTA_R1_00516115 
EFTA02013669

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013670.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013670.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
' 
• 
• 
mueevacation©gmail.comi: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail corn] 
Sent 
Mon 8/15/2011 6:44:01 PM 
Subject: Re[6]: your mail 
hi,Jeffrey! thank you very much for a giftelve 
me , it's looks so cutc ;)) 
is back 
EFTA_R1_00516116 
EFTA02013670

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013671.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013671.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Cram, Angela L 
To: 
David Stern 
Subject: 
Meeting with Gaby Abdelnour in HK ( Head of IB Asia) 
Sent: 
Mar 2011 12:45 
EFTA_R1_00516117 
EFTA02013671

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013672.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmail.comfjeevacation©gmail.cont 
jeevacationiagmail.comUeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Lola M 
Sent 
Fri 11/9/2012 3:19:33 PM 
Subject: RE: 
Ok, can I talk to you at any time, please? I'm not sure what's wrong with me. 
Date: Fri, 9 Nov 2012 10:58:03 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
Fr 
To
these questions are stupid in and of themselves and a waste of both our time, sorry, when you 
come back to your senses contact me, otherwise, don't 
On Fri, Nov 9, 2012 at 10:54 AM, Lola M 
wrote: 
Have you found any and not stupid? 
Date: Fri, 9 Nov 2012 06:31:02 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
Fro • • v 
' 
To: 
no, bed different„ have you found any girls yet? 
On Fri, Nov 9, 2012 at 4:48 AM, Lola M 
wrote: 
I will try that. Thank you. The problem is, they want it publicly. Is that 
really necessary? Being crazy about them counts as good in bed, that's 
crazy. So I have to act that way as well? 
Date: Thu, 8 Nov 2012 22:50:39 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jecvacationAgmail.com 
To 
caring 
On Thu, Nov 8, 2012 at 10:28 PM, Lola M 
wrote:
EFTA_R1_00516118 
EFTA02013672
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey, I have a problem, I am not as good because I 
don't show emotions. I don't have time for this bla bla, I 
just want to fuck. Seriously, what would you do? What 
kind of emotions shall I fake? 
Date: Mon, 5 Nov 2012 20:46:37 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation gmail.com 
To 
yes 
On Mon, Nov 5, 2012 at 8:35 PM, Lola M 
wrote: 
Will you talk to me again, please? I would be 
really sad if you were not. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jes% acation;(sgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
*********
EFTA_R1_00516119 
EFTA02013673
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516120 
EFTA02013674

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013675.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013675.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
To: 
Felicia Taylor 
Sent: 
Sep 13, 2010 7:52 AM 
EFTA_R1_00516121 
EFTA02013675

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013676.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013676.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Re: Re: 
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Wednesday, January 11, 2012 9:30:21 AM 
EFTA_R1_00516122 
EFTA02013676

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013677.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
pstein
Sent: 
Thur 6/2/2011 2:34:57 AM 
do you know your weekend schedule ? 
EFTA_R1_00516123 
EFTA02013677

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013678.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 10/25/2012 9:38:43 AM 
Running around London looking for 4 bed or 3 bed + study apartment to rent. 
Prepared to spend 
2000/ per week, and all I see is disgusting shit !? 
EFTA_R1_00516124 
EFTA02013678

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013679.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject 
jeevacationftmaitcompeevacation©gmail.comb Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
bellaklein 
Tue 8/21/2012 6:36:57 PM 
Re: BNP Paribas bank statement 
I am concern about AUTOLIB - bike or car rental while you were at the Ranch. 
On Aug 21, 2012, at 2:28 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
these seem ok, as recurrent charges on the card for tv ok 
On Tue, Aug 21, 2012 at 2:02 PM, bellaklein <
IIIMMI> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Enclosed please find
tions on Paris bank statement from your French debit 
card on August 1st. 
confirmed that on August 1st you were on the 
Ranch. Please confirm the charges are authorized or it is fraud and somebody is 
using your debit card. 
Thank you, 
Bela 
Begin forwarded message: 
From 
Date: Au ust 21 
To: 
Subject:  
Reply-To: 
2012 1:21:41 PM EDT 
NIessa a from KMBT C253 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_00516125 
EFTA02013679
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to ice\ acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516126 
EFTA02013680

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013681.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
• 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.corn]; Jefffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Wed 4/13/2011 8:11:26 PM 
Subject: Paul Barrett 
Please call Paul Barrett when you have a moment. 
EFTA_R1_00516127 
EFTA02013681

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013682.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
Wednesday, April 20, 2011 3:53 PM 
To: 
Stephanie 
Subject: Re: passes/Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_00515128 
EFTA02013682

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013683.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Wed 9/19/2012 7:04:13 PM 
Subject: We are leaving 
At 730pm from LAX 
So at lunch we are gonna head out right around lunch. 
Steve ready. 
I know these things are busy for you so lets talk later this week. 
I will FedEx you papers (I left at hotel). I have a bag of glasses here in car though. 
EFTA_R1_00516129 
EFTA02013683

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013684.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' y 
in 
mail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Wed 6/8/2011 6:17:03 PM 
now , from spectacle ;)) 
EFTA_R1_00516130 
EFTA02013684

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013685.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
David Mitchell 
Sent: 
Fri 9/21/2012 1:52:16 PM 
Subject: Re: Deli is ready to go ! 
Will do 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, September 21, 2012 06:47 AM 
To: David Mitchell 
Subject: Re: Deli is ready to go ! 
call at 12 
On Fri, Sep 2I, 2012 at 9:44 AM, David Mitchell 
wrote: 
Is there anytime this afternoon after 2 that works for 20 minutes ? 
My partner,the operator, is out of town this weekend at a family thing and I would like 
him to be there as well 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
615 FIFTH AVENUE 
New York NY 10065 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationaamaitcoml 
Sent: Friday, September 21, 2012 9:41 AM 
To: David Mitchell 
Subject: Re: Deli is ready to go ! 
tomoorw better 
On Fri, Sep 2I, 2012 at 9:39 AM, David Mitchell 
Can 1 come at the end of the day today, 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00516131 
EFTA02013685
--- PAGE 2 ---
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
815 FIFTH AVENUE 
New York NY 10065 
USA 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:ieevacationeomail.com]
Sent: Friday, September 21, 2012 9:39 AM 
To: David Mitchell 
Subject: Re: Deli is ready to go ! 
of course 
On Fri, Sep 2I, 2012 at 9:19 AM, David Mitchell <djmamitchellholdings.com> wrote: 
Can I come with my partner in this and talk to you next week 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
815 FIFTH AVENUE 
New York NY 10065 
USA 
EFTA_R1_00516132 
EFTA02013686
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
************************************ 
*********************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518133 
EFTA02013687

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013688.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
ail.conteevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
6:00:39 PM 
Subject: 
e: 
Thanks for remembering :) 
Ps I'm in town and free monday, in case you would like to meet up 
www.yfke.tv 
www.facebook.com/yflcesturm 
www.twitter.com/yfIcestunn 
www.youtubc.com/yficesturmTV 
From. 
<'eevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: 
10:26:21 -0500 
To: 
Subject: 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516134 
EFTA02013688

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013689.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationiagmaitcom[jeevacation©gmaiLcom]; 
jeevacationegmaiLcom[jeevacation@gmaiLcorn] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Mon 12/12/2011 1:01:39 PM 
Subject Re: Life 
Title: Re: Life 
In NYC apt. Will call now. 
#1. Want to I ask for a year end report on billings. etc. 
#2. Do I just email my brother and ask for a report on all checks written on estate for last year. I asked lawyer about this a 
number of times and he does not respond 
#3. Spoke to Dr. Harold Klopowitz, famous child shrink. 
that I met by accident at hair dresser 
getting a hair cut Sat. Ile talked to me for half a hour. Will tell later. 
#4. Brother going to Palm Beach and using mother's apt for two weeks. Lawyer said to leave it alone. 
#5. Alpine house not selling as is. Only at 2 mil cash. Worth more. Lawyer says take it. Can close in two weeks. 
and real estate agent said put in 400,000 to clean up interior. New kitchen and baths and sell for 3 mil. People want 
instant gratification to buy a house. There are starving painters/contractors who do this for 15% of expenses and put a cap 
on spending. Do it now and be ready in April to sell. Nothing sells in dec-feb...even just painting the inside will help. 
#6. Nip/tuck on Dec. 22 
Staying in NYC for a week. Jean Pigozzi having a 60th on Jan 2 in Panama estate. Want to go for 4 days. Have not been 
invited and he is a friend. Asked Tamara Mellon to ask him to invite me. She is. Will be beyond cool. 
People will come from St Barths. I can get Tamara to take me in her plane from St Barth on Jan 2...or meet her there Jan 2 
and fly home with her. Have job for Ed Schlossberg/gallery art opening Sat. Jan 7.. Also can go to David Koch's for New 
Yeats in Palm Beach..come home Jan 2 with him or go to Panama from Miami. 
#7. Bryan going away for 3 weeks on Friday. Office closed for 2. 
#8. If you are here Tues, Dee. 13th we have Meryl Streep's The Iron Lady premiere. She is amazing at maggie thatcher. 
#9. Went to funeral last week of Yassi Aga Kahn's 25 year old son...so so sad. 
#10. Looks like "The Artist" might win Oscars...11W wants me to work on campaign but go find sponsors to underwrite 
events and pay me...nothing new. Head of production told me 11W has money problems again. Has no hits. 
Stephen Daldry's "Extremely Loud Incrediby Close" is possible upset winner, which is Scott Rudin's. Think film was 
finished too late to have impact on academy...do not think Warner's and Scott can beat Harvey...because everyone just 
loves 'The Artist" and LIW has been working this film since Cannes. 
When can we speak? 
xoxo Peg 
— Original Message — 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Mon Dec 12 06:31:58 2011 
Subject: 
where are you? 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA_R1_00516135 
EFTA02013689
--- PAGE 2 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516136 
EFTA02013690

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013691.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationtisgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Groovy Gary 
Sent: 
Tue 3/8/2011 4:30:59 PM 
Subject: "Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people". 
The Very Best Revenge in Life is to Live Well! 
EFTA_R1_00516137 
EFTA02013691

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013692.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
aitcomfjeevacationdpgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
04:02 PM 
Subject Re: Dinner tonight w/Reid 
ok, I will tell 
to prepare the chicken she made you and Reid last time (using the 'diet plan' 
from Shimony 
On Jul 22, 2011, at 1:58 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
chicken 
On Fri, Jul 22, 2011 at 1:54 PM, a 
wrote: 
What would you like for dinner tonight with Reid at 7:30? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmaiI.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516138 
EFTA02013692

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013693.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: justin nelson is here! 
Sent: 
Thursday. January 9, 2014 7:44:38 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516139 
EFTA02013693

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013694.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Martin Nowak [mailto: 
Sent: 
ch 03, 2011 10:22 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
EFTA_R1_00516140 
EFTA02013694

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013695.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmaitcom[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmail.comueevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Staley, Jes 
Sent 
Fri 1/21/2011 11:59:51 PM 
Anchored in Christmas Cove. Heaven is being on Bequia. Safe travels to Paris. 
And, as always, thanks for the friendship. 
Jes 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions 
including on offers for the purchase or sale of 
securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, 
legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available at 
http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA_R1_00516142 
EFTA02013695

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013696.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacation[aamail. m'eevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 12/15/2011 2:24:27 PM 
Hcy Jeffrey! Thinking of you and miss u 
EFTA_R1_00516143 
EFTA02013696

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013697.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationttigmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Thur 1/12/2012 4:33:23 PM 
Subject 
RE: 
I will most see her before TED as I am start traveling. 
In Next three weeks - Miami, Davos, Zurich, London, Bruxelles. 
Early - mid Feb - Seattle, LA, San Diego, San Francisco. 
Mid-end Feb - Madrid, NYC, Boston and from there to Long Beach - so no time for 
DC. 
You and me will spend time with her at TED. 
There is few big things happening with her but let's discuss over the phone. 
How is Paris""' 
Is a good fun line up continuing? 
You are missed! 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com) 
Sent: Thursday, January 12, 2012 5:58 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
are you seeing regina dugan?, I know that Tom pritsker saw her this week 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516144 
EFTA02013697

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013698.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject 
Re: 
itcom[jeevacation©gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Sat 2/5/2011 7:08:43 PM 
What time? 
Fro • 
' 
> 
To 
Sen : a , 
e ruary,
Subject: 
I leave tomorrow morning„ if you want to see me , i am available today 
************* 
***************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516146 
EFTA02013698

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013699.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Also! Westin is Under Renovations! 
Sent: 
Tuesday, November 26, 2013 5:19:23 PM 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516147 
EFTA02013699

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013700.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 10/10/2011 1:01:47 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Hi! Just wanted to say I am not very sure if the 2pm is really great.. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 8 Oct 2011 20:33:25 -0400 
To: 
Subject: 
at 12? ., or of course new 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516148 
EFTA02013700

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013701.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevecationagmaitcom[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.corn] 
Fran: 
Al seckel 
Sent 
Tue 2/15/2011 6:41:21 PM 
Subject Re: 
I gave my own ticket to Ghislaine, as I have been helping Chris. I will see what I can 
do without any promises. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacationCo grnail.com> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Tue, February 15, 2011 10:35 09 AM 
Subject: 
I am now thinking of going to ted.. ghisline said that you guys might have an extra ticket. true? 
******************* 
****** 
* *************** 
****************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Food fight? Enjoy some healthy debate 
in the Yahoo! Answers Food & Drink O&A. 
EFTA_R1_00516149 
EFTA02013701

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013702.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeggmail.comfjeevacation©gmail.cont J E[jeevacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Cecile de Jongh 
Sent 
Fri 12/9/2011 8:47:41 AM 
Subject: Fwd: return trip 
I did attach the wrong email, sorry. However, Marvin and Gloria do want to know if you are 
flying to Boston or New York. 
Yes, we should talk about DPNR. 
With wann regards, 
Cecile 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Gloria Rudisch" 
Date: December 8, 2011 12:27:17 PM GMT-04:00 
To: 
Subject: return trip 
Hi Cecile - 
Of course we'd very much like to return with Jeffrey. Am not sure if 
Marvin has any "obligation " to stay the few more hours. One other 
queston - will Jeffrey be flying to NY area or to Boston? 
Please e-mail reply to Marvin, cc me. 
Thanks for all your help, and best regards, 
Gloria 
Gloria Rudisch MD, MPH Director, Child Health 
Tel 
e-mail 
EFTA_R1_00518150 
EFTA02013702

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013703.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey epstein 
Sent 
Sat 6/9/2012 3:01:07 AM 
Trip? 
EFTA_R1_00516152 
EFTA02013703

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013704.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013704.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
e rey 
Sent: 
Fri 5/18/2012 9:48:28 AM 
Subject: Re: 
4079 
EFTA_R1_00516153 
EFTA02013704

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013705.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacat. 
"eevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 7/26/2011 5:04:18 PM 
Subject: (no subject) 
Dear Jeffrey thank you for helping Somers you knew even if you couldn't you had a friend for life Will save two 
seats for you at our table sort of like Elijah jf 
EFTA_R1_00516154 
EFTA02013705

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013706.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013706.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Tom Pritzker is here! 
Sent: 
Friday, March 14, 2014 5:44:30 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516155 
EFTA02013706

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013707.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' y 
in 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jefffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Sat 11/19/2011 3:05:06 AM 
Jean luc says he is sorry he couldn't delay his flight and see you before he left 
but he has 3 meetings in brazil tomorrow 
EFTA_R1_00516157 
EFTA02013707

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013708.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein 
CCUeeyacation 
mail. corn 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Wed 4/11/2012 4:31:00 PM 
Subject: Ted Kaptchu 
Just thought I should forward to you so you arc aware of Ted's mom's passing...I had sent an 
email to reconfirm his appointment with you on Sunday and this was the automated response...I 
will follow up with Ted Friday... 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: < 
Date: April 11 2012 12:28:32 PM EDT 
To: < 
Subject: Out of Office: Jeffrey Epstein-Confirmation 
Tel Kaptchuk is attending to the details concerning his mother's death until Thursday April 12. 
Burial will be Friday, April 6. The normal rules of shiva (mourning) are suspended during Pesach but there will 
be prayer services at 7pm on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday at his home. 
For urgent matters contact: Katherine Majzoub 
Thank you for your patience. 
EFTA_R1_00516158 
EFTA02013708

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013709.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[eevacation@gmail.com]; 
c: 
is ar 
ahn 
From: 
George Reenstra
Sent: 
Thur 6/9/2011 9:26:24 PM 
Subject: RE: 
Yes on the numbers and yes we split the profit on 472 however I do get my 100k for the 
sale of 750 above the 472 profit split at the closing of 750 
George Reenstra 
Aircraft Services Group Inc 
212 Route 94, Ste 2E 
Vernon, NJ 07462 
Tel 
Fax 
Website: www.younet.com 
Email: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, June 09, 2011 2:49 PM 
To: lvjet; George Reenstra 
Cc: Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
the deal george and i agreed, he now needs to go to aetvna. 11 .9 for 750 1.5 for 472.. profit 
after all costs will be split 50/50 on the sale .. with georgc. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA_R1_00516159 
EFTA02013709
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516160 
EFTA02013710

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013711.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > 
Received: 
Sat, 21 Jan 2012 12:40:22 
To: 
EFTA_R1_00516161 
EFTA02013711

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013712.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation©gmaitcomijeeyacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacation©gmail.conljeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent 
Tue 5/15/2012 2:18:47 PM 
Subject• Re: 
In montreal 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, May 15, 2012 08:40 AM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
are you in curopc.? will you come to paris? when do you return to ny? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518182 
EFTA02013712

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013713.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comlleevacationepgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Ian Osborne 
Sent 
Sun 7/22/2012 12:19:42 AM 
Subject Re: Scheduling 
Great. I will plan on being with you at 7. Lots to cover. 
On Jul 21, 2012 8:04 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacationlagmail.com> wrote: 
I have an 830„ and you are welcome as early as 7 
On Sat, Jul 21, 2012 at 8:01 PM, Ian Osborne O> 
wrote: 
Great. Let's go for 730am. See you then. 
On 22 July 2012 00:23, Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
730 or I 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 21, 2012, at 4:27 PM, Ian Osborne 
wrote: 
Ok. Let's discuss. Sorry to keep changing but I don't have to be in the Valley 
until tomorrow dinner so I can do the morning tomorrow after all. 
On Jul 21, 2012 3:25 PM, "Jeffrey" leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Take an option , to be exercised by your spac. 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 21, 2012, at 3:09 PM, Ian Osborne 
wrote: 
Ok. Let me know when you land & I'll call. 
On Jul 21, 2012 3:08 PM, "Jeffrey" leevacationOgmail.com>
wrote: 
I'm on the plane , call me tonite or Tomorw . 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 21, 2012, at 2:55 PM, Ian Osborne 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00516163 
EFTA02013713
--- PAGE 2 ---
I've got to fly with Eike to Toronto tonight to 
finalize the deal I mentioned to you yesterday. 
This is exactly the type of transaction that, if it were 
formed, my Spac company should be participating 
in. 
I'm struggling with the diary. I've got to be in SF 
tomorrow p.m. but want to spend some time with 
you. What about if I stop back in NY on Tuesday? 
Best wishes, 
Ian 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacationOgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516164 
EFTA02013714

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013715.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
" 
mail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Epstein Jeftrey[jeevacation©pmail nom] 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 9/21/2012 2:00:50 PM 
Subject: Updated Schedule! 
yes! Michael is confirmed for 7pm and Tede is at 1:30...I have updated the schedule 
10:00 Appt w 
11:00 Appt w/ 
12:30 Lunch w/Steve Kosslyn 
1:30 Appt Teije Roed Larsen 
1:30 Conference Call w/Ian Feinberg and Sal Lim, Steven Kosslyn's attorneys. JE 
to ca 
3:00 Appt w/Nina Keita 
5:15 JE to go meet Ehud Barak at the Regency at Park Ave. & 61 Room # 
Nili 
NILI WILL CALL ONCE BARAK LANDS FROM DC 
TO GIVE BETTER TIMING OF ARRIVAL 
7:00 Dinner w/Michael Wood 
EFTA_R1_00516166 
EFTA02013715

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013716.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeNmaitcom[jeevacationetgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
nick lambros 
Sent 
Mon 12/6/2010 5:05:18 PM 
Subject: Titan 
Mr Epstein, I'm going to place the Titan order today and just wanted to make sure that you want 
the 2D version, We can not upgrade later !! 
With all the new movies coming out in 3D and Satellite starting to offer it on there program list 
just wanted to make sure we are ordering the correct unit. 
Nick Lambros 
Sound X 
360 w 
ay 
Office 
EFTA_R1_00516167 
EFTA02013716

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013717.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013717.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com > To: 
> Sent: Sat 11 December 2010 20:09:46 Sub'ect: Re: i will be back tues On Sat, Dec 11, 2010 at 5:08 
PM 
wrote: Hey Jeffrey..xxx I know already that I'm 
coming back the 9th of January.Will try one more month to see if something will happen... How are you? 
having fun? kiss kiss 
--  
 The information 
contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may 
EFTA R1_00516168 
EFTA02013717

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013718.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.comfjeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
brice gordon 
Sent 
Mon 2/6/2012 5:06:03 PM 
Subject: Re: Guest Cottage Building Permit 
this weekend? 
On Mon, Feb 6, 2012 at 10:19 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
you and i should design 
On Mon, Feb 6, 2012 at 10:05 AM, brice gordon <i
ivrote: 
should we proceed in getting a correct set of drawings 
On Mon, Feb 6, 2012 at 10:01 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ok then lets begin to dig and start it, 
On Mon, Feb 6, 2012 at 9:59 AM, brice gordon 
wrote: 
confirming building permit has been issued for guest house. 
Brice Gordon 
Little Saint James 
**************************** 
******************************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to kevacation©gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA R1_00516170 
EFTA02013718
--- PAGE 2 ---
Brice Gordon 
Little Saint James 
VI 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to icevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Brice Cordon 
Little Saint James 
EFTA_R1_00516171 
EFTA02013719

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013720.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013720.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comfjeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent 
Tue 6/5/2012 1:35:18 AM 
Subject: Re: 
yes wire to mark was sent last week 
i will havaobtain wiring instructions so i can do enhanced wire to MIT 
PLEASE NOTE EFFECTIVE JUNE 5TH MY CONTACT INFO WILL BE AS 
FOLLOWS: 
Richard Kahn 
On Jun 4, 2012, at 7:06 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
did we compete the mark Lloyd transaction/? 
send 50k to mit for seth Lloyd . 
from enhanced 
***** 
****************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOsmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516172 
EFTA02013720

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013721.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Leon Black is HERE 
Sent: 
Tuesda Janua 
28. 2014 6:1 1 :41 PM 
Cc: 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516173 
EFTA02013721

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013722.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Faith KatesM 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
how bad is the weather out there , ny is raining pretty hard 
EFTA_R1_00516175 
EFTA02013722

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013723.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation 
" 
"Lcorn]; 
JEEDee 
• 
Cc: 
Richard Kah 
eanne Brenna 
From: 
Cecile de Jong 
Sent: 
Thur 5/17/2012 3:15:15 PM 
Subject: Una Pascal 
Good morning Jeffrey, 
FYI - Jeanne and I have not said anything to Una as yet. We will say something in the 
next two weeks (end of May) once we finalize the exit plan. I spoke to John since Una 
was such a integral part of both his campaigns. He thinks he has been able to identify 
a job for her under a federal grant but, if that works out, he can't arrange a start for Una 
until the beginning of the fiscal year (Oct 1) when the grant begins. Given Una's tenure 
here as well as being a core worker in this office, we would like to her give her a soft 
landing. Una is the breadwinner in her family so we feel that a soft landing is essential. 
John should be able to nail down something definitive with in the next two weeks at 
which time we will tell her. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, and 
protected from disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that any dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
immediately and delete all copies. 
"Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." — 
Abraham Lincoln 
t# Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail. 
EFTA_R1_00516176 
EFTA02013723

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013724.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Bella Klei 
Cc: 
Jeffrey Epsteinfieeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Danielsiad 
Sent 
Fri 4/29/2011 2:44:46 PM 
Subject 
Re: Fwd: Fwd: 
Hello Jeffrey 
Thank you very much 
I just recieved it 
Warmest regards 
See you in Paris 
Daniel 
Sent from my iPad 
On 28 avr. 2011, at 17:38, Bella Klein 
Begin forwarded message: 
ote: 
From: Bella Klein 
Date: April 28, 201 
. . 
To: Jeffre E stein <. 
v 
i n 
mail.com> 
Cc: 
Sub 
. 
. 
1000 Euros are ready for pick up. Please use the following info at WU location: 
Sender: Bella Klein, NY 
On Apr 28, 2011, at 6:28 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
leaes wire 1000 euros one thousand by wetem union 
----- Forwarded messa e 
From: Daniel Siad 
Date: Thu, Apr 28, 
Subject: Re: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmaii,e0m>
Hello Jeffrey 
EFTA_R1_00516177 
EFTA02013724
--- PAGE 2 ---
here is my info thank you very much 
SIAD AMAR 
Swedish Passport numbe 
Confidentiality Notice: The information contained in this electronic message 
is PRIVILEGED and confidential information intended 
only for the use of the individual entity or entities named 
as recipient or recipients. If the reader is not the intended 
recipient, be hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copy of this communication is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in 
error, please notify me immediately by electronic mail or 
by telephone and permanently delete this message from 
your computer system. Thank you. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518178 
EFTA02013725

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013726.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
maitcompeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffreleevacationegmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 2/14/2011 4:59:33 PM 
Subject Re: 
Hgappy valentines!!! Out favurite holiday))) (after thanksgiving)) 
The best present would be to get what■oves to much!!! 
Coming back to ny tuesd morn 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Mon 14 Feb 2011 07:58:04 -0500 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
happy valentine 
On Sun, Feb 13, 2011 at 10:04 PM 
wrote: 
No news so far... 
At grammeys 
I think the deal closed sept - oct 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey 
To: me 
Subject: 
Sent: Feb 13, 2011 7:02 PM 
?'? 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
******************************** 
*************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA_R1_00516179 
EFTA02013726
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516180 
EFTA02013727

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013728.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Receive 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation©gmail.com > 
:47:20 
EFTA_R1_00516181 
EFTA02013728

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013729.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013729.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comijeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinheevacationegmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 6/8/2011 6:40:37 PM 
Subject: Re: Need to take care of Medical appointments with my wife on Friday June 10th. 
Thx 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 8, 2011, at 1:03 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@grnail.com> wrote: 
yess 
On Wed, Jun 8, 2011 at 7:00 P 
ote: 
Hi. So it is ok for him to take the 10th off? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 8, 2011, at 12:51 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationOgmail.com> wrote: 
On Wed, Jun 8, 2011 at 6:48 PM,
 wrote: 
Please advise. Thx 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Richard Barnett 
Dat 
To: 
Subject: Need to take care of Medical appointments with my wife on 
Friday June 10th. 
Hi Lesley please ask Mr. Epstein if it is ok for me to be 
out friday June 10, I know its a short notice but I need 
to drive and help my wife to her after surgery doctors 
appointments .She needs to go to three different doctor 
appointments that day, she is not able to drive due to 
the pain medication she is taking . I will make up for 
EFTA_R1_00516183 
EFTA02013729
--- PAGE 2 ---
the day by working Sunday June 12th to work security 
for the house during the puerto rican day parade , if JE 
feels it's needed to try keep things in check out front 
while he is in residence . I will also work late monday 
if needed for the dinner party. Thanks Rich 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516184 
EFTA02013730

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013731.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013731.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
Subject: 
Re: 
From: 
"Gary Kerney" 
EFTA_R1_00516185 
EFTA02013731

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013732.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Sat 9/22/2012 10:04:59 PM 
Subject: RE: 
Trying to reach you — called both at home as well as your cell but no answer. When can you talk? 
B 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Saturday, September 22, 2012 12:58 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
made rescravations at the dream hotel for I I pm 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jecvacation(kumail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516187 
EFTA02013732

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013733.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'
y 
in 
it 
y 
i n 
mil. m • 
ffr 
inbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
Cc: 
I n Jojo 
j; Lynn and 
Jojol 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Wecitiliiil
m
Subject: Re: 
great. thanks 
On Apr 11, 2012, at 10:37 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
st 
On Wed, Apr 11, 2012 at 9:38 AM, Lesley Groff •=
> wrote: 
Jojo wi
Stx.icking up 
and 
on Thursday (MI arrives 7:38pm 
and 
8:15pm at LGA) 
Where do you want the girls to go after Jojo picks them up? (1 have nothing on your 
calendar after the I lam con£ call at the moment on Thursday) 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOgmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516188 
EFTA02013733

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013734.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Justin Nelson & Chris French are here! 
Sent: 
Thursday. June 6, 2013 6:30:16 PM 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516190 
EFTA02013734

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013735.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013735.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Tue, Nov 17, 2009 at 10:18 AM Subject: RE: FW: Doe 2 v. Epstein (as to Jane 
Doe) - Reply to RRS's Respnse to Defendant's Emergency Motion re: Preservation of 
Evidence To: Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > 
EFTA_R1_00516191 
EFTA02013735

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013736.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013736.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
• 
maitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey epsteinlieeyacation©gmaitcomj 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 8/2/2011 6:13:16 PM 
Subject: Re: Call List 
Catherine Caldor: 
EFTA_R1_00516192 
EFTA02013736

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013737.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
m 
From: 
To: 
Jeffrei2stein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: from
Sent: 
Thursday, December 15, 2011 3:58:09 AM 
EFTA_R1_00516193 
EFTA02013737

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013738.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Google Calendar 
Sent: 
Wed 9/26/2012 8:54:09 PM 
Subject: Reminder: gates thorbgorn, @ Thu Sep 27, 2012 (jeevacation©gmail.com) 
more details 
gates thorbgorn, 
When 
Thu Sep 27. 2012 
Calendar 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Who 
Jeffrey Epstein - organizer 
Invitation from Coople Calendar 
You are receiving this email at the account jeevacation@gmail.com because you are subscribed for reminders on calendar 
jeevacation©gmail.com. 
To stop receiving these notifications, please log in to httpsliwww.google.comfcalendari and change your notification settings for this 
calendar. 
EFTA_R1_00516194 
EFTA02013738

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013739.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
is HERE! 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 26, 2013 4:14:18 PM 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516195 
EFTA02013739

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013740.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Mark LLOYD 
Sent: 
Mon 6/6/2011 9:25:55 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Are you coming to London? 
---Original Message----
From: Jeffrey Epstein <'eevacation 
mail.com> 
To: Mark Lloyd 
Sent: Sat, 4 Jun 
: 
Subject: Re: 
im in paris„ where are you and what are you doing? 
On Tue, Mar 8, 2011 at 12:27 AM 
rote: 
Jefrey, 
Just got back to London and read the headlines. Not sure there is anything I can do, but if you can think 
of anything, then please let me know! 
Your friend, 
Mark 
Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationaumaitcom and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516196 
EFTA02013740

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013741.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Fwd: Never mind on Bank account! 
mail.comUeevacationellgmail.com] Epstein Jeftreybeevacation©gmail.corn] 
Sat 9/1/2012 11:47:45 AM 
:) 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: Se [ember I, 2012 6:23:37 AM EDT 
To 
Subject: Re: Never mind on Bank account! 
Hellonank 
You for everything ! I'VE got the money! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 01.09.2012, at 0:11 
wrote: 
Hi 
It is done. You can et our money in 15 minutes! The 
MTCN (western union) 
Let me know you have received please. Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 31, 2012, at 12:14 P 
wrote: 
Hello 
If I understood You, You have sent me the 
money y western union ? Yes? 
Thank You 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00516197 
EFTA02013741
--- PAGE 2 ---
wrote: 
Hi 
i called Western Union and I do not 
• 
your bank account information after 
• 
only need your name. I will let you 
know when this has been done. 
Thanks, 
EFTA_R1_00516198 
EFTA02013742

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013743.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacation@gmaiteorn]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Nina K. 
Sent 
Sun 9/25/2011 5:36:20 PM 
Subject RE: 
Hello Jeffrey! 
Thank you for coming yesterday and also Pm very sorry that you had to wait that long. 
You'll be able to exchange more next time ( in Abidjan). 
I have cleared up everything. He understand what happens completely. 
I missed my husband in New York! I hope he is coming here next month! 
Have a great evening. 
Nina 
Date: Sun, 25 Sep 2011 13:56:11 +0200 
Subject: 
From: 'eevacation a 
tail.com 
To 
thanks for yesterday. I hope you cleared up the David issue. // I am having dinner with your 
husband 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ksilacatiopjagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516199 
EFTA02013743

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013744.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: Re: Re: Re: 
Sun 8/28/2011 6:45:03 PM 
He is here with me, if you come to Paris we can all have dinner 
EFTA_R1_00516200 
EFTA02013744

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013745.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 
Thur 7/7/2011 7:34:02 PM 
Subject: 
Re: 
be st ron(; 
EFTA_R1_00516201 
EFTA02013745

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013746.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
roger friedman 
To: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent: 
Mon Mar 07 00:52:10 2011 
Subject: Ghislain Maxwell and the girls she hired for paedophile Jeffrey Epstein's stable I Mail Online 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1363444/Ghislain-Maxwell-girls-hired-paedophile-Jeffrey-Epsteins-
stable.html 
EFTA_R1_00516202 
EFTA02013746

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013747.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Peter Mendelson 
Sent 
Thur 8/11/2011 1:51:26 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Come to Istanbul 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtojeevacation©gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, August 11, 2011 11:15 AM 
To: Peter Mendelson 
Subject: Re: 
paris -congragulations 
On Thu, Aug 11, 2011 at 12:01 PM, Peter Mandelson 
wrote: 
House contract exchanged ! 
Whcrc r u ? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein imailtmicevaeation(Mamail.coml 
Sent: Wednesday, August 10, 2011 06:31 PM 
To: Peter Mendelson 
Subject: 
im in dubai„ you would have loved it 
******* ** ******** ****************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
***********************************************************
EFTA_R1_00516204 
EFTA02013747
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516205 
EFTA02013748

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013749.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation gmail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 3/25/2011 3:00:19 AM 
Subject: article 
When I read this... 
Andrew Sold Daughters to Pay Fergie Debts 
It caught me off guard I laughed so hard I choked and shot snot out of my nose! Best one yet!!! 
EFTA_R1_00516207 
EFTA02013749

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013750.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; 
jeeyacation 
mail.com['eeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: (no subject) 
Thur 3/31/2011 2:25:11 PM 
finally bombardier comes through 
EFTA_R1_00516208 
EFTA02013750

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013751.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent 
Sunday, September 25, 2011 12:24 Plr0ATo: CHRISTOPHER E. KNIGHT <CKni= 
EFTA_R1_00516209 
EFTA02013751

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013752.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Jennie Enterprise 
From: 
Jeffrey 
Sent: 
Wed 5/16/2012 8:13:31 AM 
Subject: Re: RE: 
It's like two right hands 
EFTA_R1_00516211 
EFTA02013752

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013753.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
n < jeevacation@gmail.com > 
To: 
Sent: 
Sun Aug 15 12:52:46 2010 
EFTA_R1_00516213 
EFTA02013753

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013754.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation@gmail.cont JE Vacationfleevacationiagmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 12/1/2011 8:55:48 PM 
Subject Re: 
Always. I could live on a plane 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Dat • 
-1 • 
- 00 
To: 
Subject: 
fun? 
***** **************** 
******** *** ******* ******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jco acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516220 
EFTA02013754

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013755.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationiagmaitcom[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
H.K.H. Kronprinsessen 
Sent 
Tue 10/25/2011 1:52:39 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Thank you 
I will 
Did u enjoy sweetness ? 
Den 25. okt. 2011 kl. 08:11 skrev Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@smail.com>:
like sweetness, you can read the nabokov story of siamiese twins.. two people 
joined at the hip, with diffierent views. 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationagmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518221 
EFTA02013755

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013756.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013756.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
<jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Fri, 22 Jul 2011 20:26:23 -0400 To: < 
Subject: Re:okleaveitOnFri,Jul22,2011 at 8:04 PM, < 
wrote: 
ilillican only do tomorrow.. Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > 
Date: Wed, 20 Jul 2011 12:56:02 -0400 To: 
Subject: 
EFTA R1_00516222 
EFTA02013756

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013757.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' v 
in 
maitoompeevacationagmail.comi: Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
1121/2011 7:38:41 PM 
Subject 
She says she just missed your call, I dont know if you left a message because she says she doesnt 
understand whether you wanted her to get back in touch with me. I told her to keep her phone on 
her so you can call again. Or you can tell me if there is something I should do. 
EFTA_R1_00518223 
EFTA02013757

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013758.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.compeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteirteevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sarah 
Sent 
Mon 8/1/2011 2:01:08 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I am on yours and you on mine. With great love and strength. 
What time can I call you and one more time!! What number? 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received this email in error please 
notify the sender 
immediately. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Mon I Au 2011 00:30:15 +0200 
To: ferg 
Subject: 
when you first got in trouble, you said to me , jeffrey i know that as i told everyone youre either 
on the team or off. I knew you were always on my team. that was right. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ic_c‘ acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516224 
EFTA02013758

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013759.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 
Fri 4/26/2013 4:11:58 PM 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516225 
EFTA02013759

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013760.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013760.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation 
mail.com > Date: Mon, 26 Apr 2010 06:35:55 -0400 To: 
PETER MANDELSON 
Subject: cameron'as idea that pms must be 
elected, would have meant churchill in the middle of a crisis would have had to hold an election. THis is 
the voice of inexperieince„ good intentions but inexperienced. --
 The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_00516227 
EFTA02013760

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013761.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'
sr 
in 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 4/25/2012 8:44:55 PM 
Hi, 
how are you? 
we are waiting for you 16th :) of May 
EFTA_R1_00516228 
EFTA02013761

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013762.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013762.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com eevacation@gmail.comb Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com]; 
From: 
Carlos Rodriguez 
Sent 
Sat 9/1/2012 6:20:15 PM 
Subject Big N Overhaul 
Greetings all as per my visit today to haulover marine, there has been quite a lot of work done on 
Big N. The front part of the gate has been repaired it was completely broken away they put a 
new metal piece all the way across. Both sides of the front part of the hull had heavy pitting 
possibly leaking into the haul were repaired with new half inch aluminum plate welded on. The 
struts these hold the shaft and prop both were loose and had heavy pitting, they were rewelded to 
the hull. New flanges were welded to rudder and rudder posts, propellers were polished and hull 
was sanded and painted. Bosco has been managing all these projects, purchasing materials while 
also working on the hydraulics so haulover could remove bottles, hes also been dealing with 
engine alignment. They should be able to splash tuesday and come to red hook to do rest of 
inhouse work. 
thankyou 
Carlos Rodriguez 
EFTA_R1_00516229 
EFTA02013762

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013763.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmail.compeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Peter Mendelson 
Sent 
Tue 4/3/2012 4:43:33 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Should be coming from Toronto around weekend May 27 til Bilderberg the following weekend in 
Virginia. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, April 02, 2012 11:46 AM 
To: Peter Mandelson 
Subject: 
any plans for the states? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to icevacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Disclaimer 
This email and any attachments to it may be confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual to whom it is addressed. Any views 
or opinions expressed are see* those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of Global Counsel LLP. If you are not the intended 
recipient of this email. you must neither take any action based upon its contents. nor copy or show it to anyone. Please contact the sender if you 
believe you have received this email in error. Global Counsel LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England with number 0C359767. 
registered office 27 Farm Street. London W1J 5R.J. 
EFTA_R1_00516230 
EFTA02013763

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013764.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013764.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.con[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Tue 4/5/2011 6:31:02 PM 
Subject: Fwd: 
Do i have your approval to pay Gary March fees in the amount of 24,295.40? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Gary Kerney" 
Date: April 5, 2011 1:48:16 PM EDT 
To: "Rich Kahn" 
Rich 
Where is my march payment?' talked to Jeffrey Friday and he agreed that I would be paid before the 
end of the month going forward did he advise you? 
Gary 
EFTA_R1_00516231 
EFTA02013764

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013765.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Sultan Bin Sulayem 
From: 
Jeffrey 
Sent 
Tue 4/3/2012 8:06:36 AM 
What day do you arrive? 
EFTA_R1_00516232 
EFTA02013765

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013766.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013766.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject rice 
mail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Tue 9/18/2012 3:22:30 PM 
ok...I had Larry Newman and Darren coming Monday at I lam but changed them to Tues. at 
I lam! 
On Sep 17, 2012, at 10:12 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
yfek monday at II 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518233 
EFTA02013766

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013767.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey epstein 
(jeevacation@gmail.com)(jeffrey epstein (jeevacation@romail.comTh 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent 
Thur 7/5/2012 7:20:31 PM 
Subject 
talk? 
Which number? 
EFTA_R1_00516234 
EFTA02013767

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013768.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationttigmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Faith Kates 
Sent: 
Thur 3/17/2011 12:37:28 AM 
Should I worry why haven't I heard from u 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information. some or all of which. may be proprietary or legally privileged. It is for the 
intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error. pleas* notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You, the 
recipient. are obligated to maintain it in a safe, secure. and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality 
could subject you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management. LLC and any affiliate companies aro not responsible for 
errors or omissions in this massage or any attachments 
EFTA_R1_00516235 
EFTA02013768

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013769.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey[eevacation@gmaitcom] 
From: 
Sent: 
Sun 4/8/2012 1:31:09 AM 
Subject: Re: 
I think im leaving to paris fri or sat for a week or two or three. U gonna be 
there in april? 
EFTA_R1_00516239 
EFTA02013769

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013770.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Re: 
mail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Thur 4/26/2012 1:03:30 PM 
we are looking for, its not easy to find an office for free. so we have some options which Daniel 
found and i will see one of my friend office tomorrow. 
a lot of work, castings, accreditation for Cannes Film Festival - working from home for the 
moment. 
Best regards, 
Cm 
avr. 2012, s 14:29, Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> sanscan(a): 
did you find offices. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516241 
EFTA02013770

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013771.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmaitcomijeevacationetgmail.cont Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmaii cam] 
Fran: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Wed 11/28/2012 1:02:21 PM 
Subject Re: Priv & Cont Dec. 1-31 
Ok re Dec 12 concert with M. Does this mean the possible dinner with Magnani & Lamster on 
the 12th is a no go? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 27, 2012, at 6:14 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
concert sviht 
On Tue, Nov 27, 2012 at 4:50 PM, Lesley Groff •::
> wrote: 
DECEMBER 2012 
Winter Reminders: 
Michael Wood, Harvard, Joffe Caracas, Marvin 
Go see Jeffrey Horowitz & the Building Site for Theatre for a New Audience 
SATURDAY DEC. 1. 2012-STOCKHOLM 
-WOODY ALLEN'S BIRTHDAY IS TODAY DEC. Inn Woody's cell: IM 
-Reminder: Lisa, Luisa?? 
10:00 Breakfast w/Professor Mathias Uhlen at Hotel Anglais 
Humlegardsgatan 23 
102 44 Stockholm 
Phone: 
1:00 Brunch w/BBB Girls at Howl Kung Carl 
Binger Jadsgatan 21 
EFTA_R1_00518242 
EFTA02013771
--- PAGE 2 ---
111 45 Stockholm 
Tel: 
Epost: info@hotellkunqcarl.se 
Barbro's colt 
SUNDAY DEC. 2. 20i2-Stockholm to Paris 
Check out of
 Grand Hotel Stockholm 
-Reminder: People to See: 
Linda Pinto ( 
cell, 33 
Fancelli 
home) 
Hermes People: Daniel Siad's Hermc's people: Francois Manalt (Project 
Manager), Francois Dore (General Manager), Pierre Francois Le Poutre 
(Marketing & Sales Manager) 
Francois Manalt 
EFTA_R1_00516243 
EFTA02013772
--- PAGE 3 ---
MONDAY DEC. 3.2012- Paris 
??? Meet w/MJ 30 minutes before the Fanelli meeting. 
??? TENTATIVE Meeting at Maitre Guyot's Office, 223 Boulevard Saint 
Germain in Paris (VII Or anized by Marie Experton, 
cell) WAITING FOR CONFIRM 
TUESDAY DEC. 4.2012- Paris 
WEDNESDAY DEC. 5. 2012- Paris 
THURSDAY DEC. 6.2012- Paris 
-Matt Menchel will be in NY Dec. 6-10 
work, 
FRID 
D1:('. 7. 2012- Paris to NV' 
2:05pm Depart Air France #6 from CDG (Record Loch
i 
4:20pm Arrive JFK 
SATURDAY DEC. 8. 2012- NY 
1:00 Appt 
SUNDAY DEC 9.2012- NY 
EFTA_R1_00516244 
EFTA02013773
--- PAGE 4 ---
MONDAY DEC. 10, 2012- NY 
-Matt Menchel to depart today, Dec. 10 
??? TENTATIVE Lunch w/Leon Botstein (Catherine is assistant: 
7:00pm Eva's Benefit: Cocktails Lobby Lounge of Mandarin Oriental (FESTIVE 
ATTIRE) 
8:00pm Eva's Benefit: Dinner & Entertainment (Mandarin Ballroom) 
Table for 10: Jeffrey, Ian Osborne, 
TUESDAY DEC. 11, 2012- NY 
6:00pm Nutcracker Ballet Lincoln Center, 70 West 63n° Street. You have 6 
tickets. 
WEDNESDAY DEC. 12, 2012- NY 
-Lesley on holiday Dec. 12-16 
IT
ITATIVE Dinner w/Dr. Magnani & Dr. Lamster (Magnani cell: 
THURSDAY DEC. 13, 2012- NY 
EFTA R1_00518245 
EFTA02013774
--- PAGE 5 ---
Go see Leon Bo/stein in Concert and have Dinner afterwards (Leon Botstein. 
cell) 
[RID kl DEC. 14. 2012-N1 TO I.S.I 
-Sue to fly to London today at 9:30pm 
GO TO LSJ 
SATURDAY DEC. 15. 2012-LSJ 
SUNDAY DEC. 16, 2012-LSJ 
-Sue to Norway with family Dec. 16-24 
MONDAY DEC. 17. 2012-LSJ 
-Lesley back in the office today 
TUESDAY DEC. 18. 2012-LSJ 
-Ben Gocrtzel will be in Maryland from Dec. 18-Jan 15 (
) He 
would like to see you. 
WEDNESDAY DEC. 19, 2012- LSJ TO NY 
RETURN TO NY FROM LSJ 
THURSDAY DEC. 20. 2012 
EFTA_R1_00516246 
EFTA02013775
--- PAGE 6 ---
GO TO PARIS (?) 
FRIDAY DEC. 21, 2012 
SATURDAY DEC. 22. 2012 
SUNDAY DEC. 23. 2012 
MONDAY DEC. 24. 2012 
-Sue back to London from Norway today 
Christmas Eve (Office and FTC work half day) 
TUESDAY DEC. 25, 2012 
Christmas Day (Office and FTC Closed) 
JE to be in Paris (?) 
WEDNESDAY DEC. 26, 2012 
GO TO LSJ (?) 
THURSDAY DEC. 27. 2012 
EFTA_R1_00516247 
EFTA02013776
--- PAGE 7 ---
FRIDAY DEC. 28, 2012 
SATURDAY DEC. 29, 2012 
SUNDAY DEC. 30, 2012 
MONDAY DEC 31.2012 
New Year's Eve (Office and FTC work half day) 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to k_c‘, acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516248 
EFTA02013777

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013778.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Darren is here 
Sent: 
Tuesday, April 12, 2011 2:50:33 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516251 
EFTA02013778

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013779.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sert 
Subject: Eyeglasses 
mail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Fri 3/16/2012 3:15:25 PM 
The frames for the eyeglasses arc $270 and the lenses will be $370 
They will take 1 week - 10 days to make. 
Should I go ahead with them. 
Confirming they are sunglasses, non progressive, for seeing distances (hunters) 
EFTA_R1_00516252 
EFTA02013779

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013780.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
• 
' combeevacation@gmail.comj: jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 5/17/2012 1:27:14 PM 
Subject: RE: 
second video is too big to send 
cool seeing you...glad you like. 
I II introduce you other girls I know too 
jeffrey could you fly me to paris this week, when you are still there? 
Date: Thu, 17 May 2012 15:06:10 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: 'eevacation 
nail.com 
To 
same one send the other 
a
On Thu, May 17, 2012 at 2:56 PM, 
wrote:
Date: Thu, 17 May 2012 13:50:28 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jcevacation©gmail.com 
To: 
im in paris 
On Thu, May 17, 2012 at 1:15 PM 
wrote: 
jeffrey.. write me please! 
********** 
*** ************************ 
********************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA_R1_00516253 
EFTA02013780
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516254 
EFTA02013781

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013782.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Nowak, Martin[ 
From: 
Jeffrey 
Sent: 
Fri 3/30/2012 11:42:24 PM 
Subject: Re: 
He's out of town 
EFTA_R1_00516255 
EFTA02013782

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013783.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacationellgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
David Gelemter 
Sent 
Mon 6/6/2011 11:50:30 AM 
Subject: not 34, sorry; 84 
On Mon, Jun 6, 2011 at 7:46 AM, David Gelemter < 
wrote: 
Could we talk sometime? Any morning this wk? Know yr still busy; just briefly. A use 
example always takes space, but right below, the boiled down "why have one?" --David 
Watch your lifestream to keep track of your life. One stream for email, news you follow, group 
posts--family groups, work, ad hoc--posts from anyone around the table at a meeting; & your 
appointments approach from the future. 
Watch your smart phone at a meeting, your pad at bedside: the stream looks like a film strip, or 
pages of a book. To check the past or future, send the film strip reeling backwards or 
forwards with a swipe of the finger; or search. 
[end rationale] 
As present flows into past, the difference between stream posts & memories diminishes, & we 
can manage the lifestream as it it were your train of thought--as if someone were reading each 
post to you & the stream were inside instead of outside your mind--inside, blended with other 
thoughts and memories ("a thought" = present tense of "a memory"). 
EFTA_R1_00516256 
EFTA02013783

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013784.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
" 
ail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 10/5/2012 1:31:59 AM 
Subject: Fwd: 5 Palms Mirrored Panels 
resending 
From: 
Date: 
Subject: 5 Palms Mirrored Panels 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacationagmail.com>
Cc: 
do you wish to replace all the panels or just the really badly damaged ones 
EFTA_R1_00516257 
EFTA02013784

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013785.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
• 
ail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com] Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 4/12/2011 4:56:09 PM 
Subject: Re: Marty Weinberg 
ok 
On Apr 12, 2011, at 12:54 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
afternoon 
On Tue, Apr 12, 2011 at 12:52 PM 
wrote: 
Mary would like to see you Sunday as late in the day as possible (however, he did 
say he is flexible) 
What time would you like me to suggest to meet with Marty on Sunday? (I don't know 
how late you intend to stay) 
Thanks 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOgmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516258 
EFTA02013785

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013786.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]: Je vacationueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 5/3/2012 3:15:58 PM 
Subject: Re: Bell 407 dolly and 4x6 
Great thank you,. 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu 3 Ma 2012 11:17:17 -0400 
To: 
Subject: e: e 
o y an 
x 
Yesv, but keep gator 
Sent from my iPad 
On May 3, 2012, at 10:44 AM 
rote: 
Jeffrey,. 
Google/Nicolas want to purchase the Bell 407 dolly and old 4x6 Gator in St Thomas,. 
I was thinking: 
$4,000 for the Dolly (new Dolly $7,800) 
$1,000.00 for the Gator 4x6 (its pretty rough looking but runs good once it starts),.(new Gator 
$10.800) 
Total package $5,000.00 
Do you approve of this sale? 
thanks. 
Larry 
EFTA_R1_00516259 
EFTA02013786

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013787.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
v 
in 
mil. rn . 
v 
i n 
mil. m• 
ffr 
in' v 
i n 
ail.com) 
Cc: 
Louella 
; Janusz Banasiak 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Wed 10/3/2012 7:29:03 PM 
Subject Re: Larry Delson/Skip Evans 
Larry Delson and Skip Evans will come see you on Monday at 2pm at the house. 
On Oct 3, 2012, at 3:16 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
either 
On Wed, Oct 3, 2012 at 3:15 PM, Lesley Groff cz
:, wrote: 
Great...would you like a face to face or a call? 
On Oct 3, 2012, at 3:14 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
monday 
On Wed, Oct 3, 2012 at 3:14 PM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Larry Delson and Skip Evans needs to see or speak with you again 
quickly...they are asking if you might be in NY again soon or if not, 
then could they have a call with you early next week? 
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ;•-•
acationRgmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516260 
EFTA02013787
--- PAGE 2 ---
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516261 
EFTA02013788

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013789.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmaii.com] 
From: 
David Gelemter 
Sent 
Tue 7/26/2011 11:50:35 AM 
Subject: Re: call? 
what num? 
On Tue, Jul 26, 2011 at 7:47 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
waiting for you 
On Tue, Jul 26, 2011 at 7:26 AM, David Gelemter 
rote: 
will do 
On Tue, Jul 26, 2011 at 7:25 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jcevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
745 
On Tue, Jul 26, 2011 at 6:59 AM, David Gelemter < 
wrote: 
********************* 
******* **** ******* ******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA_R1_00516262 
EFTA02013789
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516263 
EFTA02013790

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013791.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
David Mitchell 
Sent 
Thur 3/24/2011 11:28:01 PM 
Subject: Re: 
He has been trying very hard to settle 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
David Mitchell 
MITCHELL HOLDINGS LLC 
815 Fifth Avenue 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 
To: David Mitchell 
Subject: 
I saw robin katz at barneys„ if you are in contact with Anton„ I think she would be receptive to a 
settlement proposal 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516264 
EFTA02013791

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013792.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Subject: 
remin er 
Sent: 
Tuesday, July 5, 2011 1:46:47 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@anail.corn> 
EFTA_R1_00516265 
EFTA02013792

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013793.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
niaiLcornUeevacation/pgrnailtonlfleffreyepst6nUeevacalion/ponvaconA 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 5/26/2011 3:00:24 PM 
had to make sure jen was set with what to do with the movers and she us now 
working on sweatpants and sweatshirts that need to be done by tomorrow 
EFTA_R1_00516266 
EFTA02013793

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013794.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Sent: 
Subject: 
From: 
To: 
Monday, May 14, 2012 3:16:53 AM 
- • 
Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516267 
EFTA02013794

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013795.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013795.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent 
Wednesday, November 03, 2010 9:01 AM 
To: 
Lesley Groff 
Subject: For jeffrey 
EFTA_R1_00516268 
EFTA02013795

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013796.pdf
----------------------------------------
From Qatar, just received,. 
Sec below email,. 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Tarek Elsayed 
Date: Tue, 13 Dec 2011 15:06:29 +0300 
To: Don Bass< 
Cc: Mohamed Dobashr< 
Mohammed Altha 
Subject: RE: Boeing 727-100 REW SN 20115 
Larry Visoski 
Pls we still waiting for your reply in-order to see the Next step. 
On the other hand we have some other alternatives, we hold it till we receive your reply 
With best regards I Mit freundlichen GrUssen 
Tarek M El Saye,d 
Aamal Company Q.S.0 
Managing Director 
Tel 
P.O
Fn
Box 22477 Doha Qatar 
www.aamat com.ga 
EFTA_R1_00516269 
EFTA02013796
--- PAGE 2 ---
APlease don't print this Email unless you really need to - this will preserve trees on planet earth.. 
Disclaimer : This e-mail and any files itansmitted with it are confidential and may contain priviliged information and are intended solely for the use of 
the individual or entity to whom they arc addressed. If you arc not the intended recipient and you have received this email in error or through any other 
unintended circumstances, we would request you not to copy. store or lanyard the e-mail. Please return the message to the sender and delete it 
immediately there alter as any other use of the same may be unlawful. 
Internet communications cannot he guaranteed to he timely. secure. error or vints-lice. The sender does not accept liability for any errors or omissions. 
Key of Success: 
'Success is not the he, to happiness. I lappiness is the key to success. If you love w hat you are doing. you will he successful.' 
From: Tarek Elsayed 
Sent: Sunday, December 11, 2011 10:51 AM 
To: 'Don Bass' 
Cc: Mohamed Dobashi; Larry Visoski; Mohammed Althani 
Subject: RE: Boeing 727-100 REW SN 20115 
Dear Don 
Thanks for your email & we would like to inform that we can offer 4 Million $ with the 
exclude of the Direct TN but to be included 
airshow with four TV monitors in Fwd salon, round room, bed room and office 
Thanks for dour support & understanding 
Waiting to hear from son 
With best regards / Mit freundlichen Griissen 
EFTA_R1_00516270 
EFTA02013797
--- PAGE 3 ---
Tarek M El Sayed 
Aamal Company Q.S.0 
Managing Director 
Tel: + 
Far:-
P.O Box 22477 Doha Qatar 
iswaamaLcom.qa 
A Please don't print this Email unless you really need to - this will preserve trees on planet earth.. 
Disclaimer : This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are confidential and may contain priviliged information and arc intended solely for the use of 
the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you are not the intended recipient and you have received this email in error or through any other 
unintended circumstances. we would request you not to copy. store or forward the e-mail. Please return the message to the sender and delete it 
immediately there a Iler as any other use of the same may be unlawful. 
Internet communications cannot be guaranteed to be timely, secure. error or virus-free. The sender does not accept liability for any errors or omissions. 
Key of Success: 
'Success is not the key to happiness. Ilappiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing. yoa will be successful.' 
From: Don Bass [mailto 
Sent: Friday, DecemberlIFFIM 
To: Tarek Elsayed 
Cc: Mohamed Dobashi; Larry Visoski 
Subject: Boeing 727-100 REW SN 20115 
EFTA_R1_00516271 
EFTA02013798
--- PAGE 4 ---
Dear Tarek, 
On behalf of the owner of the above referenced aircraft, JEGE, Inc., we appreciate your interest 
in the aircraft and the offer that you have made. 
As we have discussed, this aircraft represents the highest level of modification that is possible to 
the Boeing 727-100 airframe. 
The engines, airframe, fuel tanks, interior, and avionics have all been upgraded as follows: 
Pratt & Whitney Valsan Engine Conversion: A 35% increase in sea level thrust comes from the 
installation of new, zero time, fuel efficient Pratt & Whitney 219 engines. This includes newly 
designed, aerodynamic engine pylons, the conversion to hydraulic from pneumatic thrust reversers 
on the Number 1 and Number 3 engines as well as a Stage 3 hushkit for the Number 2 engine. 
The modification has a cost of 14,000,000M. 
Quiet Wing Technology Winglets: are installed providing a 5% increase in range while improving 
climb performance and reducing specific fuel consumption. The current Boeing Business Jet is 
equipped with similar winglets. This modification has a cost of $750,000. 
Rogerson Fuel Tanks: Increase the range of the aircraft by almost 100%. Originally the aircraft 
had a range of 4.0 to 4.5 hours. With these Long Range Fuel Tanks the range is increased to 8.0 
hours. The cost to install these tanks is 1,200,000M. 
The Industry Leading Page Avjet Interior and Avionics Modification: offers significant 
improvements to the interior in terms of cabin noise levels, interior design and function 
improvements as well as improved access for maintenance thus reducing labor costs significantly. 
The industry leading ISO — Mount technology literally suspends the interior shell of the aircraft 
reducing noise and vibration levels by as much as 30%. 
EFTA_R1_00518272 
EFTA02013799
--- PAGE 5 ---
Additionally, the aircraft offers other "Passive Noise Cancelling Technology" including 
attenuation of the Number I and Number 2 hydraulic systems originally designed by Otto 
Probance of Allied Department Stores. 
Included in the Page Avjet Interior STC modification was the Honeywell 4 Tube EFIS System. 
EFIS reduces cockpit workload and improves safety and reliability. 
This interior and avionics modification has a total cost of $6,800,000. 
Forward Executive Airstair Modification: This modification provides "one touch" deployment and 
retraction of the forward executive airstair. This allows V.I.P. access without the use of the rear 
airstair or a ground based mobile stairway. This modification has a cost of $750,000 and makes 
SN 20115 one of the few aircraft to offer this capability. 
As you are aware, the ownership history of a pre-owned aircraft has a significant impact on the 
value of the aircraft from a residual value standpoint. 
This aircraft has had only four owners. All of these owners have a long history of operating 
aircraft with no financial limitations on ensuring proper maintenance and incorporating all of the 
latest product improvements. 
With over 23,000,000M invested in technological improvements to the aircraft and with an asking 
price of 10,000,000M as recently as July of this year, we are confident of the value associated 
with a purchase of this aircraft at a price of 6.0M. 
However, in the interest of completing a sale to you, Tarok, and to His Highness Sheikh Al-Thani, 
we would agree to a further reduced selling price of 5,000,000M — to include the 1,000,000M in 
EFTA_R1_00516273 
EFTA02013800
--- PAGE 6 ---
improvements as per the attached Exhibit A, that you have requested. 
In addition, we will further include delivery of the aircraft to you with a fresh C2C inspection. A 
cost to the Seller of an additional 400,000. 
I am certain that you will not find a higher quality — nor a more attractively priced, comparable 
aircraft on the market today. 
We certainly understand that there are lesser quality aircraft available at lower acquisition prices 
should you decide to move in that direction. 
Yours Sincerely, 
Don Bass 
Managing Partner 
A VPRO Inc. 
900 Bestgate Road, Suite 412 
Annapolis, MD 21401 
www.avproiets.com 
EFTA_R1_00516274 
EFTA02013801

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013802.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstain - Friend of Sultan 
Ueeyacation@gmail.conn] 
From: 
afri xp 
Sent: 
Fri 11/18/2011 2:04:48 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Will ask him. U can contact him directly as well but will let him know. Cu 
EFTA_R1_00516277 
EFTA02013802

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013803.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.comijeevacationetgmail.comi: Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation©gmail.com) 
From: 
Gary Kemey 
Sent 
Sun 4/10/2011 4:03:23 PM 
Subject: RE: FW: little st. James shelters email 1 of 2 
they went to maria and were held pending the meeting that J.P. wanted prior to accepting any further 
applications 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:Jeevacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Sun 4/10/2011 11:33 AM 
To: Gary Kerney 
Subject: Re: FW: little st. James shelters email 1 of 2 
this is weeks old„ what has happcnd in the interim 
On Sun, Apr 10, 2011 at 5:17 PM, Gary Kerney 
here is the CZM plans from dejongh that Maria is submitting, 
we will scale them back a bit at buiding permit stage. 
get the status from Maria Monday. 
wrote: 
From 
Sent: 
To: Ga 
Kerne • Darren Ind ke 
Cc 
Su 
: 
: t e . James s e ers email 1 of 2 
Hello Gary and Darren: 
I am forwarding a set of seven (7) drawings for your review and comments. 
Please let me know if there is anything that you observe that requires 
adjustment. Please note that this transmission of documents is being sent 
in two entails. 
Regards 
Bob dell 
---Original Message----
From: Orlando Creque 
Sent: Wednesday, March 23, 2011 6:49 PM 
To: 
Subject: it e st. James shelters
 ne 
11w message is ready to be sent with the following file or link attachments: 
a201.pdf 
al01.pdf 
a102.pdf 
a103.pdf 
al 04.pdf 
EFTA_R1_00516278 
EFTA02013803
--- PAGE 2 ---
a202.pdf 
a203.pdf 
glOI .pdf 
Note: To protect against computer viruses, e-mail programs may prevent 
sending or receiving certain types of file attachments. Check your e-mail 
security settings to determine how attachments arc handled. 
***********************************************************
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516279 
EFTA02013804

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013805.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013805.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: It is almost 1:15! ;) 
Sent: 
Monday, June 27, 2011 5:12:13 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516280 
EFTA02013805

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013806.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Re: 
maitcom[jeevacationellgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Wed 6/29/2011 11:30:55 PM 
Yipee! That's the response I like. Isn't it fantastic! It is the house/property of my dreams. I wake 
up every day between 4-5AM thinking about it. Planning. Feeling, smelling, picturing it. I am in 
love. 
On Jun 29, 2011, at 4:26 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
holy shit 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516281 
EFTA02013806

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013807.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmaitcom] Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 9/26/2011 10:22:30 AM 
Subject: Re : Re: 
Sure, let's make it 3h30. 
In front of the Senate building, near the big pond? 
De • 
A : 
Envoye le : Lundi 26 Septembre 2011 12h05 
Objet : Re: Re: 
can you do 330? 
On Mon, Sep 26, 2011 at 11:42 AM, 
wrote: 
Luxembourg garden at 4 pm? 
Le dim. 25 sept 2011 10:05 PDT, Jeffrey Epstein a ocrit : 
>yes 
>On Sun, Sep 25, 2011 at 7:01 PM, 
anwrote: 
>> I saw your in my dream this night - we have been to a cinema. 
>> See you tomorrow afternoon? 
>> Le dim. 25 sept 2011 07:04 PDT, Jeffrey Epstein a ecrit : 
>> >im close by 
» > 
» >--
>> > ************************************** e******************** 
>> >The information contained in this communication is 
>> >confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
>> >constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
>> >the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
>> >Jeffrey Epstein 
>> >Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
>> >communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
>> >and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
>> >communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
>> >return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacatione,gmail com, and 
>> >destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
>> >including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516282 
EFTA02013807
--- PAGE 2 ---
>> 
>-
>*********************************************************** 
>The information contained in this communication is 
>confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
>constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
>the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
>Jeffrey Epstein 
>Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
>communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
>and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
>communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
>return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacationegmail.com, and 
>destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
>including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516283 
EFTA02013808

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013809.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Eva Dubin[ 
From: 
Jeffrey 
Sent 
Thur 8/23/2012 12:44:46 AM 
Second worse turbulence of my life 
EFTA_R1_00516285 
EFTA02013809

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013810.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeNmaitcom[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Natalia Belousova 
Sent 
Tue 7/3/2012 1:35:06 PM 
Subject: Re: Dasha Grupman's friend 
Great! I will email you on Monday, July 16. 
Natalia 
On Jul 3, 2012, at 9:18 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@smailcom> wrote:
july 16 th weeek ok 
On Tue, Jul 3, 2012 at 9:16 AM, Natalia Belousova 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
When are you coming to New York? 
Would it be possible to meet on Thursday instead of Friday? 
I have next week off and am flying to Europe on Friday night (initially planned on leaving 
on Saturday). 
Let me know if you can meet on Thursday. If not I am back the week of the July 16. Arc 
you going to be in New York then? 
Looking forward to meeting you. 
Regards, 
Natalia 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to kevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA_R1_00516286 
EFTA02013810
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516287 
EFTA02013811

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013812.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
m 
From: 
Sent: 
Cc: 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
S turda December 17 2011 11:58:16 PM 
EFTA_R1_00516288 
EFTA02013812

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013813.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation 
' 
cation©gmail.com] Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
Cc: 
Larry Visosk 
Fran: 
Zorro Ranch 
Sent 
Sat 9/15/2012 5:17:25 PM 
Subject Re: 
Earliest for stewart screen sample would be Thursday 
Should I have it sent to NY ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 14, 2012, at 5:38 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation(ii. gmail,com> wrote: 
cfirm see if stewart movie screen can be brought out, Sample size to compare , 
to current„ contact ATT re m cells throughout the house 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516289 
EFTA02013813

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013814.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013814.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject 
Dinner tonight 
[t.coo[jeeyacation@gmaitcom]: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com]; 
Tue 6/14/2011 6:40:42 PM 
J, Lesley Groff I 
says she is going to prepare some desserts for tonight. She would like to know if there is 
anything in particular you would like. 
EFTA_R1_00516290 
EFTA02013814

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013815.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013815.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Ian Osborne 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 
Wed 11/2/2011 10:05:35 AM 
Subject: 
Re: 
great„ sultan and karim will be in pairs. with me, 
On Wed, Nov 2, 2011 at 1:56 AM, Ian Osborne <iwo@iwosborne.com> wrote: 
> I'm in Beijing now, Seoul Thursday and HK Friday. 
> Current plan is London and Paris for the weekend. I've got to be back in 
> NY late Sunday night to see the Mayor on Monday morning. 
> Let's speak today when you are free. 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> On 1 Nov 2011, at 06:05, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> wehrea re you? i will be in ny thurs, then off to middle east and paris 
****************************************** 
***** ************ 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to <jeevacationegmail.com>jeevacationegmail.com, 
> and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
***it*** ****** ********************** 
****** * ********** 
4111111 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516291 
EFTA02013815

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013816.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
maitoom[jeevacationellgmail.com] Epstein Jeftrey[jeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
on 
9:18:08 PM 
Subject: Fwd: Follow Up-Reputation Changers 
Please see below. 
Sent from my iPhonc 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: October 15, 2012, 4:31:21 PM EDT 
To:' 
Subject: RE: Follow 
Lesley, 
Have you heard back from Jeffrey yet? I want to make sure I get the journalist call 
penciled in for this evening or tomorrow morning if possible. 
Thanks 
Cliff Stein 
Reputation Changer-CEO 
BEST, 
SEARCH 
tOPSEOs 
•EPUT•TION 
MANAGEMENT 
EFTA_R1_00516292 
EFTA02013816

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013817.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 4/11/2011 11:58:50 PM 
will be done at 11.30 am tomorrow from her blood tests and can come past 
then. She had to leave now 
EFTA_R1_00516293 
EFTA02013817

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013818.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013818.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey 
Sent: 
Thur 5/3/2012 9:51:38 PM 
Subject: 
Re: 
Ca r 
EFTA_R1_00516294 
EFTA02013818

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013819.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013819.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Boris Nikolic 
From: 
Jeffrey epste 
Sent 
Thur 10/27/2011 4:18:16 AM 
Free in one hour 
EFTA_R1_00516295 
EFTA02013819

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013820.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013820.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevaca 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
cation@gmail.com] 
0:35 PM 
Dear Jeffrey, 
I am now 80. (Yes. It just takes longer). 
Please get some fast action from your heavy science hitters so I can get moving toward the Nobel committee. 
Stuey 
EFTA_R1_00516296 
EFTA02013820

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013821.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013821.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacation(ggmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation@gman.com] 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent 
Fri 8/10/2012 1:53:17 PM 
Subject Fwd: Fwd: 
fYi 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Cecile de Jongh 
Date: August 10, 2012 8:56:04 AM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
Good morning Rich, 
Yes, I spoke to him about it on his 2nd to last visit. I tried to get him to sign off on the 
invoice but he waved it off and said it was fine. 
Let me know if you need anything else. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 10, 2012, at 8:50 AM, Richard Kahn 
wrote: 
is jee aware of education for 
ing paid from ftc? 
do you want me to mention tohim or ave you done so already? 
please advise 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
10022 
EFTA_R1_00516297 
EFTA02013821
--- PAGE 2 ---
Begin forwi'irded message: 
WIla=
From: Una Pascal < 
Date: August 8, 201
To: Rich 
Hi Rich, 
Hcrc arc my credit card charges for your approval for FTC. 
Antilles School 
10,000.00 
Antilles School 
6,230.00 
Harvard University 
10,000.00 
Office Max 
44.48 
Ralph Lauren.com 
Office Max 
190.36 
<FTC Credit Card Charges 08.08.12.pdf> 
<FTC_ANTSCH_CC2419_08.08.12_$6,230.00 - Copy.pdf> 
<FTC_ANTSCH_CC2419_08.08.12_$10,000.00 - Copy.pdf> 
<Annual Membership June 2012 - $10,000.00.pdf> 
<FTC_OFFMX_CC2419.08.08.12_$105.96.pdf> 
<FTC_OFFMX_CC2419.08.08.12_$190.36.pdf> 
<FTC_OFFMX_CC2419.08.08.12_$195.93.pdf> 
<FTC_RALPH_CC2419_08.08.12_531.96.pdfl 
<FTC_COSTUL_CC2419_08.08.12_$247.66.pdf> 
<FTC_HOMDEP_CC2419_08.08.12_$70.83.pdf> 
EFTA_R1_00516298 
EFTA02013822
--- PAGE 3 ---
<FTC_ICMRT CC2419_08.08.12_$95.47.pdf> 
<FTC_INTELE_CC7816_08.08.12_S897.15_August Stmt.pdf> 
<FTC_FEDX_CC7816_08.08.12_$29.57_1nv.# 8-002-63157.pdt> 
<FTC_FEDX_CC7816_08.08.12J122.71imf.# 8-002-40113.pdf> 
<FTC_ATMOB_CC7816_08.08.12_8349.76.pdf> 
<FTC_SPOEQ_CC7816_08.08.12_$696.00_Inv#21644.pdf> 
<FTC_OFFMX_CC2419_08.08.12_544.48.pdf> 
EFTA_R1_00516299 
EFTA02013823

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013824.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013824.pdf
----------------------------------------
im
Subject: 
e exercise girl is here 
Sent: 
urs ay, December 19, 2013 3:00:09 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516300 
EFTA02013824

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013825.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013825.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
• 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein [jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Sun 5/13/2012 10:01:30 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I leave on friday 18 ,how long u gonna be in paris? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA_R1_00516301 
EFTA02013825

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013826.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013826.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein [mailto: jeeyacation©gmaitcom 
Sent: 
Sunday, March 13, 2011 11:26 AM 
To: 
Paul Tweed; Mike Sitrick 
Subject: Fwd: ATTORNEY-CLIENT PRIVILEGE 
EFTA_R1_00516303 
EFTA02013826

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013827.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013827.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'
y 
in 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
luia2/2011 5:20:24 PM 
Subject: 
says she is available to come any time you want 
EFTA_R1_00516304 
EFTA02013827

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013828.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013828.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Ms 
in 
mail.comueevacation©gmail.comj: jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 1/9/2012 11:54:43 PM 
Subject Re: 
I've spoken with her. She very happy to go, but says the next few days she will be busy with class 
work. We will try for end of the week/weekend. I will let you know when we make plans. 
On Mon, Jan 9, 2012 at 3:33 AM, jeffrey epstein leevacationegmail.com> wrote: 
Please take karMa to babes in toy 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00516305 
EFTA02013828

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013829.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation©gmail.com > 
Received: 
Mon 10 Au 2009 14:48:04 
To: 
Subject: 
. 
EFTA_R1_00516306 
EFTA02013829

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013830.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey epstein 
Sent 
Tue 2/14/2012 12:43:22 AM 
Did you connect with jackie 
EFTA_R1_00516307 
EFTA02013830

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013831.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013831.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To 
do ou want me to t to do 
her.. or just torture her On Fri, Sep 9, 2011 at 2:31 PM, Tancredi Marchiolo 
> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00516308 
EFTA02013831

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013832.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein beevacation@grnail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 2/28/2012 3:18:24 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I sleep early I'm in my job I wake up 5 30 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA_R1_00516309 
EFTA02013832

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013833.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject Re: I really miss you From: jeevacation 
maitcom Tc 
ne more 
week On Wed, Oct 3, 2012 at 4:20 PM, Lola M < 
EFTA_R1_00516310 
EFTA02013833

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013834.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Re: 
ail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Sat 11/19/2011 1:44:49 PM 
I have them 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 19 Nov 2011, at 08:37, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
books for Jacob? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516311 
EFTA02013834

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013835.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013835.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: 
an we speak? I am going to 
leave for paris fri —  
he information contained in this 
communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. 
It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of 
this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_00516312 
EFTA02013835

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013836.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comfjeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevaeationegmail.comueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Gmax 
Sent 
Fri 3/25/2011 12:44:25 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Title: Re: 
+ any news on v work story? + am I rigid not allowed full time employment at 15? 
— Original Message —
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationCegmail.com> 
To: Gmax 
Sent: Fri Mar 25 08:36:38 2011 
Subject: 
are you gettng what you need? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jetty Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawfid. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail tojeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510313 
EFTA02013836

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013837.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeeproject@yahoo.comfieeproject©yahoo.com] 
From: 
JDate 
Sent 
Wed 3/13/2013 12:19:48 AM 
Subject: Open This Now! 
Title: Your New Match from JDate 
Hi edward242E - We found another new match for you! 
is 27 and lives in Clifton, New Jersey, US . 
Want to 
ow more or see- 
photos? Click here! 
*** Who's Checking You Out on JDate? *** 
Click the links below to find out who's favorited you, viewed you and emailed you! 
members have Favorited You 
I members have Viewed You 
I members have Emailed You 
To login and view other matches, do a search or become a Secret Admirer, ti i, 
I:1 C. 
********************* ***** ADvERnsEmENT************************************ 
Ready for Love? Take Dr. Janet Pace's relationship-readiness quiz and find out! 
ADvERTisEmENT************************************ 
To stop receiving New Matches at jeeproject@yahoo com, please Update Your Email Preferences. 
Copyright 
2013 Spark Networks' USA, LLC. AM rights reserved 
Privacy Policy I Contact Us 
JDATE IS OWNED AND OPERATED BY SPARK NETWORKS USA, LLC 
8383 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD, SUITE 800 1 BEVERLY HILLS. CA 90211. USA 
SPARK NETWORKS USA. LLC DOES NOT CONDUCT BACKGROUND CHECKS ON THE 
MEMBERS OR SUBSCRIBERS OF THIS WEBSITE. 
EFTA_R1_00516314 
EFTA02013837

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013838.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Rich & Darren are here! 
Sent: 
Wednesday. May 1. 2013 5:37:36 PM 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516316 
EFTA02013838

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013839.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacationellgmail.com] Jefffrey Epstein[jeevacation@gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 10/20/2011 6:22:44 PM 
Subject: Woody's show-tix held at box office 
please see below: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Melissa Tomjanovich 
Date: October 20 2011 2:20:39 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
I 
I'm sorry, I thought you were told, Jeffrey's tickets will be held at the box 
office at the theater in his name and I'm not involved with the theater and seating 
so I'm afraid I don't know where he's sitting but they are sure to be great! Boris' 
party passes wilt be at the party, Bryant Park Grill. All the best, Melissa 
On Oct 20, 2011, at 2:16 PM, 
'rote: 
Hey Melissa...Jeffrey is asking if he needs actual tickets for 
tonight...and is wondering where he is sitting...? I have the invitation 
you sent, but we never rec'd actual tickets. Let me know! 
Thanks, 
EFTA_R1_00516318 
EFTA02013839

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013840.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmail.cornueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Steve Hanson 
Sent 
Thur 4/28/2011 4:13:42 PM 
Subject: Re: I think ur back nyc 
Ok. III call u fri am also 
Sent from Steve Hanson's Blackberry 
Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail transmission and any file or previous e-mail attached to it is intended to be 
viewed only by the party to which it is addressed and may contain valuable business information that is 
confidential and/or otherwise protected from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended 
recipient you are hereby notified that any review, disclosure, dissemination or use of any of the information 
contained in or attached to this transmission is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Thank you for your cooperation. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Steve Hanson 
Sent: Thu Apr 28 12:01:46 2011 
Subject: Re: I think ur back nyc 
call sunn„ im not bakc until then 
On Thu, Apr 28, 2011 at 11:31 AM, Steve Hanson < 
wrote: 
U free fri or this weekend ? 
Sent from Steve Hanson's Blackberry 
Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail transmission and any file or previous e-mail attached to it is intended to be viewed 
only by the party to which it is addressed and may contain valuable business information that is confidential and/or 
otherwise protected from disclosure under applicable law. If you arc not the intended recipient you are hereby notified 
that any review, disclosure, dissemination or use of any of the information contained in or attached to this transmission 
is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Thank you for your cooperation. 
* **************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_00518319 
EFTA02013840
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516320 
EFTA02013841

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013842.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Fri 4/6/2012 1:39:36 PM 
Subject: 
Meeting with Brock 
Brock sent me a message saying perhaps he could meet with you on the 12th or morning of the 
13th. He is leaving on the 13th. 
Below is the current schedule I have for you for these 2 days. 
Please don't feel obliged to see him on my behalf. 
April 12, Thursday 
Brian Boyd's workshop at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Studies on April 12-14 
11:00 Conf. Call w/J 
nd Darren. Dial In: 
International Dial In: 
Conf. Code: 9167070757#
4:30 Wheels Up to NY 
7:30ish Arrival to NY (rough estimate given to me by Larry) 
7:38 
to arrive LGA on Delta #1548 
8:15 
to arrive WA via Jet Blue #364 
April 13, Friday 
Mark Lloyd in NY today, Washington 14/15' 
*** Rich Kahn back in the office today"" 
"'Brock Pierce to depart NY today" 
11:45 Appt w/Dr. Weidenbaum, 30 Minute Appt (Take All Paperwork, ID, Money, la 
gton Ave, 2" Floor 
12:30ish Meet Karyna a 
I (Dr. Lichtenthal's Office: 630 W. 168th Street between Broadway & 
Ft. Washington) Karyna: 
3:30 Appt w/Dr. Magnani (Take I-Pod!) One Hour Appt. 
W. 51st Street. 7th Floor 
between 5'" and 6'" 
EFTA_R1_00516321 
EFTA02013842

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013843.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
v 
in
mil.
m' v 
i n 
mil. m • 
ff 
in eevacation@gmail.com] 
Cc: 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 9/20/2011 10:03:41 AM 
Subject.• 
Re: 
Off course,I am sorry, I should have changed after the park 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 20 Sep 2011, at 05:45, Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacationlagmail.com> wrote: 
I would appreciate it, that you w'Lls dress for business this week„ last night was 
not helpfull„ 
in flp flops, 
in dirty jeans, sorry 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510322 
EFTA02013843

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013844.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Re: From: jeevac " 
Ill help in any way i can On 
Fri, Jun 1, 2012 at 8:57 AM, 
wrote: 
yes xuxu .i never fell better ,i just got some time here in france and time 
alone for myself ,and i was thinking about my life ...and now I decided that I 
'11 focus 
more 
than ever 
in my work 
because I want to 
a 
successful . 
not 
want more 
parties and 
tanning , I decide 
that I will 
work hard and 
achieve what 
I want. beijos my lover Date: Fri, 1 Jun 2012 
07:52:44 -0400 Subject: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: 
you ok? 
**********************************************
.
M.
information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-
client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA_R1_00516323 
EFTA02013844

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013845.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Boris Nikolic 
From: 
jeffrey epstein 
Sent 
Mon 10/24/2011 11:24:16 AM 
Ask bill how the calculation changes, if in addition to their hourly wage ,the 
laborers that he postulated. to calculate output,
 also bought stock early in a 
foreign based dot com , that has now appreciated tenfold. How would he calculate 
funds available for their use. Or even GDP . Or would he consider the shares of 
stock , a sort of plow/tool 
Bases 
EFTA_R1_00516324 
EFTA02013845

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013846.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013846.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmaitcompeevacationagmail.comi: Jeffrey Epsteinbeevaeation©gmaii corn] 
From: 
David Stem 
Sent 
Mon 1/31/2011 3:03:23 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I will see you then! Let me know if i should stay longer to see Jes etc. 
All the best from Beijing 
On 31 Jan 2011, at 14:52, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
yes 
On Mon, Jan 31, 2011 at 9:52 AM, David Stern
 wrote: 
Will you be in NYC on February 17 - 19 ? 
(I will be in Dallas on February 14 - 16 to meet IBM and HP, in case there someone you 
want me to meet in Dallas) 
***** ****************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to leevacationOsmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516325 
EFTA02013846

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013847.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
• 
v 
in 
mil om[jeevacation@gmail.com] Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Sun 12/9/2012 11:58:58 AM 
Subject 
Re: 
Done , waiting for reply 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 8, 2012, at 9:39 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ask 
if she wants to come to island 12 -18 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516327 
EFTA02013847

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013848.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
m 
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
Tuesday, May 8, 2012 7:42:29 PM 
EFTA_R1_00516328 
EFTA02013848

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013849.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation©gmail.cont Jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 4/5/2011 6:32:21 PM 
Subject: Re: Hind Alowais 
ok, I will leave it alone! thanks 
On Apr 5, 2011, at 8:31 PM, Jeffrey epstein wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00516329 
EFTA02013849

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013850.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013850.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Re: Eva-request for staff house in PB 
itcompeevacationagmail.comi: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.comj 
Wed 3/14/2012 8:01:17 PM 
There is an extra room in staff house no one uses. (3 rooms total in staff house) If they wanted to 
use the kitchen, it could be a bit crowded. Janusz said last time Eva's staff stayed there they used 
the kitchen quite often. 
On Mar 14, 2012, at 3:21 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@,gmail.com> wrote: 
is there space? 
Forwarded messa e 
From: Lesley Groff 
Date: Wed, Mar 14, 2012 at 2:46 PM 
Subject: Re: Eva-request for staff house in PB 
To: 'effre a stein <'eevacati n 
mail 
m> 
Cc: 
I will let Eva know you would like to speak to her about this 
On Mar 14, 2012, at 2:46 PM, jeffrey epstein wrote: 
> Talk to me 
> Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
> On Mar 14, 2012, at 1:40 PM, Lesley Groff ‹
> wrote: 
>> Eva is asking if it would be possible for one of the Dubin's staff members to stay in the 
staff house in PB on March 23rd and 24th.. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_00518330 
EFTA02013850
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516331 
EFTA02013851

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013852.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013852.pdf
----------------------------------------
jeevacationegmail.compeevacation 
mail.com Har Beller! 
jeevacationeggmail.compeevacation©gmail.cont
Cc: 
Barrett. Paul S 
To: 
Giuffrida, David 
J 
F 
. 
Sent 
Tue 8/2/2011 12:31:37 AM 
Subject: Financial Trust MTMs 
Financial Trust MTM 01Auultadf 
Haze Trust MTM 01Aug11.pdf 
Jeffrey and Harry, 
Please find attached today's updated MTM report. 
Let me know if you have any questions. 
Amanda Ens 
J.P.Morgan I Global Investment Opportunities Group 
W 57th Street, 33rd Floor, New York, NY 10019 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax 
matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in 
connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 
This is not an official confirmation. 
EFTA_R1_00516333 
EFTA02013852
--- PAGE 2 ---
JPidor=at Pnvale Bad: a the marketing nat 
the Favn bunns ~wca tenderte& ty 1PLIcirgan eine *c Co , 
and its entydrain worande 1194oriax Mare BaSc. N. A aad 
Moren Trast Co.. N. A ila staken of the PDIC. 1.P. 
Morian Starte; 
OPMS0 s a RIM be r of the Me York Sipt k B reka, ud ot* r latinsk ard n "intal trckups. .IPMSI 
a the brokindentr. staber NASD. SIPC. Ix &daler. IPMariaa Clart & Co. »y opent. !trioar oker Inntatt», 
or 
nve stae atadvirory e alner . 
eke folioen' is Ming yrovided kr tatoraatioral tarsen niy arid/or ix »pora b you nuen. lafornatioa «tland La OS 
assup an au anoianniai da uer nano*. auladiag bai lot band b aay mua». marker villaens. snaut 
coantation cak Union or infusa». i beinved b be Maia. lat et do not «tran is tos pletten or uran y. °pinn 
udesisar matta ou Minen an an rant t lo c katt radon anke. Part perforert,» s rot iadicalen of ti tta, [Mb. 
Tkii Kanin S sit anoded ar ut offer or stilk latin for ne y an kre or ale of uy final 
bi nne at. /b koke sdealin 
amVor thea asiats and tia play» »y bida y:innaor ac t a; sinket saker ia at filmet al nitimen; of an iss yr nenne' 
kna or n a; ude norn r. plirt stat ap at. adviror cc lener io rock ssrr. Vanna pro vind riflut pr» einnesa oa the 
dat(s) ryt ila& fl art aler b nar official ratnittaticoafina tara We tunt pr rane mkt dat nat yrtet mal not be
&nikka *Stylten ud ramm nat snerti vantroa fron one r sont 
be °band for the >unn of atakiag »vånd 
rak dann. tapt prins arid &Sicilia d yields aa Inn apox »tenk »arak ud %n ou be aci uranus mkt aen prins 
or nila na be nake& The ~abc» 
and the anna 
sakt. Giftar& or mat set, 
utlading Mini fim& an not 
tipsis ad an in obbtations d, ar enda-sed ar ~nen 
tv, an brik or thea. in as they innad kri the IDIC ar 
ay gercennental ,encs? 
Pkt» cnatt YOUTIPliforgat Private Bank npronnise fa Surtier allraa aten ar re" attra any trannilon 
'Må deformation is fr  Me sole nr of the pIt4O" b bfall it ss aktsamt and an be oriribard and confulantial. Ap mr. 
&anato+c or thiptication bp ane orket than øre arktrsur• is prolabited. ff pm terrin this innror. please mo«, the smirt 
~idiot* and renn * by mai!. O 2COS IPLiorpit Oast & Co. 
EFTA_R1_00516334 
EFTA02013853

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013854.pdf
----------------------------------------
GI 
Global Investment 
Opportunities 
Group 
Account Position 
Summary 
.04•43 2.....— ..• c4... ....... ... 
Popered 1~ 0044, iel 0.11 ol /042.1 1. 2011 
On..flrllaCaYryr.b1 
WAM 
HM 
wOND 
141512 
3011.110 
IMIAS 
lID0f0 
415 
v1000 
D24.1 
4115CAn 
e Mat 
P M.4 . 4. 
Mol. 1.1.C. 
"DJ 
I11 
141C 
AV4nD 
.024 
vloiry 
1.44...00 
4145 
~e« 
nep 
lememod mam% 
ene... mee 
me 
com
. m......4 
cummt som 
cm /.... 
c...........4. 
ms. o.... 
iq*, 
men 
emor./....., 
11.144541 
12•144 Ople 
am 
iem. 
Mam 
11~111.455 IVIO/ 
Neme 
mem..... 
. 
ma 
4534 
44.3.1 
alf/1 
4425 
213.4141 
nsurn 
**een
140
1104.140 
uID 
10244 304 
124.11 
12321 
innn 
e ZO» 
.04001 
1.3019 
254828 
13~11 
14.10.13 
af 
4.1204“0 
M.1> 
14020 0]0 
144~13 
MIA 
441 
441 
40441 
40 
51.4113 
41.4.41 
114~13 
Oef 
3.014.000 
550 
1.01:0203 
3.1.34 13 
6.4I 
• 34.1* 
441 
.40112) 
tin 
S 
'ta,. 
OM. Menton ~mem Mr. to 1000 
51a 0.4 
a. 
°mee Mem 
5•11)/ Dele 
0520~ 
, 40 1
hl* 
Y'" 
Y]
50154 
Curtioy 1 
OIO 
1"."' 
00040 
......... 
00.43/ 
e.......en„pnp. 
m.m.. ‘e., 
Pp... n o. 
. 
II 
Mi. BI 
530.1 
1431 
10.0»030 
115 P400 
CAD 
Ca 
.1111411 .0 
3440% 
5491174 54 
4410 
140+11 
13~1: 
540 
II 
U11 
OOM POO 
MOM 
C30 
Ni 
1:041.113• n 
411//211 
111011 
.11511.13/25 
0.34 
Ope• 1. 00100 1~5 0 1000 
• 
emes. c.... 
t.e..., 0.. 
0......... 
Ti. 
14.4.~ WI 
15.-4.5 
Tim,. 
L..... 
.3,,,,~ 
m.m.., 
00, 00 
(...,...• 
m........... II, 
m.m... 
C..........• ter.0, 
Mm3 004,43.14 0~00 Don o ~Iet 
01101 
0./o U...
4300 43
,..,......., 
o
l
om 12/4) 
1, 
cr
,:„ 
Cownfey 
1402 In 0/ 
Cw0441 op • 2~005 1115.0/ 
11~10 
2542411 
030140.41141 
11.501000 
41111700 
USO 
1074 
414)0 
I 
2.4.441 
np...pNJ1w. •••••• n p Pelmtic 
0440 24.4 
m.m., 
e...• a.....5 
em... 
''''',,tw 
tm. 
m. 
1....mm 
<5.....i mn 
Cm..44, 
Cm.m.m 
em.. tm 0... 
r1°4 
Ono e.... 
c.......2145 Gongs. MA) 
45.5l0 
24~n 
344 
mimen Mes 
410.940.003 
10201000 
OIO 
lOA1 
MA 
4141.444.4 
WOK. 
103.30 
/VO 
150.10 
01~1044 
4410:4 lalsOns I 
.1.2442.413 
3211200 
141 
VID 
440404 
411 
1151200.0, 
10421 
112N 
401.143 
51.0“ 10 
140c43054 
C4C. 
••••• tam 
41.1.1010 
Inwon 
121 
1.110 
434\ 
VA 
111.1001 
11303 
4143 
1311.110) 
1412.141 
1504.-2053 
km11455.. Me« 
42.44.2.910 
1.510.015 
p> 
int! 
I C00% 
340 
115101.11 
411540 
11025 
354.314
5~10 
114.020.5 
1110. 
tod Moa Con 
.510054 
201.034 
322 
U10 
I 003% 
Ha 
111411y 
470 
000 
OP 
2100310 
011493014 
Ik 
CO Moa me 
44743.0M 
3.040.0:0 
3.93 
VID 
0.01\ 
01411011 
124127710 
MI* 
10) CO 
3/10.311 
11~11 
4110 .»1 
110.4.0r. Ia I 
-1251101 
1500203 
390 
1112 
Ten% 
0101.»12 
SM.103 11 
10441 
MI90 
',G" 
1744....0 
02.440.2.117 
U. 
Cie Mae ha 
1120404( ONV. 
44.012.930 
1404040 
010 
USO 
7303% 
0101.7012 
1410277.311 
PM) 
100.13 
474.024. 
0-0014 
1521K-2035 
4314000 
M.0:4030 
AAS 
eMet 
SO 
1.5410 
14.5(0 
4..3 0. Mw. 
itsim.11 
01/403.....s 
1.14 
41011.000 
3.0340M 
5.39 
USO 
aan% 
MIMI' 
1117/911 
1.12.73 
10309 
0.149 
4M11 
Pppet00 
SP 
Pl Cap 3.301414 
4241540) 
3.500.400 
*15 
MO 
3444% 
0100100 
114154 50 
42100 
1141 
M.m. 
142~0 
Peopop 
104141.0 Ch1“ .11(413111 
1101003 
114 
VID 
1100% 
441000111 
MUM11 
I04 .n 
10720 
1404 
1~40 
Prpelua1 
0411. 
rome. Oor 421010100 
3.1030» 
U10 
I14\ 
04.1070.0 
131/14 le 
1401 
10720 
»174 
194041e 
Peprime• 
40. 
Armer PIM 4137544 
4000030 
3.11 
1110 
/100% 
~OIO» 
sston» 
10154 
10720 
154se 
1MLII 
5.0055.• Cao 7, 41,430.4 
15004.400 
OM 
en0 
11»1 
~11011 
14049.• 
MAO 
4420 
/045 
op., ri.34 lama eila•414MaMul 
j
..,._.
.,
run 
T..2. n,.. 
/.2,,,,, 
2.,.. 
004/41yoq 
' t  UW' 
c 4 
Of e Pass. 
...etim mm. 
Gummi, 
ramen 
Cm... m.s.. e..• 
• 
0~411.4 
4d 1.400 
Ponem 1102 
11/41) 
ry
4•00110 
14.3~13 
22% 
120 
H40A4 
1.0000323 
MH 
NO 
Pf 0 
1142.500.00 
10001 
1434 
1120500 
SOOW 
251401 
1)1~0 
22~11 
15% 
36151. 
11003.030 
3.000401 
1144 
V10 
113* 
114740000 
1001 
1001 
IPSO 
1~111 
MMO 
14% 
3•X 
51000020 
3.001030 
1254 C 
Ulf3 
010314 
13111124 
14001 
141 
110.113 
1$0•51) 
4~12 
29% 
ut 
11.000.0“ 
120024» 
114 
USO 
1100014 
»37 
13.77/74 
144 
m5.10 
KMI 
Oom. hom, Melen Mia et. en....m. 
.2
2.0. ) 
OnMemea 
....4. 0.0 
NOoray 
1411 Ooi, 
Ceppo 
Po Whre 
a^ 
way 
eumscr 
c..r... 
e.... 2.0 .2.2“. 
"ns ' 
Omm.a 
k..., i...,, 
2.n... 3...• ummtme .100/ 
/01/004 
33.04.3010 
244 
Cor., Ups 
3200 
/ nenpel 
USO 
IS" 
93.0.1.11 
loom 
17.34 
"4.1" 
01~10 
0100201 
Or4'.4 Km 64..4~ 
St 
at«. 
~om, (Wim 
VIO 
MI 
NA 
1112221$ 
Ie 
441 
154+00 
904.40 
0100400 
wem km Coseal.Mron
% 
41403 
104P•o... 000 
VIO 
4.711 
111 
0442503 
14.57 
4744 
S 
035.477) 
134•••11 
Orpetm. 
A- 
Leder WO Pk 
ltrA 
••••••••I 
11/41 
1114/011 
samen 
nu 
2114 
44311 
OPof 2...........nwhe. mama 
em 
emf 
124122 
eme.. !mam 31..44............ 
AS M4n 
„ ad. i>„ •., 
"1014
41•0. 
°
D •
tr) 
W414•1010, 
lartS~ 
shmm 
Nm 
Spoed 0~ 
amm.m. 
...me 
vorm) vam 
linditotry 
Int" Irlke 
.C.....nel hl. 
4.3301.054 0001 
IS 
II 
le, 
11~1 
Mee 
Wel,
111.0 
ML 
4311 
41m4 
af 
441.41 
1/2102 3 
rthoOffry 
Opa, 10•1 11•43.4 1.... 0 n , 3...
4.1, 
41) 
011~ Ott ponnen. 1•00 401000t 
e 
3011 Cleod ~Oom CseAuf 5 
I 
• 
2I4 
3011 030•1 ~ton, 
.03~140 
3010 04.0 p.0140 0+0144* 
I 
1.114 
mem priem... cm...... 
134 1• 
EFTA_R1_00516335 
EFTA02013854
--- PAGE 2 ---
Account Position Summary 
FP. Mown Securities Lit 
GIO 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Cum.. 99 • Ceataa4Ity Meg 
MGM 
1924 
ICAIJUSO 
141991 
EOPPUSCI 
74) 
USW,' 
1 
ATUSD 
1791116 
100050 
CODS 
EURUSD 
WM 
WOW 
4S4DS 
WOO 
7515 
LISOCA13 
09543 
AVOW> 
1404 
U500704 
ilia 
thier....1 /ha 
DIN 
SIM 
EIS? 
4SAS 
4420 
1.2321 
1,1121 
0 
...Y. 
:IMO' 
Q%1 
Mal 
II7 
67A24 
17/.147 
1716742 
MAN 
232.$2.1 
Vet Pato 
Men 
ea4Nrrt 
SIM 
.......a. 
I a. 
LW. 
Contract Span 
Contr.* 
Rat. 
Roman. Rate 
' "'" C'''' 
r
...
DK ICI 
bittar•II 
MA 
2T4O 
Av 
Z07. COMO 
14.11 
47409 
5144 
KOS 
414.11 
150.c.10 
III447,1I 
MID 
1.570000 
WV 
206,799.709 
14µ1'•1I 
Ella 
Re IS% 
5555 
44.4.71 
/446-I1 
14416.41 
040 
twat= 
WY 
106.470.030 
1444411 
Ill) 
5144 
eloS 
44466.11 
15444 .19 
1).4911 
INA 
IISPA07.000 
USO 
9.947.979 
144.9'11 
4615 
45.755 
15174.11 
154tb II 
lab/ma 
Mg 
497.030.000 
1.9.).)47 
II Marl. 
4545 
15 
SI4A46-II 
Wag. si 
liatrit 
560 
6.133.50) 
USD 
S.034003 
liana' 
12679 
12547 
SlaIFII 
91471 
144/ 6/611 
ND 
&MOOD 
USD 
4.070.003 
II16146 It 
Ill 
11503 
11414, 11 
4411 
1494411 
GA" 470.•• 
12.041.924 
1.50 
MA00 
000 
On 
IR Ft I I 
MOM 0 Ortmal contrail Cant*. 
442.345 
.II. Yam. Y.. MY Is IN restebni Pa Mr thayMIL. Pa n......../.0.1 
by Al 447•46,C6nr SC,. and le Karoo es mortlerat II linomnOvie Us. Ha me I3 minim r.s. Co NA 7. /.666berse. N FOPC 
'Ana., 
Mum. v. I$50 pa ....h. alb. Ism yen ya 4........ 0.4 op. Lor....1 2-4 .94,212,2“2-2" Mitt sew Fe no dnief. MOW+ 10/40 PK ...K. 
~non Chao 4 44 nye c.o.s..* ...,44.• a.. I a at2,0•41es ct ktrnaen woe., 
MAY 
TM Io *awe 6 ten, it7.7•4 Yr •-76+.647.6II twftarl 0.7 .'Oa . fn.. 
WM/ a... 
Plornanon con... In this ........ 
ra ,...................... 
.......9 Pe nag .674 le 4.6 •ememo,,ra-,221.21.nitam vainveni• 
tenronanr, ...1.1.4en a am 
.• ...... 
am.. Ito y 4., 471 ....... in ceripsen. *au," °poor. ordli mr............4 
,..horrt mta 2.• lt,ICI 
so nary. 77.... ban I. 
........ 
a Lai rek sa v• a I 1.2.1 
pmaL 2. 2 ,222. 2 .2 .2 444 r und22 n  0 , 0/... by.... 
Ito a...n.... 
to, pi an. fa.. 
........... 7.1 brow awn MY. M. Oblati .10 ...... 
LIM MO 4 N.Y. 
bomer.tet mown... Irae44. earamots 011r, 4.07 
ann. hwy. .............. 
ile 4.471 are •Stsers kowin147•0 4141 67447iwnpromeentAini Mw On lame en OW Pahl .7,6664 
New nhey Wpm .... /......may..... 
W......../....a illy 4/.................11•1*......... 
Mafia 0.4.....Y..........................a. 
..p n ........y............ 
...... 
all....... 
.....110.11...,  .............../........................ 
lye pan so Limon bra... 
Ile oulloseo66766 low 66,6••• tag otle....666.646.6•4 ntLang maw/ l,ah. none dn.:4m ac al a• .al 
00...... et to ineyd v ..........4 O. ..... 0.00...t Lo. ea Ma bent 1 IM /OK a' yi.M.....al nen. 
/•••• Maga ppal. l•PIWI 
map
 OVA ',reenter... bean .Lama.. rebram ry Lamy ly 
The hoc....ey 4134 Pe ..b uu. M p pap wen.. ...............r. 
Il• inky. ma l am6110.1•1 •A f GAO. ........ 
6...... 
by yam Ow ay tho.1........bity 
re .........d. 
P. W.I. 011.1IP may P. ye. 
1........y 
"pm by 
191.11 fl ap. aye • 0 
EFTA_R1_00516336 
EFTA02013855
--- PAGE 3 ---
Account Position Summary 
P. Sloroan Sewell*, ICC 
GIO 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Prepared for TmAnoAl Inn' 
As of *.gust 1,1011 
Penal MC • Commodlly Ma 
MGM 
19.N 
4.4.1.A.PD 
10991 
0030 
I40 
IWOWY 
772 
X17USD 
179146 
MUSD 
1.24.5 
flIalS0 
4256 
V5040 
456SS 
1.50(.0 
40115 
Vitae 
09541 
AMMO 
ON 
WIDS•a< 
S Ma 
mut 
t 
r."0
rul 
Ondiewl 
Unwind 
44444444 WW1 
Wade Date. 
ExpWy 
Lyon 
0. mila, 
Commodity 
lin 
Nottonal tar) 
SI! • • 
CV !POMMY 
Tn. 
WI.o,u  
Pwr,,nium 
Preenken IS) 
Preen:von 
17Way 1 
110.010 
• an 
I 
Pour 
NT 
OW 
30000 
100 
VW 
Put 
Wall 
.SMOCO.03 
1730 
Sluit.l. 
ITMAYT 1 
"WI N  
TM 
CM 
10000 
100 
010 
Put 
IiMat.11 
.1225.00103 
WM 
55.003 
740411 
14.14.411 
Dour 
WV 
C41 
10.007 
sa 
no 
Out 
4210.0.30 03 
.11.0) 
WIN 
403.00) 
7.1•4411 
1110 01  
4od 
WTI 
Cwi 
&WOO 
100 
010 
Put 
110.000.03 
12.10 
(11 
74•4-11 
141• 4" 
14.41 
vim 
Pvt 
10.010 
Call 
Oat 13 4 71 
1111.000.03 
52.10 
10130 
1n.000 
&1a* 
7446011 
SW 
WTI 
tut 
100.000 
..151) 
OM 
0.444.y.11 
1434.00010 
14.10 
NW 
/WM 
04144 44 ,44. 14Y Ootton4 
n40. 
S 
tAi 
91. sacr .90i. kw 
4•WwwW•Ow Arne ler en omen [snug wines rondad ty inhydan Own. 4 Co. end m Mums. 
twee.** 
114, 944 0 , wellw.. 4.4 OW IP WTOWN Tts C.. NA 41•• ,......(
4,.. gat 0. WIPP 
%Kw., W. UMW lea inarfer. of *.• New WA WWI OiNnip Ind YTS rams Ind reins intheadn PWASI a Me Mole *Ow mentor,  NASD. 100 In AddItlen1WWWwen Gar • C• mproW,W•te nine.. We WAS tilm 
a warren, 
merry new 
feautuuttoweg 4444100 Pe IP*0114.10.0111.00091.10.0, et 
in entree *nee levni utooresestmatoued in oututumut awd oti attewww. tonauw.wes. 5•41.4.0 ea rot 4. 440 55 Ow utwatt‘ mule 'ripe 
vottwen5 
tennwawn. mioaser• sr ninon 
is Sewn. M Mr retWit. W nu b me owlet iti oendiftene• 
Or 
4.474.ut dew tos wpm toounp adPnt rutsce IN Paii.nrden el noUrd.M. , olUse• 
.....n. rmu uust:a it tut ommt44 wain 
tottautt IV 844.44054. attuvet ow 44•4441.4uPwww. n.i....•
•••••.• .....
6.M..1" ...1...1...0. r
.  n ' 01.14 • 0.1" 1...
.“ ...R.. ' Sean
 S.  n""""'S‘P"'""dery'rne 
Kuslad /wens its tirdwyelly. annul 
Spat Whena kinder le wet Muer. Vidallienemondrd mini mho mileana on On dwegli Weeded, 
Own Wm to SW •ffitis tuusvoutanwnw 
We urwet pat••••043.44tertot town would 4011)•1.44.6. ettavAittOatul lopte...3 qua ...no wiumill0n rron SOW Womb. obededd kr Me porns etuttcut woo.5.1 takawitr• Crgst 
own Ind Sol CVOS. 34044 an Madura raged, Peatiflli /MI 3101an t•Ple seiral pit bear swim co tee an la roast 
nu Swan 
W We tetwitlessofel °Mend w mien,, at legiadepg -WI Nay w• not dewing Menrol 
newpi,c04 O. or embryo., rens& 
or. any bra er Mod1,50. en WWI 0. 1. 16/ ...CPC.", 
00........
019 0 .1,
Oak • co la I pro I r 
Wpm rr.... tate •••••••Milic• kw me. Piks'eaSCP. OP M0.41.8 a......POWP 
TM aftnneldn . kr WA wee w• of thre ',moo Is Von al It Arkfraea4 Awl mot a fl awed SW cerfidentri. OM a. SNOWS. it ealpralpon *nen 
site, ow w adelvms••• wehbaret V pea noon 11* nor., Owe nobly to wed.. 
Pose, wai., NS PeCYPIN .1 by sail 
to fl it PLIPP.I. Owe • CO 
EFTA_R1_00516337 
EFTA02013856
--- PAGE 4 ---
9C£91100—L8Thild3 
11131111 
DiffififflififfififfIfIff fill 
iilififf trash l'i
ai, 
..1 II liflif,lif if- I .iff-f I-2 is fi „ iill'ffifil !Yid 
IP -1 
ff f t x I II 
I. I lict4 ifoli 
" fi 'tic 
I ; 1,  I II
„II 
; 
if c, 
I 
if, ,c. 
I t 
ci
t 
-F 
I.- 
I I 
II 
Ilt-1 
I - -I 
P1111111111tilleilititi--111110AllibOthildil'illiat
iE 
ff
i 
. ist i
l
f 
f
f. 
iEzia 
irTiSliiSi5I EfloEsIES;t2,iSEiE-E$IoafifiggElfESEMiffoiSEIS35;i2FilfEr. 5i
SESSEI 
titatitISSUS $$$$$$ 
Stlittikeitt*Mitni 22222 4*1$137SilieStbitillieSSYSSICVS, SUItSU7s 77* 
Inn itSli 
VISIMEIISSiCt Sri; 1 35!fiVS9iff EitvEigt5ts;IISIE;l5VolfirelppiiEScioSlifolE/MEISZEfiforritlilerrillEt 
leemilimosist/eittotioltiallmout!t4Issimigsilmiegsgifintoti=iistilitsiast 
111 
igi 
tli 
EFTA02013857
--- PAGE 5 ---
JO 
Global Investmont Opportunities 
Acoaunt Position Summary 
Group 
—.1—a. 
an 
seam 
torso 
01•10 
. .10 
Lean 
Ts) 
W. 
coma 
on' IS 
Brew. 
t... — 
' — 
...,..,.. 
Cemarfaq *owe Gs•aan 
•-••••••••tt....s..... 
a
ushj 
• 
a yieurx...., ... 
101 
• 
.. 
f 
AVAIMWAL 
AMMIZSIVIIIIIMenallia 
ItIlltittelICSAIWITAIIIII 
Onumereaom eta 
EFTA_R1_00516339 
EFTA02013858
--- PAGE 6 ---
Account Position Summary 
P. Pao
-gam Secs., i I ...• LL C 
GIO 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
0.1.a .-. I., . .......i • x ..........- 
Prsopand lot F ma. is I it us I as 01 Asp vst 1 1011 
• 
6t60SMIwlO01 PM.* 
04010 
5610 
MMUS° 
NIPS' 
6•01.50 
165 
MOPS 
714 
XPIIISO 
179115 
004110 
MUSD 
I AZ% 
USLICLI 
45445 
USOCIlf 
01955 
II50CI0 
0000 
AUOVS0 
IMP 
11566009 
S364$ 
—S 
bxd. Dale 
IN tturay 
SIP ItOtifig 
Cenep•ny 
I's Van 
Shwa,. 
in ehn try 
c...„.,„ 
co-von 
Clot• Out 
!OAS I Don 
Deo 
tain•d 
„.. 
1.1.WW4 
get, L 
itr.,,, 
(pawl,.. .x150)
14.1.1..10 
17. 1a:0 12 
pµ 
SPX 
4S9C0,000 
SMUG) 
WM 91 
050 
9NOM 
1.44ar. I 1 
14.00 
10000 
11960 
S 
10S.003 
%0010 
a Per Nil 
ZS% 
PK 
110[0.0” 
100.090 
I i n 
Il100% 
Ilivis II 
1191.11131 
10090 
111.10 
sum 
Cioipd Mast• G410.1,0•1 
$ 
I IM 000 
'LP Maw PINS Mr 
Is We 
eliflos0r0 Sao IS IP* fl
ails beam bsonesSOPOA149 10 4P. Moron Osas• • Co. W 0 *ASP. et vese10410t AP. laknison Chase WA. NA rd 1 is iikress Trull CO. NA ore osevisso 01000C IP Yaw 
Nit. Ma 
• 4 ...On' 
Pas. , XP'S SNP SOPPIP Sail ere nose*, w0r.yW/.Npr 
MIMI nnlimitarelealle ......... week WC II asgidlo" 10111V0intlYw • C6 flag totrase...e.“trote.0•Oin et Frog0.01 
4,MAIII. 
Iellesay Is Sins 0.04004110. Wilirs.190,14 piPOCOSAPPo Inekre In mon* le you 00µM1 •40400.40 40.41, aid 05 Ina P.N. India, sista oattOns dicasase000% .0040 PI b1 PP MINS Piro itses.th. Pail Nslatiec#& slItlatenti 
coNi.s.1401.0.6*/*P,InsIIPPet .. bp iir AS ION Most. %Pen 00 MI ~MN IN asninsPaiss isSts.mx Ostr.su an$ ss•Pssnes <en nap o. SoSensoi pro re Nation to ~Is 
...h0,1 WO,  PPP NO.,^Mn. 4. 4 . 4'.'.....
0,0* 
al% Ilse nmAstle. Pros mrsenter <Po 44445TH Oa Ow parchass to We el 10 %%nog oresponeni The Wow Oan sn4sp. 0.0.#1,44. seri rebore espy MM a softtes vs at os rein Nan PIN Iliad 
rsessnesos a/ wry Suss 
tunnwei hoes, et An a • wear rem. , fax ...pont prop. paw so hypes as pen Sat V.kaas crsvespi '.Ise pen ea main tA no 4•8•91s0pnAga 
sill saw toys 0144 NaPassasssef ...PAP. M. EsPent wort*. shots...Mont pea ',NNW not S. ausis05 ~ors 
snd suggetb 0Pt Nip* vskotans Pr tee in.... by Mauro., Mx Po pepase cohnsCrg Nexesd uni•Lisix ?awl 
0,44,IP4 ~ONO TIES. ant %NW ..c,  ,II/S4.1,410...M•11, 4**C•A be rem.010On OW Max pikes Or 54 Nes tan Ns mind II% elagaSkAs ard Pp ortwiret "AL csItrxtd. <4 npennexSed Ni IlAtry "awl *ea an 151 ato••• al •••• ma 
PCPs prank, sis gurries4 ow rs 44.• coth-1.11. era .we Hey aturell000 MX es dm 110•InS~ .pp, 
issue yew A P....,- MOM LW ',Demean...Oa Idler Menaden co ruVOr9 Ins psnpnan 
Is0PoPPIA XX. Pe PPP tAS NW nen. la sPsIssi XX 0 .0...4...... 
WS OsX0.0t0 ..0 minions, a"... troasvi. ressepasnatveroosse /es Pe Wine* Is proaosst ie piu mon Its harem, piny tool, ex satyr 
•••••000/ sriO Muni 4 Mewl 
SO NM IfIllespn Ow X Ca 
EFTA_R1_00516340 
EFTA02013859
--- PAGE 7 ---
Account Position Summary 
P. 0.10)44 Sel%/014.4 lit 
GI   
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Prop...4 for rmAno.s1 trust As 41 41wgost 1. 2011 
0•4411101 • 40eminsely robe 
MA01.50 
ION 
X4 1.A110 
1111.94 
COMM) 
I61 
VSOPV 
772 
MUSD 
179126 
MUSS 
1120.S 
(MUSD 
I 42% 
VSOCLP 
.1%0S 
IN300 
0116 
1.111KAO 
00%1 
AL014.0 
I MI 
USOSSOX 
51444 
And- 
Mil4114.0 
Pose Ow 
1400 DAN 
MN NI it/ 
SW 4K10
UM 
Cost 
444 AMOWII 
IN,000on 
OSP 
COMM 
0.4e 
Tout, 144000 
II/Mry Level 
11404nd tooth 400µ00i IWO/ 
IS Sip 10 
IS NS 201$ 
PS 
F0414010 Cre0 
52.4.62.$00 
2.100100 
I2/ 
UW 
1000% 
Mu 11 
SI4.097.22 
101100 
FOS 00 
114.097 
21.6.4.10 
1544.2011 
NH 
ford 14014 Cm, 
-1S.00).000 
4000.000 
41.04 WA 
4250 
SAGO% 
14.14•11 
SIIS.234.S1 
10000 
10000 
S 
244.754 
2S-100-10 
0100-2014 
Fekor 1.401904 1. 
-149‘721 
471.003 
265 
UM 
1000211. 
IS/urr 1 1 
145.791.47 
10511 
11000 
*IN 
M/04 10 
00 2014 
re"' 1.4004 0 1. 
-$114.920 
101.003 
261 
1.40 
10000% 
1440411 
00.2110.03 
1052$ 
11000 
00.160 
Closed 7.441Int ems 60044ss 
S 
124.115 
Mar 1.44. ism* s 0•4444004 name ter 44 poome ba009 Sown 400440 141.1. Map n O+aw. • G a an4 In *A, 0 T • • I • t tateati. II Yaw ass lian, MA 44 il Mao. Teu.0 (C. FA nevonsten el NICK 1 Mn os 
1.4 
I4160 
140.144:040 
Co 
$444.414 10•4$01.•04.004 #114104. 
I 
04,0 041 
-10.11 
4.440144.404. PUY 
ben Onis vain. 
WC 
401 
Ow II 
win open*. wall PPP POPM.Ows or ......Piel 
0404 444.4 
04,04 .1 4 0 0 r...4.1 fat Minagenal pine . airs stle,  la tresreeM pa Fs, mgr. Wan... eon.,vel h ill Cellar afti ay 04.04049 e4004.40.40 04.000 b.,  rat toaen,  "...awn ',wt. va•ocin ......"
as.A.ntbenk ta•Arlorn ON ...On 
is baton) to Se re...W. PA .1410 tvg *on" Ffor•Ontreal to non.. OP'S% and e4mOn crvotoir on n40,.. 4 04 04.bln. IC ...P.....1^
, hal 0014 04.14" .4001^ -0100,44.• 0.414. 0
4.0.4 Tian 4.44.0 440 ninvis 4.01.40•440444 04.11-• pan... 4 41.444 6004•1450u444 00 10000-644,4 •044 40, AM140 041 4 .004 4  TAI 0441• too end all 4.404 . 044 400 n‘440.1 04,00. 014i alto 040 ,
040.0.44 %Men c., MI IS WOMv•titlit 0441~4 •••01. &MO Or Einar to k
 SAM V40040. 0,404 mewl odwa14.064 CA IS 40.491104.4 
P.m WOO) "e00 ,66, asweenAanAssek W44404 0.44404 44 4,41004 044 0.00I0 0040. 4.10.44 00404.04.0 x494.* 
•4•00,440014 Sem 004 0,044 to 44•004 In Ow 0/003 01 moil.) ettiii,ed tal,O.buri. 70044 
was 0-0 6.40:404 441•44 biwiluien44000404,44111h4n.w. la na ~wan 94 9494.. 044a  004 un be .4.0ved. 4•400444 AS IN i004nn 041,04.04 or 40000004011. 000ing 0.040-heib. on 494 44044404 4,41 
04440400. 4 4.424•0 44 9444440 
4.1 Or& a Ira ...nth, 
00.4415 0•104Caranit00444044.4.44 
1.0.0444,04.0 It. Illoygoarkm• twit rawene40.4 b tuntw,  0144404 or 44.404 04 wanutOr. 
00,44eneloan414110•1404•444•0144•444.415.40044.1. aid Inyta 0,4074 anlanfielrbel. Art 4a 444244-. et 040•C•Or et swam eint. 44.- Pe 0404.04. 0 444040M 4.,44041/.4.0•000 414.4.40.04,004,4 
.40.4104.. sad .Assn it by 041 
1030110114•44•401•1••0 
EFTA_R1_00516341 
EFTA02013860
--- PAGE 8 ---
GIO 
laseent PCS limmeely Mee 
Trade DN.te 
[colic ats 
miection 
May 10 
II Mey 11 
butt 
11.M0r10 
IIYIy.M 
Sad 
If 114.11 
1144401 
iceght 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Account Position Summary 
Prepsted for 6' inenctill fast as of August 1. 2011 
TAGUS° 
XPT1/50 
mew 
71.14
1791,115 
o.nos 
11AW141 
6:9DUSO 
1.110CAO 
i611191 
13293 
07,61 
G6P050 
EURLISD 
NANO 
1.4256 
101E 
USCOPY 
USOCLI 
1404406 
1/ 
456.11S 
300* 
Curremy 1 
, Ylie 
Curren y
Hoar., 
sulk. 
rsr 
Clow. Chc Data 
Oricnti 
Vnwina 
1000 
.31.50/.91720 
50.0) 
Onto,. 
WI DI 
$ 
$ 
(~
I 
00.11110112 
WI 
Pt 
WV 
Put 
Call 
CAS 
19.930.000 
14020.000 
SIKCOACO 
WPM 
*33000 
79.0000 
USO 
USD 
1/19 
all 
to 
IN 
051.100 19,61,died 
5419000 CO 
S470.00100 
-114.030.00 
4190% 
-1250% 
BUSS 
1-1, - Morgan Securities EEC. 
Claud IX Opben. Galreles• 
'LP fileecan PeCareire• k 
aetaa0 Hata 
pingebefitily 9.410,16010,11,00116.19 bYO..PY IC.. fol4 any/Maillatlweelesilla IPMerimet wO.N.MA mod Irma
 ewe le .1i A Joe c.c....a& we 104C. 1P. Yaps 
VIM knmells et IS Yaw Tot Loth beliefigiiniallis putlael and teginlemlinsa 
14101 SOS Eveleeleffilm. nailbur 16,19. sc. 6, Silas 
.11%lorce, Ott 
Co. ay owes, cr.. 
oaf entsraorin et front 
MOSea 
lee folk•ory is b•A•0 /004.01,1, ild••••••111•Ipbflein 
.n to NI O* blew re.rest bAnialian fcetairred M I. mews all any aiterirp•Orrap exumebilia%.0.1eires so coo Mee In 1.l cle04‘ ,...4.41••••••10.4. anipme.s. 
ten•wirmil.e+t ukulelesa/ oilman. l• Shred la b• relab.. tut we deg ..an 
b cowci•landm•✓ *curacy Oplekni And fillastactraCtIAA av /Arlen. dedbrInAlfeat b Mar...04 
rata Pal 0.1Cesuben a net bens 
el tuba. 
wr." MN ••••• 
net inWold 
w.1(. or 
Sr co ;crake*o la*en ••• 
ienletene 
P•el•Y•w•Subl-•••••••• Mt. •••14tei 
eirogrre n. .wa 00•01.. 
a‘ •••.•••• I Wooing tee... •••••••••••• 
any Mel
Ha 
al1. 
on
 *1.t Spoon 
ceder tow° eua,  
••••00 • Craed Hell*5411 en 1.1•• 0'110 41011(0 cotelYel 
infra rIn kr 
einwielanernesUigaromobak 
'an*n pewee.. M. deneeene tear 
b• en.ableeNrahnean1 um:06.11MA lanat•ahallesefebe•Sa Nunn be etstwel IC. Pt fug.. OTInnureo••••Od•aillan. T4.5 
ten. donli *en( en•4 y•40k we ward 
nary. "Wean sof Thon on be to aware. tn.. Into to 'CFCS ,W10./4, be 
MS Tr* ow voter, /0000 ...cps a.Il Olt 
to rocont•endoel 
Lea so fel ate•J• Jed .red 
neen•O 
ip,nork.0 Ct. in, kw. o• vv.& nee on Oen" retool In IN POIC ef 
nee/ 
/lease M.O., pr Ir Yuyn Ihrvale tan 9pm...A ye cr Lela.. .,,mast 
....jai.g wry liaoratto, 
nrs named.", k• 
sofa& 
ite par 
le,Mmn Is 06.1.1•1.1. •eul 
b tes•119.16,1COn/afentyll fterryt. 401tbabl...4.414.1.1 07 0,611 PM rWM14.1en.• 
[...ht.
,' 
sou caw Its c env.. pees rout., a 
*seer 
<a MII Otesccar. Qat 6 Co 
EFTA R1_00516342 
EFTA02013861
--- PAGE 9 ---
Account Position Summary 
P. 6.148,6/1 Se Nellie 1.1.C. 
GIO 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
Prepared for r Au ns .... I trust a, of •ugust 1, 2011 
anal 
NC • Oarnmesely Mao 
61610050 
19.24 
8.411U1,0 
161894 
GOMM 
I4) 
V101PV 
Z 
fl 1USD 
179186 
/0584.11/1 
82.13 
EVOUSO 
4256 
VSOC12 
45685 
115000 
4266 
UWCAC 
09561 
N01.50 
Ion 
t/10/1011 
MN 
HA, 
trade Dale 
Maturity 
6110:::• 
Pootkoeua 
Cormexy 
Descriptra• 
hied toe 
(frt.D,at 0 ,A 
.6.4,Nloss MID) 
Ckned 1'161 ‘
14.10-011
Jr
'
 Wow POOtt WO' h 44 rrarbil1•9 nor* fe• the °orate NS... hones ternbt010 by II. 64129on Paw • Ca and 0 6.04.orpes senen404 1f 616.9.5. Ow* SrA. ISA arra 11.104.9Aln4 Ce. WA an rrenbers el The HNC 1.6 Yawn 
fetuces Pa 1101/116 k • nerlare 6161 11st von Wet I' rereene int mho. Asnalail myhteui eariwyr. JOIWs n Ow broker 6.1.. Plate NM/kW 11.,16102.4144Argae, nun, • Co row carats anon ogre tirelAnInlees 0 Iresiotadept 
40.4erter. ea 
TIM 101,Noieq Is NAN WORN For 6,10944ticrWil itutolen VA, irate In IIIICOASOOD ya/1•01.....1. 14Orltat CA ,6144.40 In Ole n4.10. 404 0096aCyri4022.2 010..404464.% 410,0•10 Mho' inked b aevr.461./.ft MIN valluitall. 1411~11. 
,010,....C•NORVIIIIC.I 40 .01.1•••.4 ta•lave to tot ,141401e. WI •W 4O net 'wan Rs testfitWon es accton Or 014 and eurras connlese toe sop a n and ye iaabort 15 ow-ce .. 010A r•1111* Oa, W 101•14,201.01 41821.111* 016~
nr 
IrrIntOrl 
Sr IN 
l'INnolt /To
ne.. its Wow PrOrn 
eh* 
'oda 
wan.% Sr 
WWI 
ma 
mem..., nal 
is &Ash. W *Stout*. 
rnieve c..hr el any 
*nth, 
**leen erd ..gee 
met 
owilon c. al a 
nitiell,nuiliilineents Of eary 
drAumeto N.M.( man wederwItil*. flaw.. an.,  awn? to 6.nare to Aar. 'sear was 
poovidec ...Ara W..ea ma.. oe, the dareM wale
, 
i. 
' 
10961 
1.4.••• .far ger. , 6411440 
We\ Erne% 9awirrile4 ihel•111wett fl a weal awl Ow areatar ***Am end .4494.,./V4 wooed velhagenl4om other saace I. *L... 
It 10 Pallerel insUesa nqand ulkiAlibers. 
or( n .441 am klpat1 OW, in Oe0 upenre9Ponf6.46.1•1.004 Were tin .0 PP altariA001 Pit Were 041. 0, T4401•Sail ,..iiirld The Otilar.42. aeOlhesee‘0,12. Irv. cr.e.nit ev MO.n.44. Inbar. en/seli MP. W net ANOIM Si Oe.p 
opaebens at e 4.110IIS Or ImwAnleed by, am lelk o. seek non 0
 orrravd Ow a* IOC wan 1:10W-wee.0 404,1,
Pos <run pa II. Merpn Mos LA tera.law•of flaw nine: 
it rein." in Vanua-tea 
is :theassolilre Is or OW Wir trea Moto wrong* Sn it e100•••••• NW Niy k.p.h.-Mr° .Vd CO.ro(1,141 a., ..sr 64,9,4o, 2. (WWII.* er ...Anoint, INA Ilb• elderpn a 1.001.01•4 Wild P•0144.111,...10.1. OM* May Iht VIOCW 
asoodatest W ?Snot gal 
10141111144sgen Owes SC. 
EFTA_R1_00516343 
EFTA02013862
--- PAGE 10 ---
Account Position Summary 
P. IMOr.M. SelVelliff toe 
GIO 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
IntpAInli for r AlAncar I tract As of •uajost 1,1011 
Croat NC • Cammodlly rube 
WOAD 
2024 
XAL1V1D 
141,94 
COMO 
4) 
VSODY 
)r2 
flUID 
1)9116 
XPDL61) 
O24.S 
MAMA, 
4216 
1.60C1P 
4564S 
60(M 
P)116 
VWCAD 
00161 
ALCUSID 
1054 
VAMP< 
S 344.4 
Prolong% 
an* Oen 
Total Div. 
lolly lama 
thaurlod Lena. Gant.. IIISO) 
T'.de Date 
Maturity 
SY. Ratko, 
Ceenpany 
Par Vitra 
Shaves 
frt. rt., 
Sly 
S 
Date 
barked 
a 1LW 10 
AM 2010 
000. 
rpm Chest Opt 
2$ 
204000 
1Thanall 
USD 
aloe 
1$1a.11 
440631319 
an 
15AT 
$ 
SILS14 
2444a.10 
02.40.2040 
KM. 
Pm ChM* Cara 
104000 
Finangial 
I.60 
670% 
ISJuvl 1 
4•Xt513.411 
2416 
2662 
$ 
542414 
Closed ***** nal GinA0$$ 
$ 
I , 
Ng 
'Mk Mar Possis lam* or eu. rrermianywn. lee no ravel., enuu buten neantal be,
 Megan Ore SC.. and ....eamie...eraomar JP biome. Owego* NA aos11.14enpr. Tram Coa le.. ate rreaften el Da FDIC la Mews 
Sautaats lac UPPASO • • seratter V Om New York IotA lathing* mai Wm sobteal and nepaial viJunra /MASI is 0* aroma deadet irate two. sec It 40345" IPMer9bn Oat • Cs way await/ nefeneer broluodian 0/1•411•441 
aevowy -art 
11`• Mmoa.). eraq wean) tea alwaaimea pareosp• tort am. 4. mg., . 
ea weal.. 
Wants,. ten....d in thn ma... al ream...aloe 6. -"•^1. -"
, '"al 
ba ......mlad m aoa *emu.. Tann ••••.1‘... smamms. 
ccolea•Den.mavalallans et ettleatta .. Winn/ to Mrefeb.a. bat ma do AO %weal di flaotietenris 
Orin 
}dreg an/ we *And banns &Vat notice, Pat palomear. Is ael .4fulat of tea 
re." no. eutaaer . my *tra,ea......... 
me om 
Theban 044 I 
into 
...POrean an ?WM 
nn 
enamel 
WIN Ihectal annave 
a ...owe. 
ou.s.....asamotioar......4.norartere 
e n a*. 
aMsaten ed 
• PM 
4$1 n 
new 
al orrefeue• 
dlibrUird Mien (I an n undavonl, Innenen WWI. *IA. O. In10.10•Kh Flea. VOI•Ina, nnwind •••rat once inlvneles on Ihe 40611 vara. ed. 
Fume nen I • Tour ail% t4 sismaenwmranaemo swarm. gamer oat attn... a us ......o man 5 •-•11;101P.a.••••••,../ 0544 *44 wawa ....I ON bons Mae autos la beliatnel tonna papaw el sub W. capanal catch/mom Topa 
pew. and intuaned mans handy... rematch namula and Owe mn teneewarevan DAP...rasa ',q.t.. be naiad Mr otameees and Ye wason mkt elleral a INCOONVONOW. niacin. snug hook on net dnals eel MO Ott 
Obn$1 ken <0. 0 nntInin 0 0 p..neeed et "era. o ewisw an Inn frOlIni n re ION c. mr0nm.na.al .pear 
roar twins pow II Margan Pram. am& Inn ennal In &iv Nome stataanas ow rowan) ay panmeon 
Tha inatonatien as loathe ate am ed itm memo 0o wham it • Mean . enclay to prmlemml erd 10.1.4•04 Inn a, $SIAten. a dialnICISOn b$ ono,a ens own the Senn km...WM ON Feu nova the In MM. OMNI Mann Ihninda 
ismaAntOr an/ Tun 4 01. 11
Mil Plicopm Chao Sc. 
EFTA_R1_00516344 
EFTA02013863
--- PAGE 11 ---
St7C9LS00- 1.2:1- VIA3 
p, it amp u...11•1 
H.t 01 
rills 41 r.nwN 
arins 
aWw Pai 
'en»u 
WI awn. 
MMar imw~P 
~wpm 
ap 55514 Amo ~ha 
ix wine•555• Y 5•5 ✓VYIMYn
y 
mustova 
Pa ~Ps 
*um 
Øf. 
Y •YOMor ',PM»! .4.4 
NO,  NI NI if ~NSW 
I% 
va »nat. 
ha Natl. 
inCtiaaya 
"a" 
•flirnsnid 
~••••••tr•WeS 
mi pen» 
nolii 
Pas n 
5 pan 
4151.0 Pulpy.» 
Vall 44 5 ', 4 Prona6 
...imp. 
"p,  IwaliS 
MY". 
W•Mtp liGv4a W41~ 
illatinp. ~Sr.. 
lagp4AlrwunallMuua4W 
04.5 anft~iqUiallpilA 
...Awry. 
lie3.1.1.. 
all Len dp•WI pa . Wadi 
4.1•••41..10 ~S. 
4.1~4 
~Jim/ 
pia '1~ 
~Is 
.1.10•04.1.....1WL~.. 
111, 41.1 as Os illo~ 
NSW., 
Aldo ••ey 9witerlp. p1.1.1 ~wan. 
imi•••••••~ 
mar.» 
aq xs• fan 
wrygli ~MS 
»nip Semen. 
5..40 4.1114 akpli May 
tsar~1~ 
ay 
~i 
9",./0 
0.101~... 
~it 
'nat. 
raum,e,..z.~ 
we a 
...3.4~.1••••it~}0 
!Pan« 
rs #0, 09,100 plO4 
5~~ 
pa na~ 
aWl 
Lille» 
pall .4 
W•6•••••• 
å 
#0 di^ 
/0, 
n sip 
13~.10~uni. 
nprill SMIN 
•••41!"'W VAIPYMI.OjI4 la d *aria ”Mesamry>el, 
tulYaw 
toot »wItO. 
/..1/4•9•01. line eat% "II 1~0 
'Sr). 
IT> WMnIdMM 
W 
wp. 
a1Mp•a.Nv 
vnuarr 
» 9.0 IN~ 
11.,~4p.0) 
•~Id.6 
lult~ 
~ft. 
~Mar 
4, 
~NI 
Pu W 
5.05.! 
Ate NI 4~ 
IrwMM.WII)r1 
ffin 
4w..road 
put. 
54....4.1 
If %ry~ 
~as). 
haw 
ulteew 
NSW.. 
oaks. 
poesti. 
~ow) 
Wo.4 
...mu 
• 
,15%, ) 5,5 0 1.1~5 
nap. 
uffinss 
yid 
~4 
pa Noy 55.. map ~sty 
apureflaai•eapsini 
G. pa 'V> 2 Nee ~a 
404 Maw» 
ou~emaSITIMSWII 
N. a. Oulu ••••••••• 
KA • .1~ 
army ~on 
4r. 
55055•.5.0 wo..45.5 
P. 5.1) 
e ilW.4 
I•,1 
(OW ~Wit* 
al N 
~Lin) 
~via, 
~
5..0 
fal{ 
my ue.~0 
kmmus, 
imeipea 
Sim 
gal 
0•1111S41. 
IPA 4 
,4o5n 
~1 
~IV 
19Y0 
CO)041 
51µD 
*005n 
St 95Ir 
auosn 
ISZP i 
05115113 
Ste 
C5t10d5 
541641 
osnst s 
t it 
AMOY,  
ID I 
OVµ99 
P6415, 
M11MX 
Hfl 
osnovx 
5~55.55, 
~Op. 
WI 
i5.6.15la 
5.I Inri Ivlawull 
aul prnmidnd 
Aawwns uowsod wnonv 
dncug samunytodclo wauµsanui peqoig 
1.. 44
WO, 
I0 
EFTA02013864
--- PAGE 12 ---
Account Position Summary 
Le. MOrtlin Seamilitt Lit 
GTO 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
II 
• 
Preopm•d lot hnantial buil at 01 Aug...I I. 2011 
Curve... [X • COmentudity 
34030 
MN 
YALIUSO 
10114 
4441.00 
I 0 
ISDN. 
371 
1.160 
1700 
0015) 
020 5 
tURUSO 
1425$ 
wows 
41645 
0004 
O/1111 
Man 
111.41 
00010 
ION 
vSONC. 
11614 
total *My. 
I,M0erlyINI 
LtelfiY, W 1 
SPLIroi 
NM 
Rom" thy" 
i..7
..i
Wads 04110 
HoeDate 
ire 
Mate 
tn ity 
"" 
I -a, or., 
I Ivy Pr*. 
001.0 /rite 
Gl/rMett CUS01 
7.W 
MAO. 10 
If *all 
040•014.0 
Long 
*000 
.1”.l 
tall 
-$2.1.34004 
M2t4.420 
00010 
$14042 
$15.1.11 
$ 
Olt 
19-Mr.10 
4.Mily.10 
Matadi 
001dmata Sad. 
1.0 •3 
34000 
IIAS• 
444.1001 
14.331430 
1.000 
110.10. 
011.01 
$ 
31-40•11 
0111.41 
24Ally-11 WOW. Lc* 
len, 
MOM 
40, 
4/A110 
S1041 100 
.00.1 
IIIII.11 
$1050 
$ 
0'
11001 
.414011 
10111/.1/ 0160.1.30. 
Lang 
MOW 
034 
.1113 
473040 
$4.134100 
140.10 
0001 
031.31 
S 
14194 
14013 
311010 
100.10 
1(14001 5 
10.0 
71.010 
3.4 
ea 
.111.71401 
1.1.101070 
1.14111 
10.370 
14400 
Clem4 IMO K.tw 
Swaps Oalriiteit 
I  
SIT 
IMMOM lima 
Ilthonne 
C17.7' n  
440.0 (USN 
T,.4 Data 
Maturity 
.• 
0.041 
Crnorgy 
Do 14 nphen 
'mad R.1. 
000I 
000 ...... 
1.• hasp. Ca.rele.• 
S 
[If. 
Mt nm a 
C 
art
 , ,,. 
„ ., 
,,,,,„., 
fo
. 
N,,,,,,,,s, 
o i ,„,„," 
th„„,,,,,,„, 
F,...4 R.,,, 
o r,,,„,4 co,, 
Oa.* ...I 
art 
Value 
1W0.1 
Clem Out
i nt..., 
000 
4..."...• 
lu
—Cul 
Owed Moytere tamp mat ml. G starlets 
well 
Market, 
30/14 1301. 
NasIly 
c.,0 , 0 , 
4004 
µ0.0 
c•,..0 , y 
1. 1,1• 011.4 
40..
1,-I4 4. 410, 0010/ 
Cle4•0 1.431.0 I O.Ww14 Mar10410. 
' 
O044 4.0. 440%0, 
Moms IMAM 004- 1.04.4002. 
Is 0 
Mehra laninnt 
WM. ClWaa 'ICA. 
lb WWI. 
IOW". 
Chow Sark Pa 
Mow Twit Cs. PIA 
NM IteC 
AP 
a 
nem 
ilmsla 
.tattled WM 
ad 
naval 
indill/ 
an menbri 01 
1/00. is (011001041•441 MM Nftv 01414:41fx(nprjeataatarmwrat ma orprodachemot — 
4M Was 0*Yn. meal10•11/40.18PC Is 10000N IPOICepel OLIO& CO M
 Meant Halts MM. MOW **a 
a werie••• 
eat, 
.now 
In 1•00. 19 MMI•01.1.1".......0.340.430.043/40t 
00.0 
I. 3444.00 IrImewriim rmuotta. nib.' rine 
rM my immumart00 am‘m•mmm.10.4.1.44. 303400000.4 40.044.4.4 lation4m, 
itelimpuMok calorrallau op rentals. a WM'S 10 la Suet Mt we*, rel miffink 0 00•11toodm 
Oteeire M Mama topatult ow yofitapot ant et w/M010 Ow' 
aiMm mire Ire parbwire• a Main, land 
Cute. raulli. It.. mumnsi a pm ...at as on cams rokattim 1a Mew/Oar arida el my liamial maw.* I3.004.1.0.4100, 4.4.1.....41044 
ivy 04/1• .00 
se 3. a 004 nail. a S. 10-0 
afrann 
May ime elitad Patti. co ad a in* t../itto. OLKOMM Min. Matt ales 
le up Me 
\MMUS" tob1,1.1.0Fri Orkt *Sera 0. Po Obletslypte.M. 
10.3. 
Or 
40. es ~WK. 041.400.00 
N. MIA 0./.44 eat 441•041,40 0.60 rot Mt avaaKes W.00 .4 sospnb aM in. al 0030013.410 000 le 000010 
...../ 0.4.0344.04(44040 
Tenn tam arcl aMr paid /Me es bawl non moan. 0.410.4 inew un in no a.m. ••• ihno p.s.,00.10.0.1 
tta Mo0/MoirntiMt..mi 
KM tmuml a miammama 
600 
Maria astlace• Cf. S -Mow, Cm meaning Ott, MN 0001,50 arta., mama ii4 Se 10100., 9.000 
4. 
0.5. Weal .014. M
. 04. ea 4.06/00 
014. CPI tillMiOR or .4•1144 any 104.110 
Pm lairomaim k let PM ..It ma al Se imps Is !Ss 
A .• aolvma4 aryl ay M stiviimml rod tasAdeilmat Ani, ..... riMobal akar tbakatran It  ..yen 011e. Hum 1M at. awe a troMpilet II rim. •makt On a ante SOMit•Mar ihrianfre 
racial. 10 a I Mita • by sa. 
KIWI flows thaw 40. 
EFTA_R1_OO516346 
EFTA02013865

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013866.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' v 
in 
mail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Sat 6/18/2011 7:21:55 PM 
Taking a little rest, call me if you need me 
EFTA_R1_00516348 
EFTA02013866

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013867.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeeyacation@gmail.com > 
To: 
junkermann 
Sent: 
Mon Jul 26 20:17:53 2010 
EFTA_R1_00516349 
EFTA02013867

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013868.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
• 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein [jeeyacation@grnail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 7/21/2011 1:15:46 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Yes:) 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA_R1_00516350 
EFTA02013868

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013869.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Ton • 
' 
Subject: Heidi Holterbosch 
ail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Epstein Jeffrey[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
:21:26 PM 
Heidi Holterbosch is asking if you are around... 
EFTA_R1_00516351 
EFTA02013869

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013870.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Fran: 
Warren Eisenstein 
Sent 
Wed 11/2/2011 12:13:19 AM 
Subject Fwd: Oiled up at the Riv. 
Oh shit! Look what LaLa sent me: 
Keep on Pushin' 
Warren 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Larry Strcitman 
Date: November I, 2011 6:44:49 PM CDT 
To: Warren Eisenste 
Subject: Oiled up at the Riv. 
Sent from my iPad 
EFTA_R1_00516352 
EFTA02013870

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013871.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013871.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
• 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein [jeeyacation@grnail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 4/16/2012 4:22:28 PM 
Subject: Re: 
XuxuuuuuUuu 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA_R1_00516353 
EFTA02013871

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013872.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013872.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.com 
Subject: Hi 
To: 
From: 
Received: 
n©gmail.com> 
Sun, 13 May 2012 23:20:47 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00516355 
EFTA02013872

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013873.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 4:30 Victoria Black confirmed! 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 23, 2013 8:07:14 PM 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516356 
EFTA02013873

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013874.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
"Jeffre E stein" < 'eevacation 
mail.com > Date: Fri. 1 Oct 2010 02:55:35 +0200 To: 
junkermann 
Subject: what happened to you today? —
"' The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. 
It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of 
this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_00516357 
EFTA02013874

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013875.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013875.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationtisgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Warwick Wicksman 
Sent: 
Sat 1/22/2011 1:48:21 AM 
Subject: Re: LSJ design sketches 
Ok. Monday . 
Thanks, 
Warwick Wicksman 
Principal 
Sent from my BlackBerry Device. 
From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Warwick Wicksman 
Sent: Fri Jan 21 17:19:56 2011 
Subject: Re: LSJ design sketches 
On plane 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 21, 2011, at 6:23 PM, Warwick Wicksma 
wrote: 
We need to review that. Perhaps after between the entry gallery and the 
living room. See attached. 
Warwick Wicksman, AIA 
ism
Gensler 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Santa Monica, California 90404 
USA 
Mtp://www.Q.en5ier.,ccm 
Click here to view Gensler's 2010 Annual Report. 
From: jeffrey epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, January 21, 2011 3:16 PM 
To: Warwick Wicksman 
Subject: Re: LSJ design sketches 
EFTA_R1_00516358 
EFTA02013875
--- PAGE 2 ---
You could lower pool 2 ft bit if we lower living below 59 . How and where do we make 
the transition ? 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhonc 
On Jan 21, 2011, at 6:10 PM, Wanvick Wicksman < 
wrote: 
Ok. We can raise the ceiling height in the living room. A couple 
of questions: 
• 
How low can we drop the floor elevation of the living 
room below +59'? 
• 
Do you have a preferred elevation from what we sent? 
• 
We can't lower the pool ceiling height too much and fit in 
the mezzanine access, but we could lower the whole 
thing. 
Please send us comments on this, and we can update the layout 
to reflect it. 
Thanks, 
Warwick 
Warwick Wicksman, AIA 
Principal 
Gensler 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Santa Monica, California 90404 
USA 
htto://www.Gensler.com
Click here to view Gensler's 2010 Annual Report, 
From: Jeffrey epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, January 21, 2011 3:01 PM 
To: Warwick Wicksman 
Subject: Re: LSJ design sketches 
EFTA_R1_00516359 
EFTA02013876
--- PAGE 3 ---
Warwick , Tom has all the dimensions of the living room . These are not those. 
Please copy Santa Fe . 20 ft ceilings in living . Height more important 
there than pool . Doors on cast end match west end. Gallery height no 
more than 12 . Stairs to men cannot be in the center of pool 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhonc 
On Jan 21, 
5.39 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Attached please find some sketches based on what 
you and Tom reviewed at the Island last week. 
Plans ("G5 main level", "G5 lower level", and "GS 
mezzanine level" "G5 roof"): 
Please confirm if we are approved to proceed with 
this building layout. We need to get the main 
building going ASAP , and want to release the 
structural engineer and pool engineer to move 
ahead. Tom is still studying the stairs and the 
exterior elevations; that can continue to develop. 
But we need to know if the main "boxes" are set. 
Exterior Elevations ("elevation study A..." and 
"elevation study b..."): 
These sketches are based on what was discussed last 
week. 
• 
"A" includes sloped-roof and flat-roof version that 
matches the design of the existing buildings. 
• 
"B" includes a flat-roof mission-style concept for the 
living room, with the two options for the entry 
building (one mission, one matching existing). 
• 
Our initial preference is leaning towards the sloped-
roof version of A, but we want to each scheme with 
you in more detail. 
Sections: 
EFTA_R1_00516360 
EFTA02013877
--- PAGE 4 ---
These show the basic heights, based on the sloped-
roof version of elevation "A". 
Please review and comment, and let us know if the 
floor plans are approved! 
Thanks, 
Warwick 
Warwick Wicksman, AIA 
Gensler 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Santa Monica, California 90404 
USA 
htto://www,Gensler.com 
Click here to view Gensler's 2010 Annual Report 
<Elevation Study A 1-21-I I.PDF> 
<Elevation Study B 1-21-11.PDF> 
<Option G5 -lower plan.pdf> 
<Option G5 -mezzanine level.pdf> 
<Option G5 main level.pdf> 
<Option G5 -roof plan.pdf> 
<Option G5 -Section A and B.PDF> 
<Option G5 main level.pdf> 
EFTA_R1_00516361 
EFTA02013878

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013879.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacati 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: Re: (no subject) 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
'eevacation@gmail.com] 
Thur 4/28/2011 12:16:56 PM 
I could have the first head transplant but wouldn't my donor be accused of giving head? 
EFTA_R1_00516362 
EFTA02013879

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013880.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
ein < jeevacation@gmaitcom > Date: Thu, 31 Mar 2011 07:56:45 -0400 To: < 
Subject: Re: gates On Thu, Mar 31, 2011 at 7:56 AM, 
Prob can be why? Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry From: 
Jeffrey 
Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > 
Date: Thu, 31 Mar 2011 07:55:43 -0400 To: 
Subject: Re: 
hat night? On Thu, Mar 31,M
ill a 
> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00516364 
EFTA02013880

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013881.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent: 
Mon Aug 01 06:42:29 2011 
EFTA_R1_00516365 
EFTA02013881

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013882.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Ira Lamste 
From: 
Jeffrey 
Sent 
Fri 5/11/2012 2:37:47 AM 
Subject Re: Thanks 
Look forward to a new friendship 
EFTA_R1_00516369 
EFTA02013882

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013883.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Bill Siegel 
mail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; Epstein Jeftreybeevacation©gmail.corn] 
Mon 4/1/2013 7:02:53 PM 
Please advise 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Bill Siegel" 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: April 1, 2013 2:59:21 PM EDT 
To: 
Ili 
I have been stuck in something all afternoon. Can I call him near end of day? Otherwise I can respond 
o an email if you tell me what it is about. 
• — 
From 
To: lit 
lege 
Sent: Mon Apr 01 12:43:44 2013 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello Mr. Siegel. Jeffrey E to  would like to speak with you. Could you please give him a call at your earliest 
convenience 
Thank you, 
' 
Epstein 
EFTA_R 1_00516370 
EFTA02013883

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013884.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 12/9/2010 11:39:46 PM 
I think they are meant for indoor(they are plaster), but maybe they would work on 
the outdoor covered courtyard terrace or one of the small guest rooms. 
EFTA_R1_00516371 
EFTA02013884

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013885.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
s here 
Sent: 
Thursday, May 8, 2014 2:07:19 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516373 
EFTA02013885

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013886.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationlgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Sun 6/5/2011 7:01:58 PM 
can we talk later this week - nothing bad - in fact really good 
but must be 100% confidential - some very very big stuff for Steve on the horizon 
thinking through 
steve and i are just fine (personally) but perhaps some very big professional changes in store 
late week am back in town 
oh also cool story: 
http://www.ft.comfintlicms/s/2/026fd4c2-8d55-11e0-bf23-00144feab49a.html 
EFTA_R1_00516374 
EFTA02013886

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013887.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeggmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent 
Wed 7/20/2011 1:58:48 PM 
Subject 
Fw: 
is it ok to forward scott email to GM for her to use him as a consultant? 
--- On Wed, 7/20/11, Gmax vmaxleellmar.com> wrote: 
From: Gmax 
Sub'ect: 
To: 
Date: Wednesday, July 20, 2011, 9:56 AM 
Good to talk to you. 
May I have Scotts c mail please 
Please note that this e-mail and any files transmitted with it may be privileged, confidential, and protected from 
disclosure under applicable law. lithe reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any reading, dissemination, distribution, copying, or other use of this communication is strictly 
prohibited. 
EFTA_R1_00518375 
EFTA02013887

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013888.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: From: jeevac " 
' 
• 
early sept? On Wed, Jul 18, 
2012 at 5:31 PM, Nina K. < 
wro e: 
EFTA_R1_00516377 
EFTA02013888

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013889.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013889.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
' 
ail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 9/6/2011 2:29:10 PM 
Subject: Re: Dr. Victor today 
is tomorrow at noon *you requested she go on the 7th* 
I think 
schedulin= Memailed me saying she was scheduling someone else as 
well... 
On Tue, Sep 6, 2011 at 10:28 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jcevaeation@smail.com> wrote: 
also-
On Tue, Sep 6, 2011 at 9:46 AM, 
wrote: 
Reminder : 
to see Dr. Victor today around 11:30, 12:00. 
************** 
****** 
*************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516378 
EFTA02013889

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013890.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013890.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Re: Leon Black 
mail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
Thur 4/12/2012 7:27:15 PM 
will do 
On Apr 12, 2012, at 3:20 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
yes but leave off summers 
On Thu, Apr 12, 2012 at 2:30 PM, 
Leon Black is asking for your schedule on Sunday at Harvard... 
May I send Leon Black your itinerary? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacatioragi_nail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00516379 
EFTA02013890

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013891.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeeyacation@gmail.com > 
To: 
Faith Kates 
Sent: 
Mon Feb 21 07:57:34 2011 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00516380 
EFTA02013891

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013892.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013892.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
„ 
. .21 AM 
Cc: 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516381 
EFTA02013892

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013893.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013893.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Cc: 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 
Fri 8/26/2011 11:18:12 AM 
Subject: 
Re: 
great 
EFTA_R1_00516382 
EFTA02013893

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013894.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' v 
in 
mail.comueevacationagmail.comj: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 6/29/2011 3:45:23 AM 
has her envelope 
has her pills, she is wondering whether she should go to Minnesota for longer, she says she 
thought you wanted her to come back on the 4th, let me know whether you want me to see if I 
can make any changes to ticket. 
EFTA_R1_00516383 
EFTA02013894

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013895.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
imtioraimail.com[jeevaeation@gmail.com]; jeffrey epsteinlieevacation©gmail.comj 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 2/20/2012 11:34:39 AM 
Subject: Re: 
why are you so interested in Jacob? 
< 
v 
mil. m> 
An: 
Gesendet: 11:20 Montag, 20.Februar 2012 
Betreff: Re: 
Speak? 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhonc 
On Fcb 20, 2012, at 4:15 AM, 
> wrote: 
He likes me. He likes my blow jobs. This must give you some satisfaction even without 
telling him because he will stop liking them. 
No point to introduce him to girls because he won't like them by the sole fact that they 
were introduced by you. This also explains why he didn't tell me first he recognized me 
at the party. 
So best investment is to shorten companies run by women? 
y 
< 
c 
ail.com> 
An: 
Gesendet: 2:17 Montag, 20.Februar 2012 
Betreff: Re: 
Fuck! 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 19, 2012, at 7:46 PM, 
wrote: 
Actually we met. He doesn't like your girls - almost disgusted. he probably 
won't like me anymore if I play that. 
He doesn't like easter european girls at all. He likes sweet cute intelligent 
natural. 
n• 
e
' < 
mail com> 
An: 
Gesendet: 0:49 Montag, 20.Februar 2012 
Betreff: Re: 
N0000000000 
Sony for all the typos .Scot from my iPhonc 
EFTA_R1_00516384 
EFTA02013895
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Feb 19, 2012, at 5:12 PM, 
wrote: 
Very boring news, you won't get a thank you note tonight - his 
meeting takes too long. 
• J 
E 
' 
evacation 
mail corn> 
An: 
Gesendet: 1.2/Sonntag, 19. ebruar 01 
Betreff: Re: 
give him everything, and right before you leave . say .. Jeffrey deserves a 
thank you note 
On Sun, Feb 19, 2012 at 12:22 PM 
wrote: 
What would you suggest me to do with Ian tonight? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to kevacatippgaillAilSPnl, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510385 
EFTA02013896

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013897.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
• 
• 
• 
ack in civilization tomorow On Thu, May 19, 2011 at 7:10 AM, < 
wrote: 
how's it going over there mother theresa? 
EFTA_R1_00516386 
EFTA02013897

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013898.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013898.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationepgmail.comfjeeyacation©gmail.cont, 
jeevacationelomail.compeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Nicole Junkermann 
Sent 
Tue 3/20/2012 12:31:46 PM 
Subject Re: 
Happy to see you! Would you like to see the house or prefer a coffee? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, March 20, 2012 01:00 PM 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
Subject: 
It will just band 
I , look forward to it.. finally on your home ground thanks for 
delaying your departure to london I appreciate. it 
************************************** 
********************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516392 
EFTA02013898

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013899.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeevacation < jeevacationaamail.com > To: 
> 
Sent: Mon, December 21, 2009 6:11:10 AM Subject: Sent from my Phone 
EFTA_R1_00516394 
EFTA02013899

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013900.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013900.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
Lein < jeeyacation@gmail.com > Date: Wed, 13 Apr 2011 09:28:39 -0400 To: < 
Subject: Re: yes„ 10 ? On Wed, Apr 13, 2011 at 9:26 AM, < 
wrote: 
Can I come see you today? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
 The information 
contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_00516395 
EFTA02013900

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013901.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013901.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationtitgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Rich Kahn 
Sent: 
Fri 12/11/2009 2:28:17 PM 
Subject: FW: 
DPMG Epstein invoice 11-20-09.pdf 
Gary is referring to 43,365.20 for his and Steve's November pay Please advise 
Rich Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
PO Box 400 
New York, NY 10150 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Original Message 
From: Gary Kerney [mailto:GKerney@landmarklandco.com] 
Sent: Friday, December 11, 2009 6:09 AM 
To: Rich Kahn 
Subject: 
Can you wire landmarks funds today?please advise. Gary 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00516396 
EFTA02013901

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013902.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013902.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
ffr 
in <'
v 
i n
mil m> 
To: 
Sent: 
Wed, Feb 16, 2011 4:21 am 
Subject: Fwd: FW: research proposal - breast cancer genetics as this is also close to your heart , so to 
speak„ , ideas would be appreaciated 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Eva Dubin < evadubin©hotmail.com > 
Subject: FW: research proposal - breast cancer genetics 
To: 
Jeffrey < jeevacation@gmail.com > It sounds like a good 100 K investment. What do you 
think? 
EFTA_R1_00516398 
EFTA02013902

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013903.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013903.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.corn]; Jefffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
on 
9:26:03 PM 
Subject: Barbro 
Barbro would like to come see you wed evening. Ok to schedule? I have nothing on 
your itinerAry for wed as of yet. 
EFTA_R1_00516399 
EFTA02013903

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013904.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013904.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmaitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Ian Osborne 
Sent: 
Thur 5/3/2012 11:20:07 PM 
Subject: not good for Rupert 
http://commerce.senate.gov/publicfia=Files.Serve&File id=6df0709c-33bb-4545-847f-
dbfd14867d5d 
EFTA_R1_00516400 
EFTA02013904

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013905.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013905.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Jeffrey Epsteilimi. 
Cc: 
Richard Morri 
From: 
Robert Aquadro 
Subject: RE: 
EFTA_R1_00516401 
EFTA02013905

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013906.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.cony. 
Received: 
Sun, 13 Ma 2012 12:38:49=20 
To: 
Subject: = 
EFTA_R1_00516402 
EFTA02013906

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013907.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
ieevaca
iir iimail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 8/8/2011 1:37:13 PM 
its my car which my mom bought for my b-day ;) 
Best regards, 
°Inman/len° c iphone 
EFTA_R1_00518404 
EFTA02013907

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013908.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent 
Fri 6/24/2011 11:06:24 PM 
Subject: RE: 
Let's plan dinner on Monday! 
Thanks for the offer. Already booked a hotel. 
So much looking forward to seeing you! 
Just few things —
Do you know anyone at http://www.lemelson.org 
Do you know David Geffen? 
Boris 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, June 24, 2011 12:14 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
dinner sun mon? do you want an apt for the week? save some nmoney 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA_R1_00516405 
EFTA02013908
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_0051 6406 
EFTA02013909

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013910.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013910.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
m 
om[jeevacation@gmail.com]: Jeffres[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 418/2013 8:28:34 PM 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00518407 
EFTA02013910

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013911.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comijeevacationetgmail.comj: jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
From: 
Joseph Igala 
Sent 
Tue 8/2/2011 5:18:52 PM 
Subject: Re: LSJ Irrigation 
Good Afternoon, 
The Eastern Beach is Beach #2 where the Blue Office is. 
Regarding Ms. Vaccarrino, 
Should I accept her offer? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 2, 2011, at 11:54 AM, jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
What eastern beach?? Ok for Italian lady 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 2, 2011, at 5:29 PM, Joseph Igalti
vrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Joseph [gala <igala@mac.com>
Date: July 25, 2011 3:40:05 PM GMT-04:00 
To: Epstein Jeffery <jeevacationesmail.com>
Cc: Gary Kerney 
Gordon Brice 
Subject: LS.1 Irrigation 
Good Afternoon, 
The purpose of this email is to request approval for an order of needed 
irrigation material for upcoming LSJ projects. 
Originally Scott and I had a meeting concerning upcoming projects and 
weather or not we had enough inventory on hand to 
complete them. 
EFTA_R1_00518408 
EFTA02013911
--- PAGE 2 ---
We were planning at first, to make an order for Pop's Garden and also an 
order to replenish our diminished stock, especially since I 
knew we had 
some big things coming up, even though at that time there were no defined 
plans. 
Since then a few large projects have come into focus, namely; The Eastern 
Beach grass project, The North Eastern 
A list was made during our meeting and two invoices were generated based 
on that , however I think the structure of the invoices was 
a bit confusing, 
Since it was not itemized per project. 
There arc two invoices, the first was labeled "Pop's Garden" and the second 
was labeled "Irrigation Inventory" however the total sum 
of both invoices constitutes 
the Entire needed material for the current large LSJ landscaping Projects i.e.; 
- Pop's Garden: Fruit Trees and Vegetable Gardens 
- Drip emitters for the Fruit Trees 
- Electric Valves and Timers 
- Pipe and connection hoses 
- Pop up Mist Sprayers 
- North Eastern Sod Grass: 
-Pipe and connection hoses 
- Couplings and fittings 
- Sprayer sprinkler heads 
- Rotary pop up sprayers 
- Valves and Timers 
- Eastern Beach: 
- Pipe and connection hoses 
- Emitters 
- Rotary pop up Sprayers 
- Valves and Timers 
- South Western Pool: 
- Pipe and connection Hoses 
- Emitters 
- Sprayers 
- Valves and Timers 
I would like to have these invoices, approved so we can have what we need 
EFTA_R1_0051 6409 
EFTA02013912
--- PAGE 3 ---
to complete these projects, I Have attached the invoices 
for your review. 
<Pops Garden Irrigation Quote.pdf,
<Full Irrigation .pdf> 
Thank you, 
'gala 
EFTA_R1_00516410 
EFTA02013913

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013914.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013914.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacati 
From: 
Sent 
Subject 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
Deevacation©gmail.com] 
RE: 
2012 6:42:01 PM 
=-( I miss youuu 
in brazil comecceccceeecceecceeecccccecece hahah 
Date: Wed, 10 Oct 2012 20:30:57 +0200 
Subject: 
From: 'eevacation u, mail.com 
To 
in paris without you 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516411 
EFTA02013914

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013915.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013915.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Fnmn:
J
y
l
v
i 
I. 
I fyou have not called barbara daniels yet„ please let me know„ bill richardson 
woudl like to make the call . 
EFTA_R1_00516413 
EFTA02013915

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013916.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeNmail.comijeevacationetgmail.com]; Jeevacationrjeevacation@g ma tom] 
From: 
Emad Hanna 
Sent 
Mon 12/13/2010 10:51:35 PM 
Subject: Spreadsheet 
Island Action List 28th November.xts 
Jeffery, 
G mail is rejecting the file download I don't know why so I'm just attaching the file in this e mail. 
I'm leaving FTC now to go to home depot 
Thank you 
Emad Hanna 
Project Controller 
HBRK Associates 
301 East 66th St 
Suite 10F 
New York, NY 10065 
Cell 
LS1 
St. 
NY 0 
Fax ( 
EFTA_R1_00518414 
EFTA02013916

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013917.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013917.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Re: 
mail.conteevacation©gmail.comi: Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation@gmail.com] 
Mon 4/23/2012 8:32:09 AM 
Jeffrey, I am a clean freak!! I contact my doctors for every little thing. Not so many, always the same and 
always with condom. 
Will take a test, that's always useful. 
I'm a bit surprised to see these messages... 
Von: Jeffrey 
tein <'eevacation 
mail.com> 
An: 
Gesendet: 19:06 Sonntag, 22.April 2012 
Betroth 
make sure you take some form of anti bioitc„ for the pussy, cleocin or some such, youve had 
many dicks . in just a few weeks 
***********************************************M********* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jecvaeation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516416 
EFTA02013917

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013918.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013918.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey E tein < jeevacation©gmail.com > Date: Wed, 31 Mar 2010 13:19:08 -0400 To: < 
Subject: Re: ok On Wed, Mar 31, 2010 at 1:18 PM, 
wrote: 
Thanks so so much you're the best! We are going to try to shop after grandpa 
harvey leaves otherwise we'll shop a ton tomorrow Sent via BlackBerry from T-
Mobile From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > 
Date: Wed, 31 Mar 2010 13:17:21 -0400 To: < 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00516418 
EFTA02013918

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013919.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacation©gmail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Lola M 
Sent 
Thur 10/18/2012 8:34:57 PM 
Subject RE: 
I try, arc you alone? 
Date: Thu, 18 Oct 2012 21:50:10 +0200 
Subject: 
From: 'eevacation 
mail.com 
To: 
come now? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516419 
EFTA02013919

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013920.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013920.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: 
Jonathan Farkas 
Called: 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.corn] 
Mon 12/6/2010 5:42:24 PM 
EFTA_R1_00516420 
EFTA02013920

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013921.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013921.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationagmaitcom[jeevacation@gmailcom]; Jeffreyfjeevacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
"Fleur du Mar <fleur=fleurdurnalcorn©mail91.us4.mcsv.net> on behalf of Fleur du Mal 
<fleur@fleurdumal.com> 
Sent 
Thur 12/27/2012 7:45:47 PM 
Subject Fleur du Mal NYE: You Can Never Be Overdressed 
Titte: Fleur du Mal NYE: You Can Never Be Overdressed 
.v this °møll in your brorsor. 
EFTA_R1_00516421 
EFTA02013921
--- PAGE 2 ---
cocktail dress with side slit 
5995 
lace panty & tulle bodysuit 
$1388 $875 
fleur du soir tuxedo suit 
58958 $695 
chiffon & lame dress 
$995 
EFTA_R1_00516422 
EFTA02013922
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA_R1_0051 6423 
EFTA02013923
--- PAGE 4 ---
cupped bodysuit & stockings 
S278 8 S60 
plunge front satin gown 
3695 
N .
/ 
\ 
• 
cami & pleated tuxedo pants 
high wasted tie back panty 
S138& S595 
$t25 
EFTA_R1_00516424 
EFTA02013924
--- PAGE 5 ---
'TERMS AND CONDITIONS: We offer complimentary ground shipping on all US orders (including Hawaii and Alaska). This 
offer is only available to customers registered to, and shopping from, the US webstte. When placing your order, simply select 
your preferred shipping method on the shipping page before proceed 
to urchase. For non-US orders. or other order 
inquiries. please contact us by phone at 
You are recerv.ng this email on behalf of VAVW fieurclumal corn.
This email was sent to teevacation@gmad.com 
Fleur du Mal 
138 Baxter street 
New York, NY 10013 
Add us to your address book 
If you would prefer not to receive emails from neurdumal corn, simply click here or ai date,yggy prelerencgs 
The Fleur du Mal Registered Office: 
Fleur du Mal 138 Baxter street New York, NY 10013 
tel. 
General inquiries: fleuraDfleurdumal.com 
Press inquiries: pressCinfieurdumal.qom 
EFTA_R1_0051 6425 
EFTA02013925

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013926.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013926.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcom[jeevacationetgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmall.com] 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent 
Thur 6/30/2011 6:11:26 PM 
Subject: re: Scott Denett invoice 
Invoice JE-1403-1818.pdf 
Attached is his invoice for your review 
Scott made a $240 error in our favor where he billed 8 hours and billed $360 instead of $600 
Please advise if ok to pay 
Richard Kahn 
FIBRK Associates Inc. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Scott Denet 
Date: June 30, 20 
To: Richard Kahn 
Subject: invoice 
, Bella Klein 
Please note the last check was sent to the wrong address and was returned ( i happened to 
be at 71st that day so i was in luck ... you guys had 31 w 29 see correct address 
below ) 
thank you so much 
Have a great 4th of July 
Scott 
EFTA_R1_0051 6426 
EFTA02013926

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013927.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013927.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein (vi 
From: 
Howard Gardner 
EFTA_R1_00518428 
EFTA02013927

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013928.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013928.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Bella Klein 
From: 
RingCentra 
Subject: New Fax Message fro 
04/13/2011 at 11:48 AM 
You Have a New Fax Messa e 
From: 
Received: Wednesday, April 13, 2011 at 11:48 AM 
Pages: 
To: 
(Bella Klein) 
To view this message, p ease open the attachment or login to your RingCentral 
account by clicking here. 
EFTA_R1_00518429 
EFTA02013928

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013929.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013929.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
tein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Fri, 24 Dec 2010 20:18:52 -0400 To: 
Subject: Re: currently im sick in bed, , i plan to fly on wed or thurs to new york. i 
wi e y 
can instead of dave or instead of nicholas On Fri, Dec 24, 2010 at 
8:11 PM, 
wrote: Jeffrey, 
Here is what i know of the schedule: 
EFTA_R1_00516430 
EFTA02013929

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013930.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 3/1/2012 2:52:06 PM 
Subject 
Re: 
Safe travels, me capetown tomorrow 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 1 Mar 2012 06:21:35 -0800 
To: 
Subject: 
leaving calif on my way to florida 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to kevacationeamail corn, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516432 
EFTA02013930

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013931.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013931.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Melanie 
From: 
Jeffrey pstein 
Subject: Re: Stalled ?? On Thu, Jun 9, 2011 at 9:30 PM, Melanie 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00516433 
EFTA02013931

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013932.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013932.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
• 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jefffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 6/14/2011 5:36:21 PM 
Subject: 
Jes Staley 
Please call JEs Staley...however he is in Greece..so don't call too late he 
says... 
EFTA_R1_00516435 
EFTA02013932

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013933.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013933.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffre E stein .c'eevacation@gmaii.com> 
To: 
Sent: 
Sat, Aug 13, 2011 8:59 pm 
EFTA_R1_00516436 
EFTA02013933

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013934.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > 
Received: 
Sat. 8 Oct 2011 21:33:20 
To: 
Subject: 
EFTA_R1_00518437 
EFTA02013934

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013935.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013935.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Ctgmail.compeevacation@gmail.comj: je Parisheevacation@gmail.com] 
Thur 7/21/2011 5:43:22 PM 
Thank you for your comment to my photo. especially for 
you my picture a week ago. natural and non-sexual with 
my new friends the Japanese. 
Regards, 
EFTA_R1_00516438 
EFTA02013935

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013936.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013936.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 11/8/2011 2:13:55 PM 
Subject: Re: Joe Ackerman conf call today 
ok 
On Nov 8, 2011, at 8:53 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
chris 
On Tue, Nov 8, 2011 at 7:50 AM 
wrote: 
I will request 5:00 today for just you, Darren and Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 8, 2011, at 7:43 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationegmail.com> wrote: 
On Tue, Nov 8, 2011 at 7:38 AM 
wrote: 
I am trying to set up a call with Joe Ackerman for you and Darren 
today after 2:30. Did you want Lilly or Chris on the call as well? 
Sent from my iPhone 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518439 
EFTA02013936
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to Lees acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516440 
EFTA02013937

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013938.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
• 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]: Jefffrey Epstein[jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Wed 7/20/2011 1:29:48 PM 
Subject: Reminder 
Reminder kazak, Terje 
EFTA_R1_00516441 
EFTA02013938

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013939.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013939.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> 
Thursday, June 30, 2011 10:03:48 PM 
EFTA_R1_00518442 
EFTA02013939

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013940.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013940.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.corn] Jeffrey Epstein 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 5/15/2012 1:51:08 PM 
Subject: Fwd: Alpine House 
I think she meant this for you... 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Peggy Siegal 
Date: Ma 15 2012 9:43:24 AM EDT 
To: 
Cc: 
Sub 
. 
. 
FYI- PhMip...how do we proceed?. 
I leave tonight for Cannes and back May 28th. 
Thanks. Peggy 
From: 
ailto:garysiegal@aol.com] 
Sent: ues ay, 
ay 
, 
09:38 AM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Subject: Alpine House 
We closed on the Alpine house yesterday, and the proceeds will be deposited in the estate 
account today. Under separate cover, I am forwarding you the closing statement. 
In addition, we have contract on the Palm Beach apartment for $525,000, and hope to 
close within 60 days. 
Gary 
EFTA_R1_00516444 
EFTA02013940

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013941.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013941.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
" 
" 
cation©gmail.com]; Jeffreleevacationegmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
Sun 10/21/2012 12:09:23 PM 
Subject Re: 
=texted : "Send me something? :) Its Rue du bocador! Not sure about the postalcode or 
boxnumber, just moved in.. Working now but will check later" 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 21 Oct 2012 07:35:47 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
can you imagine moving into a brand new apt for the first time and immediatly going to sleep. 
not likely 
On Sun, Oct 21, 2012 at 7:31 AM, <a 
wrote: 
confirmed 2pm. 
=I- 
called her twice, no answer (I remember she said she would be working on sunday as 
well). 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun. 21 Oct 2012 07.27.42 -0400 
To: 
Subj 
call her and ask her if she really moved in yet? or did she just get a key? please moves to 
oclock 
On Sun, Oct 21, 2012 at 5:33 AM, <
,• wrote: 
Just got a text fro 
ying "Hi! Sorry for my late reply! So tired yesterday after work, 
.
went straight to be : yes finally i have my apartment! Did your flight go well?" (I called her 
mil
a 
9.03pm and 9.17pm paris time) 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_00516445 
EFTA02013941
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationAgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516446 
EFTA02013942

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013943.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013943.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: George Delson is here! 
Sent: 
Thursday, April 14, 2011 7:06:17 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516447 
EFTA02013943

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013944.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013944.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'
y 
in 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 2/15/2011 5:37:32 PM 
Subject: 
What is passcode for your ipad 
EFTA_R1_00516448 
EFTA02013944

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013945.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmaitcom > Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2011 14:56:59 -0500 To: < 
> Subject: Re: Cello 155 On Tue, Feb 22, 2011 at 1:42 PM, < 
> wrote: 
Just heard from agent Eric Benning who met with owner today. They countered our 
150k at 175k. Please advise. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
***** ******** **************************** 
*********** 
* ****** The information
contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_00516449 
EFTA02013945

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013946.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Perry Gruss is here 
Sent: 
Wednesday, April 13, 2011 4:02:08 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516450 
EFTA02013946

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013947.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Karyna just called for you 
Sent: 
Friday, August 23, 2013 5:09:56 PM 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
EFTA_R1_00516451 
EFTA02013947

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013948.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey 
Thur 9/20/2012 10:31:17 AM 
Re: 
EFTA_R1_00516452 
EFTA02013948

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013949.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
Mon 8/15/2011 10:33:27 AM 
Le Royal Monceau 
- Raffles Pans 
Avenue Hoche 
7500 Pans 
Tel 
Fax • 
EFTA_R1_00516453 
EFTA02013949

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013950.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013950.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationepgmail.conteevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Fran: 
brice gordon 
Sent 
Mon 3/21/2011 6:37:39 PM 
Subject Re: Dobermans for Jeffrey 
will contact Global K9 Today and confirm 
On Mon, Mar 21, 2011 at 1:28 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jcevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
pretty, what is the financia deal 
On Mon, Mar 21, 2011 at 1:22 PM, brice gordon  
 wrote: 
Jeffrey 
just received this from Global K9, how do you wish to proceed 
----- Forwarded mevic 
From: Wendy Aston 
Date: Mon, Mar 21, 2011 at 1:07 PM 
Sub'ect: Dobermans for Jeffrey 
To: 
Brice, 
I have finally come up with a pair, with cars and tails done. They arc a handsome couple and can 
be ready to go with 24 hour notice. 
I have attached a few photos of each, his name is Echo and her name is Tulip. 
Thanks, 
Wendy 
Brice Gordon 
Little Saint James 
USVI 
Phone 
*********************************************************** 
EFTA_R1_00516455 
EFTA02013950
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOgmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Brie Gordon 
Little Saint James 
USVI 
Phone: 
EFT&R1_00516456 
EFTA02013951

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013952.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013952.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < teeyacation@gmail.com > Date: Tue, 15 Feb 2011 06:16:31 -0500 To: < 
> Subject: Re: vd day past dates? On Tue, Feb 15, 2011 at 4:16 AM, < 
> wrote: 
hi honey here you heading of on your world tour, the new stable 
which is crapy as I'm coming past you but i here you'll be in Paris, so if you 
fancy 
EFTA_R1_00516457 
EFTA02013952

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013953.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013953.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey epstein 
Sent: 
Tue 2/28/2012 5:14:00 AM 
Tried to call twice , I want to give or send you money. I don't like it that you 
have none. 
EFT&R1_00516458 
EFTA02013953

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013954.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013954.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
Sun, 17 Jun 2012 11:22:35 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00516460 
EFTA02013954

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013955.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013955.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 5/3/2011 3:35:20 AM 
Jeffrey epstein 
More wine 
EFTA_R1_00516461 
EFTA02013955

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013956.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013956.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'
sr 
in 
mail.con[jeeyacationetgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
Fran: 
Sent 
Mon 6/6/2011 9:30:58 AM 
Subject Re: 
;))) of course. 
i go now with Daniel to see the boats outside of paris to book it for Russian receptions. 
i have lunch their with all these people. 
how was the taxi? 
good? he arrived on time? 
Best regards, 
Ornpatueao c iPhone 
06.06.2011, a 11:22, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> tuanacan(a): 
arc you awake? 
***** *************************** ******* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516462 
EFTA02013956

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013957.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013957.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 
From: 
Subject: Glenn Dubin 
Sent: 
Tuesday, June 7, 2011 8:19:12 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00518463 
EFTA02013957

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013958.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013958.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > 
Received: 
Sat, 27 Mar 2010 15:04:20 
To: 
< 
> 
EFTA_R1_00516465 
EFTA02013958

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013959.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013959.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcom[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmall.corn] 
From: 
lana zakocela 
Sent 
Thur 12/1/2011 10:19:03 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Really hard to resist Jeffrey..:)) 
but it left last couple of weeks before Christmas. 
I will ask agent for my schedule for the next week. :) 
hope you are feeling great wherever you are!!! 
kisses to you.. 
xxxx 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <eevacation 
mail.com> 
To: lana zakocela 
Sent: Thursday, 1 December 2011. 23:09 
Subject: Re: 
yes„ or come next wek 
On Thu, Dec 1, 2011 at 6:05 PM, lana zakocela - 
Are you inviting me to ur island..? is that right? :) 
From: jeffrey epstein .cieevacafionanmail.com>
To: iana zakocela 
Sent: Thursday, 1 December 2011, 20:49 
Subject: Re: 
wrote: 
Come to caribean tomorow 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 1, 2011, at 3:13 PM, lana zakocela AMMINIMIMMEIMENIF wrote: 
Jeffrey,how are you? xxx 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_00516469 
EFTA02013959
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516470 
EFTA02013960

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013961.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013961.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Je mail[jeevacation@gmaitcom] 
From: 
Sent: 
Fri 5/18/2012 11:23:32 AM 
Shall I confirm to my friend that I'm sleeping over at her place tonight after 
visiting you? 
Sent from my BlackBerryIS wireless device 
EFTA_R1_00516472 
EFTA02013961

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013962.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013962.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmaitcomfjeevacation©gmail.comj: Jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
From: 
Claudia Leschuck 
Sent 
Fri 2/24/2012 6:07:14 PM 
Subject: RE: RE: 
Great! Do you have any dietary preferences or allergies I should convey to the chef? 
From: Jeffrey epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, February 24, 2012 10:06 AM 
To: Claudia Leschuck 
Subject: Re: RE: 
Yes I can thanks 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 24, 2012, at 10:55 AM, "Claudia Leschuck" <
 wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey .... 
Nathan is co-hosting the dinner party with Craig Mundie at 55$ East American 
Steakhouse Wednesday, Feb 29th at 7P, located just two blocks from the TED conference 
center. Please let us know if you are available to attend. 
All best, 
Claudia 
<image001.jpg> 
EFTA_R1_00516473 
EFTA02013962
--- PAGE 2 ---
Claudia Leschuck 
Sr. Assistant to Nathan Myhrvold 
E 
F 
M 
<image002.pne 
THIS MESSAGE MAY CONTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION WHICH MAY ALSO BE LEGALLY PRIVILEGED INFORMATION. 
IF YOU ARE NOT AN INTENDED RECIPIENT OF THE MESSAGE, PLEASE DELETE IT AND NOTIFY THE SENDER VIA REPLY 
EMAIL. ANY UNAUTHORIZED DISSEMINATION, DISTRIBUTION OR COPYING OF THE MATERIAL IN THIS MESSAGE, AND 
ANY ATTACHMENTS TO THE MESSAGE, IS STRICTLY FORBIDDEN. 
From: Nathan Myhrvold 
Sent: Friday, February 24, 2012 8:59 AM 
To: ')eevacation
gmail.comi
Cc: Claudia Leschuck 
Subject: Re: 
Come to my dinner paerty wednesday! 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacationegmail.com>
To: Nathan Myhrvold 
Sent: Fri Feb 24 08:16:35 2012 
Subject: 
EFTA_R1_00516474 
EFTA02013963
--- PAGE 3 ---
look forward to seeing you at ted 
************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_0051 6475 
EFTA02013964

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013965.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013965.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.compeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeevacation[jeevacation@gmaii cam] 
From: 
Faith Kates 
Sent 
Mon 12/13/2010 9:28:41 PM 
Subject: RE: RE: 
Ok call me on cell later 
From: Jeevacation [mailtoueevacation©gmail.corn] 
Sent: Monday, December 13, 2010 4:25 PM 
To: Faith Kates 
Subject: Re: RE: 
New mexico 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 13, 2010, at 2:24 PM, Faith Kates e
> wrote: 
Cant call me when you can everyone is after him seeing him tomorrow at 10 but ill 
explain when I talk to you where are you these days 
From: Jeevacation [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, December 13, 2010 4:20 PM 
To: Faith Kates 
Subject: Re: 
Write it I'm in meeting 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 13, 2010, at 2:09 PM, Faith Kates <
 wrote: 
Buzz me about Kevin its important... 
NOTE This message including any attachments contains information. some or all of which. may be 
proprietary or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message 
EFTA_R1_00518477 
EFTA02013965
--- PAGE 2 ---
by error. please notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You. the recipient. are 
obligated to maintain it in a safe. secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure 
to maintain confidentiality could subtect you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next 
Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not responsible for errors or omissions in this 
message or any attachments. 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information. some or all of which. may be proprietary or legally 
privileged. It is for the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please notify us immediately 
and destroy the related message. You. the recipient, are obligated to maintain it in a safe. secure, and confidential 
manner. Unauthonzed re-disclosure or failure to maintain confidentiality could subject you to penalties described in 
Federal and State law. Next Management. LLC and any affiliate companies are not responsible for errors or omissions in 
this message or any attachments 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of which. may be proprietary or legally privileged. It is for 
the intended recipient only. If you have received this message by error, please notify us immediately and destroy the related message. You. 
the recipient. are obligated to maintain it in a safe, secure. and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure to maintain 
confidentiality could subject you to penalties described in Federal and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies arc not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments.
EFTA_R1_00516478 
EFTA02013966

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013967.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; jeevacation[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
HipGeo 
Sent: 
Mon 10/3/2011 7:01:16 AM 
Subject: HipGeo Daily Summary for jeevacation 
Title: i Hi Geo 
Il
•
Daily Summary for October 2nd, 2011 
alerts 
Click here to add a profile photo 
Click here to complete your profile 
Click here to activate your email 
my day details 
Where were you? We missed you! 
Run HipGeo on your mobile phone to get a daily record of where you go and how you get there. 
Share important events in your life with friends. 
© 2010-2011 HipGeo 
EFTA_R1_00516479 
EFTA02013967

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013968.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013968.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.corn]: Jefffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 6/30/2011 3:27:47 PM 
Subject David Gergen 
David Gergen will be calling his office shortly...his assistant, Nancy, will let 
him know you wish to speak with him (she says he would like to speak with you as 
well). She will try to have him call you back today. David does have a 12:00 
meeting so it will hopefully be sometime after this. 
EFTA_R1_00516480 
EFTA02013968

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013969.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.corn[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation 
mail.corn 'eevacation@grnail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Wed 9/5/2012 3:58:03 PM 
Subject: 
Sea Doo purhcase 
Jeffrey,. 
for your approval. Yellow and Black SeaDoo RXT-X260 the one you liked during our visit. 
list price $14,699.00 
my negotiated price $14,000.00 
is this approved to purchase? 
thank you, 
Larry 
EFTA_R1_00516481 
EFTA02013969

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013970.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 
Tue 10/23/2012 1:38:53 PM 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_005184132 
EFTA02013970

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013971.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
da Silva, Rosa M 
Sent: 
Fri 8/3/2012 7:41:26 PM 
Jeffrey, please can you call Jes on his cell, Ia. 
Thank you, Rosa 
EFTA_R1_00516484 
EFTA02013971

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013972.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.conteevacationellgmail.cont Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
Fran: 
Sent 
Fri 7/22/2011 11:36:42 AM 
Subject Re: 
Will do 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 22, 2011, at 7:34 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
sue has a cd ..make copies„ have scott do it, send to marty, roy , alan, jay, lily, 
jack,reid with a note that says enclosed , find the some of the video depos from 
the civil cases . These represent the main civil protagonists.- some of the innocent , 
victims of alleged federal crimes.. No one has ever seen these from the govt. lets 
be clear, I am not proud of the taste level they appear to represent , but a far cry 
from school girls off the soccer field 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jgcsacatioragi_nail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516486 
EFTA02013972

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013973.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Farkas(@]: Andrew L.(@] 
From: 
Jeevacation 
Subject: 
Re: Re: 
He was removed as chairman of Dubai world today 
EFTA_R1_00516489 
EFTA02013973

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013974.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > To: 
> Sent: 
Wednesday, November 9, 2011 6:14 PM Subject: Re: sho in I meant the to bo Sor 
for all the 
typos .Sent from my iPhone On Nov 9, 2011, at 11:15 PM, 
> wrote: 
YES to the pump. try it From: Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation©gmail.com > To: 
> Sent: Wednesday, November 9. 2011 4:11 PM Subject: Re: shopping im 
jealous On Wed, Nov 9, 2011 at 10:09 PM, 
> wrote: 
someone is going to have fun --
****************** ***** ************************ ***** ******* The information
contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA_R1_00516490 
EFTA02013974

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013975.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Ian Osborne 
Sent 
Fri 9/30/2011 9:40:46 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Thinking about tomorrow & Sunday. 
Was in DC yesterday - I think we've sorted Yuri on the right immigration path - your advice 
much appreciated. 
Iceland tonight to meet Decode and stopping in London early tomorrow but my young protégé 
Jacob Burda is friends with Karl Lagerfeld who suggested we see him in Paris this weekend. 
I am sure you and he would have lots to talk about... will you be around? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com>
Date: Fri, 30 Sep 2011 04:53:46 +0200 
To: Ian Osborne 
when are you comimg to paris 
******* ************** 
** ***** * ********** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationOgmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516491 
EFTA02013975

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013976.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation 
mail.com 
From: 
Scott Denett 
Subject: 
test 2 
Sent: 
Monday, March 21, 2011 2:06:36 PM 
To: 
J Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516492 
EFTA02013976

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013977.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Cc: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject• Re: 
Tue 7/5/2011 1:22:25 PM 
il.comtieevacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
I have spoken to lyn and Lesley who say .= 
cleaned on Friday so they were clean this 
morning' I will organise for louella to go in from tomorrow morning to clean 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 5 Jul 2011, at 09:15, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
louella can clean the offices, I should not have to be involved in these decisionls 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510493 
EFTA02013977

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013978.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
is here! 
Sent: 
Thursday, May 2, 2013 2:07:59 PM 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516494 
EFTA02013978

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013979.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Story 
Sent 
Thur 3/29/2012 9:32:26 PM 
Subject: Re: Jes Staley 
Yes 
EFTA_R1_00516496 
EFTA02013979

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013980.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013980.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein 
CCUeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Fri 5/11/2012 9:03:42 PM 
Subject: 
Lunch 
Below are the email discussions back and forth between me, 
and ■ 
regarding 
all of the upcoming breakfasts, lunches and dinners you were to have...I have been 
asking about all of this since May 1...I have been emailing everyone your schedule on 
a consistent basis. The lunch should have been no surprise to anyone. I really thought 
since ■ 
was the one discussing Frances with you, she would, and should, have taken 
the ball and run with it...I did ask her outright on May 7th re Frances also handling the 
lunch. I need to be able to count on 
and 
to help handle these things. Also 
want to mention, in the past when we had no chef, food was always discussed the day 
of as what to order. ....I also know breakfast, lunch and dinner can often happen day 
of... it wouldn't be a bad thing to see how Frances handled preparation on the 
fly...similar to what today held (lunch w/Jes at noon...but then was cancelled) 
On May 1, 2012, at 7:53 PM, Lesley Groff < 
wrote: 
Next week Jeffrey has a dinner w/Woody Allen and Soon Yi on Wed. May 9th at 
7:30...at the moment it is just them, but I'll bet JE adds on... 
JE probably has another dinner with Dr. Magnani and Dean Ira Lamster (of the dental 
school I believe) on Tuesday May 8th at 7:30...1 have asked JE if he wants this to be a 
dinner but he did not respond...1 will ask again as the date approaches... 
JE has a breakfast w/Richard Wurman and someone named Alex on Tuesday May 8th 
at 8:15... 
Did you want to talk to Frances about any of this so he is aware? Will Frances be 
doing breakfasts or will that remain a Lyn or Ofelia thing?... 
Just want to discuss now with y'all so we are prepared! I will of course send you JE's 
up to the minute Itinerary constantly :) I will send today around 4pm with the latest... 
EFTA_R1_00516497 
EFTA02013980
--- PAGE 2 ---
Response from 
on May 1: 
I think we need to see what the outcome is with Francis this week on LSJ. I believe this 
is his final test before we hire for real. 
On 7 May 2012, at 12:20, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
will Frances the chef be handling anything this week? JE has a potential dinner 
tomorrow night at 7:30 w/lra Lamster and Dr. Magnani (I have asked if he wants this to 
be a dinner , but he didn't answer...will ask again today) JE also has Woody Allen 
coming for dinner Wed at 7:30...then Gov. Richardson for lunch on Thursday at 
12:00... 
just curious!! 
On May 7, 2012, at 12:54 PM, 
wrote: 
Yes, Frances is going to come tomorrow and he will be doing tomorrow nights and 
Wednesday nights dinner. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Subject: Re: frances chef... 
From: lesley Groff arb.e
Date: May 7, 2012 12:57:26 PM EDT 
To: 
Cc: 
>, Ofelia Banasiak 
EFTA_R1_00516498 
EFTA02013981
--- PAGE 3 ---
> 
ok, great... the lunch as well on Thursday? 
Also, Has JE told you 
or you 
that tomorrow night is for sure a dinner? I 
would like to let the 2 gentlemen know who are coming to come hungry! :) 
EFTA_R1_00516499 
EFTA02013982

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013983.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation@gmail.cont Jeffreleevacationegmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 10/23/2012 12:14:50 AM 
Subject: photo.JPG 
photo.JPG 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA_R1_00516500 
EFTA02013983

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013984.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeeyacation@gmail.com > 
To: 
junkermann 
Sent: 
Sat Aug 14 19:51:46 2010 
Subject: Re: Can we speak? 
EFTA_R1_00516503 
EFTA02013984

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013985.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: From: jeevacation©gmail.com To: 
WAHT DID YOU DEVCIDE/? — 
1111* 
***IN* • ***** 
The information contained In this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. 
It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of 
this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_00516504 
EFTA02013985

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013986.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
jeffrey epstein 
Sent 
Tue 10/23/2012 12:01:53 PM 
Subject Photo from Sep 5, 2012 
EFTA_R1_00516505 
EFTA02013986
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA_R1_00516506 
EFTA02013987

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013988.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: 
ok 
eitcomUeeyacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmaii.com] 
Fri 6/3/2011 6:50:24 PM 
Best regards, 
Ornpaenetio c iPhone 
03.06.2011, a 20:33, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Hanucan(a): 
come over when you are finiished take taxi„ i will give you monye 
On Fri, Jun 3, 2011 at 7:50 PM, 
a 
wrote: 
i am going to the meeting about paintinhs now as i told you today in the morning, 
after let me know if you have time to see me and we can discuss. 
Best regards, 
Ornpanneno c iPhone 
03.06.2011, B 19:36, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationegmail.com> Hanucan(a): 
take taxi„ i will pay 
On Fri, Jun 3, 2011 at 7:34 PM, 
wrote: 
‹
> 
i also wanted to discuss with you as far as i am running everywhere 
by metro, or taxi (if i have chance to catch it) 
maybe if i go to see girls and maybe so other your business i can use 
your driver and another solution... like for example now, i have a 
call-2 girls can be good , but i need to go to see them outside of 
paris, 20 min away but still, taxi not going there and the metro 
either..and they cant come to paris 
EFTA_R1_00516507 
EFTA02013988
--- PAGE 2 ---
i could be much more productive and fast... 
let me know 
2011/6/3 Jeffrey Epstein leevacationegmail.com>
no 
On Fri, Jun 3, 2011 at 6:58 PM, 
wrote: 
I found one danser, available for today..didnt see her in real, but 
can meet her before... 
I am not big fan, i think she looks cheap 
but let me know... 
23yo 
2011/6/3 jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
As I said , you need to show me first 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 3, 2011, at 5:30 PM, 
wrote: 
i dont want to disappoint you!! 
i am learning and know you already a little bit better, 
but it's true i dont have a lot of girls in town 
and i don't know s0000 much, but little by little i 
will. 
I also not working anymore at model agency whats 
makes the things more difficult 
+still need to be here every day at Elite, 
if i could fully dedicate myself to work with you, i 
am sure i could be more productive. 
as you can see, i am doing my best, because i like 
you a lot and i like to spend time with you. 
Lets open a model agency? or i will work for you full time? 
kisses 
P.S miss you 
2011/6/3 jeffrey epstein iccvacation@gmail.com>
EFTA_R1_00516508 
EFTA02013989
--- PAGE 3 ---
I'm sorry you are bored. I wanted you to know that 
I am disappointed. I measure what happens as 
opposed to words. This week has not been fruitful 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 3, 2011, at 4:12 PM,• 
wrote: 
> i am at the store.. alone... and its nobody !I;( 
> Best regards, 
> Ornpasneito c iPhone 
> 03.06.2011, B 15:01, jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com> Harnican(a): 
>> Should we bring the girls from Moscow to Paris? 
>> Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
Best regards, 
ELITE RETAIL 
Store Manager 
14, Avenue George V 
75008 Paris France 
www.elitemodelworld.com 
EFTA R1_00516509 
EFTA02013990
--- PAGE 4 ---
Best regards, 
ELITE RETAIL 
Store Manager 
14, Avenue George V 
75008 Paris France 
www.elitemodelworld.com 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Best regards, 
ELITE RETAIL 
Store Manager 
14, Avenue George V 
EFTA R1_00510510 
EFTA02013991
--- PAGE 5 ---
75008 Paris. France 
www.eliteinodelworld.com 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
************************************** 
********************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationagmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516511 
EFTA02013992

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013993.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
From: 
IneilSles 
Sent 
Thursday, July 19, 2012 6:19:34 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation©grnail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516512 
EFTA02013993

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013994.pdf
----------------------------------------
S ' 
• 
Re: relax room From: jeevacation@gmail.com Date: Fri, 3 Jun 2011 18:05:49 +0200 To: 
Sam le? So 
for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Jun 3, 2011, at 6:01 
PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: hi Jeffrey, 
EFTA_R1_00516513 
EFTA02013994

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013995.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Melanie Spinenal 
Fran: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent 
Wed 4/17/2013 10:38:51 AM 
The key is to have a legitimate business interest — beyond the discounts - for setting up the 
family limited partnership. One example might be jointly managing the collective wealth of a 
family to gain access to better managers. Another might be operating an illiquid asset like a family 
business or a portfolio of buildings. A family can also use a partnership as a stealth prenuptial 
agreement since all the assets are wrapped up in the partnership and not easily dividable. 
"They still work, but there has been a lot of I.R.S. scrutiny over the past few years, particularly 
over abusive partnerships," said Dan Schrauth, a wealth adviser at J. P. Morgan Private Bank. 
"Clients need to be very careful about how they're setting up partnerships. The devil is really in 
the details." 
WHEN DID YOU SET IT UP? Setting up a partnership on a parent's deathbed will certainly 
draw scrutiny. The most cited case involves the $10 million estate of Albert Strangi, a Texan who 
made his money in manufacturing and was in declining health when his son-in-law moved nearly 
all his assets into a family limited partnership. After seven years of litigation, the federal courts 
ruled that the partnership had been set up solely to avoid estate taxes. 
"If you want to maximize the amount you can put into a partnership, you want to hold back 
enough assets that you have access to them," said David Berek, a director in Credit Suisse's 
Family Wealth Management. "You don't want to reach into the partnership, as they did in 
Strangi, to make nursing home payments." 
This is the extreme example, but it makes the point that timing as well as intent count. 
Joel Yudenfreund, a wealth adviser at Citi Private Bank, said it was important to let time lapse 
between putting assets into the partnership, giving the interests to your children and taking the 
discount. Otherwise, the I.R.S. could rule the whole amount was a taxable gift. 
"There's no magic bullet to it, but if you could wait 30 days, it would be good," he said. 
Still, there are no guarantees. "Even if you do all the right things, you can't ever say to a client 
that you're O.K.," he said. "Any court can say, `We don't buy off on your nontax purpose.' " 
HOW DO YOU MAINTAIN IT? For a family limited partnership to seen as legitimate, it needs 
to be run as a true business. This means regular meetings and audits. 
********** 
******* 
* *************** 
************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_00516514 
EFTA02013995
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516515 
EFTA02013996

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013997.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationtagmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Alexia Righi 
Sent 
Wed 5/16/2012 6:16:08 PM 
When r u in town? Dying to see u and show u the new and improved Alexia ;p 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00516516 
EFTA02013997

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013998.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Please feel free to go on your hunch about Reid in Silicon Valley. :)) 
Sent: 
Thursday, November 21, 2013 5:42:30 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516517 
EFTA02013998

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02013999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02013999.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacatiamail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 11/28/2011 2:01:07 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Was great talking talking to you! 
I did change the position but I just don't understand why it hurt (usually it doesn't), that's what I want 
to know. 
I really need to practise talking this week. 
Von: Jeffrey Epstein <'eevacation 
mail.com> 
An: 
Gesendet: 12:13 Montag, 28.November 2011 
Betreff: Re: 
first„ if it hurts..more than a few minutes STOP. just say lets do something else.. you should 
never accept non plcasurcalc pain. 
On Sun, Nov 27, 2011 at 1:33 PM, 
(ia> 
wrote: 
That's my number: 
When would you like to call me? I'll go for a run now and be home in an hour. 
v 
n r m i
ni> 
An: 
Gesendet: 11:43 Sonntag, 27.November 2011 
Betreff: Re: 
phone? 
On Sun, Nov 27, 2011 at 6:22 AM, 
Thank you. 
s 
< 
v 
on 
cm> 
An: 
Gesendet: 7:47 Sonntag, 27.November 2011 
Betreff: Re: 
ana
> wrote: 
but remember to tell him how great he was„ even if you are in control. .. 
On Sat, Nov 26, 2011 at 10:54 PM, 
<Se 
wrote: 
You are such a God! 
I had another experiment. Everything works you taught me. I'm so controlling the whole situation - I 
really enjoy that, a lot. I want to learn more! Are you coming to Paris in December? 
You were right about the wrist. 
An: 
p 
< 
ion 
m itcom> 
Gesendet: 13:10 Freitag, 25.November 2011 
Betreff: Re: 
send me a phone number , I prefer to speak 
EFTA_R1_00516518 
EFTA02013999
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Fri, Nov 25, 2011 at 5:07 AM, 
How wrists?? 
E 
b<e 
t 
I com> 
An: 
Gesendet: 7:41 Freitag, 25.November 2011 
Betreff: 
wrists 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to kevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ice\ acation©gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00516519 
EFTA02014000
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(y, umail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************** 
****** *************** 
******** 
***MAMMA* 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA_R1_00516520 
EFTA02014001
--- PAGE 4 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516521 
EFTA02014002

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014003.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epstein 
CCUeeyacation 
mail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 5/8/2012 7:08:51 PM 
Subject: Little= 
Little 
has texted back re a car: 
EFTA_R1_00516525 
EFTA02014003

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014004.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Sun 12/11/2011 4:04:27 PM 
Subject: Re: David Dalrymple 
Great. 
I'm open 11-12,5-6. 
Seeing Barnaby & Michelle (and mandarin) noon, Saturday. 
Xo 
Typos, misspellings courtesy of iPhone word & thought substitution. 
On Dec 11, 2011, at 2:46 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacatimagmail.com> wrote: 
I should be due on fri lets set some time 
On Sun, Dec 11, 2011 at 4:38 AM 
wrote: 
F! 
Sounds like you've just started a fun gathering USVI... I met David when he was 14 --
smart, fascinating human. Sounds like you have a fun group of scifi folks also. 
Great that Marvin is doing this. 
If you're in NY later in the week, let me know. I'll be seeing Bamaby on Saturday (day), 
12/17; Brian Greene and Tracy Day on 12/15...otherwise, in meetings... 
Happy holidays!! 
xo 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA_R1_00516526 
EFTA02014004
--- PAGE 2 ---
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516527 
EFTA02014005

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014006.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Reminder Gov Richardson - Andres 
ail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Sat 7/14/2012 2:09:04 PM 
Reminder that you wanted to speak to Gov. Richardson regarding Andres 
EFTA_R1_00516529 
EFTA02014006

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014007.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
ail.comueevacationagmail.comj: Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Sun 3/20/2011 11:51:23 PM 
asked in a message if you are in the city 
EFTA_R1_00516530 
EFTA02014007

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014008.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <eevacation 
mail.com> 
To: 
Received: 
Sat, 27 Feb 2010 14:46:29 -0500 
EFTA_R1_00516531 
EFTA02014008

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014009.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
Received: 
Wed, 8 Aug 2012 15:20:29 
To: 
EFTA_R1_00516532 
EFTA02014009

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014010.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; Je vacation[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 12/15/2011 2:33:33 AM 
Subject 
Fw: Fwd: Counter Offer 
Jeffrey, 
Don wants to confirm his counter offer is ok to send to Terak? Don received your "ok" email, but 
he's double checking? 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Don Bass n 
Date: Wed, 14 Dec 2011 21:24:22 -0500 
To: Larry Visoskia> 
Subject: Fwd: Counter Offer 
Larry 
Just received this from Jeffrey. Are we good to send my suggested counter with the revised 
Exhibit A toTarek? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: jeffrey epstein icevacation@gmail.com>
Date: December 14, 2011 6:31:47 PM EST 
To: Don Bass 
Subject: Re: Counter Offer 
Ok 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dcc 14, 2011, at 5:54 PM, Don Bass 
Jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
Attached is a suggested counter offer at 4.5M with 500K included for 
interior, avionics, and entertainment, as clarified and incorporated into a 
revised Exhibit A attached hereto. 
EFTA_R1_00516535 
EFTA02014010
--- PAGE 2 ---
I understand your desire to exclude some or all of the C Check expense. 
My concern is that delivering the aircraft with a fresh C2C inspection has 
always been something that we have agreed to include in the deal, both 
verbally and in our written counter offers. 
We run the risk of being perceived as changing the deal and this will, most 
likely, not go over well. 
I understand that the C inspection is a significant expense; however, from a 
market value standpoint, it does not add a lot of value to the aircraft as it is 
required to keep the aircraft in an airworthy condition. The plane cannot 
be flown without completing it. 
I believe that there is another component of the C inspection due in 12 
months — and the buyer is aware of this. 
Let me know your thoughts regarding a counter offer. 
Regards, 
Don Bass 
<Exhibit A (1 ).pdf> 
EFTA_R1_00516536 
EFTA02014011

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014012.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: Reminder to talk to 
and 
about Christmas 
Thur 12/15/2011 6:18:12 PM 
EFTA_R1_00516537 
EFTA02014012

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014013.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation&maitcom 
Subject: Hello 
To: 
"Jefry Palm Beach office <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
From: 
Received: 
Wed, 17 Aug 2011 23:22:53 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00516538 
EFTA02014013

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014014.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Boris Nikolic 
From: 
Jeffrey epstein 
Sent: 
Sat 10/29/2011 8:57:04 PM 
EFTA_R1_00516539 
EFTA02014014

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014015.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
maitcomueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation@gmaii corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 2/28/2013 2:42:25 PM 
Subject Re: 
just to confirm, you would like me to try to set up a dinner with Leon Black AND Tim Zagat for 
March 19th or 20th, correct? 
On Feb 28, 2013, at 8:33 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
trhy to set up dinner on 19th or 20th 
On Thu, Feb 28, 2013 at 8:32 AM, 
wrote: 
We did not set up a call. We hoped for a get together with you, Leon black and 
Tim Zagat. Leon is in Berlin. Would you like me to try to set up a call? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 28, 2013, at 8:14 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacationagmail.com> wrote: 
didn;t we set up a Icon black call . or did we cancel for today 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@amail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA_R1_00516540 
EFTA02014015
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516541 
EFTA02014016

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014017.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
is here 
Sent: 
Sunday, May 1, 2011 6:09:32 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein leevacation©grnail.corn> 
EFTA_R1_00516542 
EFTA02014017

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014018.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: Re: (no subject) 
Thur 6/23/2011 6:13:53 PM 
this is based on today's wind of +27 kts, and direct flight, my *out" would be Boriquen on west side of Puerto 
Rico island, which would be US soil as oppose to stopping in Punta Cana or any other international port,. 
I'll have Universal run a real time routing flight plan at long range cruise, I cannot do it at .80M it would be at 
.76m 
In a message dated 6/23/2011 2:05:18 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time, jeevacation©gmail.com writes: 
would we have made it today„ what is the out? 
On Thu, Jun 23. 2011 at 2:04 PM, 
wrote: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: June 23, 2011 2:01:11 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Re: (no subject) 
flight time is 6+55min in Gulfstream with +27kt tailwind, its a definite maybe on the day of the 
flight with winds,. 
In a message dated 6/23/2011 1:47:19 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time, 
writes: 
je is wondering if you can make it straight from Seattle to St.Thomas nonstop 
in gulfstream 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationaqmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516543 
EFTA02014018

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014019.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
ieevacationtWomail.com 
From: 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: No subject 
Sent: 
Tuesday, June 7, 2011 2:33:16 AM 
EFTA_R1_00516546 
EFTA02014019

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014020.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014020.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
jeffrey epstein 
Sent: 
Wed 3/21/2012 8:45:18 PM 
Subject: 
Re: 
z 
EFTA_R1_00516547 
EFTA02014020

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014021.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.corn]; jeffrey epstein(jeeyacation©gmail.comj 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Thur 3/3/2011 10:18:11 PM 
Subject: RE: 
You bet 
Mope you got energized;) 
Pull in some interesting people 
EFTA_R1_00516548 
EFTA02014021

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014022.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacationellgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sandrine PAYET 
Sent 
Thur 11/3/2011 7:08:35 PM 
Subject: Re: 
And what about loosing my new job? :) 
will try to make something good for you, but you should try at the "Moulin Rouge", trust me ;) 
bad boy! 
2011/11/3 Jeffrey Epstein tgyacation@gmail.com> 
I will be in paris for the next two weeks„ maybe you find a friend at the horse place 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518552 
EFTA02014022

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014023.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeNmaitcom[jeeyacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Thur 9/15/2011 3:26:33 PM 
Subject: Re: Priveleged & Confidential 
ok, I will organize Brock early 
and instead of 1:00 for Vera Casa Grande, I will organize her through 
D for late Sunday 
night. 
On Sep 15, 2011, at 11:23 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
brock early „ vcra casa grandc . late sun day night 
On Thu, Sep 15, 2011 at 11:20 AM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
will do all!! How about Brock Pierce on Sunday as well?? We need to schedule 
him in...or maybe you are working on it... 
On Sep 15, 2011, at 11:19 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
cancel ellis, 
add 
sat night„ ask 
if they want to bring 
jeff sachs by the house. ? 
On Thu, Sep 15, 2011 at 11:07 AM, Lesley Groff <=I
> wrote: 
September 17, Saturday 
JE to fly back to NY Saturday 
evening. 
September 18, Sunday 
EFTA_R1_00516554 
EFTA02014023
--- PAGE 2 ---
Louella & Valdson arrive today 
Misse (need to book-her 
flight itinerary states she departs 
today, 19th) 
Brock Pierce (need to book) 
9:30 TENATIVE appt w/Karina 
1:00 TENATIVE appt 
D's friend 
??? Appt w 
& Boris 
(afternoon after their lunch w/Jeff 
Sachs) 
3:30 Appt w/Ian Osborne & Sean 
Parker (Ian 
)(Sean ?) 
4:00 Appt w/Katherine Keating 
EFTA_R1_00516555 
EFTA02014024
--- PAGE 3 ---
6:30 Appt w/Hind Alowais 
7:30 Appt w/Jes Staley 
September 19, Monday 
12:00 Conference Call w/David 
Mitchell & Todd Boehly (Dial in: 
Code: 
9167070757# LEADER CODE: 
*3741# (star 3741 pound) 
3:00 Appt w/Dangene & Jennie at 
Core Club 
EFTA_R1_00516556 
EFTA02014025
--- PAGE 4 ---
Early Evening ...Go see Woody 
Allen rehearsal w Tom Pritzker 
(Tom 
t) 
7:30 on...Ehud Barak available 
September 20, Tuesday 
September 21, Wednesday 
12:30 Lunch w/Ellis Rubenstein, 
Joanna Rubenstein and Eva at 71st 
5-9:00 Eva Andersson-Dubin's 
EFTA _R1_00516557 
EFTA02014026
--- PAGE 5 ---
Antiques, Art & Design at the 
Armory (643 Park Ave, 66t1 & 
Park) WE RSVP'd YES Plus 1 
September 22, Thursday 
??? Lunch w/Jonathon Farkas & 
Charles Stevenson (NEED TIME) 
September 23, Friday 
6-9:00 Dan Ariely TED X Event 
(says Sold Out) 
*Ehud Barak available after 
7:OOpm* 
EFTA _R1_00516558 
EFTA02014027
--- PAGE 6 ---
PEOPLE TO SEE 
-Sean Parker (Sat. 17 Late? Sun 
18th?) 
-Ian Osborne (Sun. 18th) 
-Yuri (Sun. 181 
-George Mitchell 
-Barnaby Marsh 
-Ehud Barak (Mon. 19 from 7:30 
on or Fri. 23 from 7:00 on) 
-Tom Pritzker (Monday 19th) 
-Karim 
-Sultan 
-Nina's Uncle, President of Ivory 
Coast, Outarra 
EFTA_R1_00516559 
EFTA02014028
--- PAGE 7 ---
(in town from Fri 
Sept 16-Wed. Sept 21) 
-Boris Nikolic 
-Bill Richardson 
-Terje Roed Larsen 
-Abdullah 
Hamad 
-Woody Allen (Mon. 19'" early 
evening) 
-Ellis & Joanna Rubenstein, Eva 
(Lunch Wed. 21st at 12:30) 
-Jonathon Farkas & Charles 
Stevenson (Lunch Thurs. 22"d) 
-Kazak 
-Brock Pierce (Sun. 18'") 
-Hind Alowais (Sun. 18'" 6:30) 
-Jes Staley (Sun. 18'") 
-Misse (Sun. 181 
-Karina (Sun. 181 
EFTA31_00516560 
EFTA02014029
--- PAGE 8 ---
-Dr. Axel 
-Marvin 
-Kissinger 
-Miller 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to k_c‘ acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_00516561 
EFTA02014030
--- PAGE 9 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516562 
EFTA02014031

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014032.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Steven Sinofsky 
Sent: 
Tue 12/18/2012 10:45:44 PM 
Subject: RE: 
ok 
Sent from Windows Mail 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: December 18, 2012 2:45 PM 
To: 
, MD, Steven Sinofsky 
Subject: 
relax for holidays. you both are wound tight 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516563 
EFTA02014032

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014033.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Sent 
Wed 4/3/2013 12:13:43 PM 
Subject: Re: 
It all depends On which part if the world you want them to work and what nationality you want 
The best advice however from many people is that Japanese are very well mannered , matriculate , 
smart and very loyal and obedient especially ex air hostesses 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 3 Apr 2013, at 16:05, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@grnail,corn> wrote: 
I need to re do my staff.. i am looking for great service peopl, house manager, 
servants etc. idea? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516565 
EFTA02014033

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014034.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation 
mail.comheevacation@gmail.cont jeffrey epsteinueevacallomagmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
ur /1 / 1 11:53:26 AM 
Subject 
RE: 
could you call me ? 
Date: Thu, 17 May 2012 13:50:28 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
im in paris 
On Thu, May 17, 2012 at 1:15 PM, Mary Prusakova <Mfl
-> wrote: 
jeffrey.. write me please! 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518566 
EFTA02014034

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014035.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.compeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein 
CCUeevacation 
Cc: 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Wed 10/26/2011 6:05:54 PM 
Subject: Harvard so far... 
Waiting to hear back from Marc Hauser, George Church, Dan Gilbert, 
David Gergen. I did connect with David Gergen's assistant, Nancy, who 
says David flies in tonight at 5pm from Arkansas. As you know, Larry 
Summers is not around...but his assistant wanted you to know he will be 
at the Cape all weekend just hanging out with his wife if you might 
happen to be around... 
9:00 Appt w/Martin Nowak 
cell) 
10:00 TENATIVE appt w/Cliff Taube 
11:00 Appt w/Marvin Minsky 
2:30-4:00 Martin Nowak teaching his class at his institute (says you 
should go it will be fun!) 
3:30 Appt w/Henry Rosovsky at HIS office Loeb House, 17 Quincy 
Street, opposite the Faculty Club) 
EFTA_R1_00516567 
EFTA02014035

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014036.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
is here! 
Sent: 
Thursday, May 2, 2013 4:05:43 PM 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516568 
EFTA02014036

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014037.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationQgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Gary Kerney 
Sent: 
Tue 12/7/2010 5:18:26 PM 
Subject: 
coral tile 
We will consume our inventory of coral tile finishing the laundry. 
I think we should order another container from the D.R. 
OK? 
EFTA_R1_00516570 
EFTA02014037

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014038.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation@gmaii corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 11/15/2011 7:17:32 PM 
Subject Re: Haircut w/Phillipe at salon 
ok 
On Nov 15, 2011, at 2:16 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
no„ I want him at the house after work if possible 
On Tue, Nov 15, 2011 at 5:22 PM, 
wrote: 
You have a 1:30 haircut appt on Thurs. Nov. 17th at Frederic Fekkai with 
Phillipe. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510571 
EFTA02014038

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014039.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmaitcom[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
LSJ 
Sent 
Sat 11/19/2011 3:48:08 PM 
Subject: Re: Ion 
Will do 
On Nov 19, 23 Heisci, at 10:56 AM, Jeffrey Epstein icevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
send me a drawing or photo so there is no misunderstanding 
On Sat, Nov 19, 2011 at 9:08 AM, LSJ ‹
> wrote: 
Reference painting in Relax bathroom do you want Ion to paint across the door 
areas with the 2 separate colors? 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to icevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516572 
EFTA02014039

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014040.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeevacation 
EFTA_R1_00516573 
EFTA02014040

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014041.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
jeevacation [mailto:jeevacation@grnail.com] 
Subject: Re: General Clark 
No 
EFTA_R1_00516574 
EFTA02014041

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014042.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
mueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
Mon 10/15/2012 9:44:36 PM 
Ken club also looks nice, will go check both tomorrow! 
EFTA_R1_00516575 
EFTA02014042

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014043.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.corn]: Jefffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 6/21/2011 7:29:21 PM 
Subject: Call List 
Jimmy Cayne- I spoke to him but he said he will not be available until 5:00. 
Jimmy cell 
EFTA_R1_00516576 
EFTA02014043

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014044.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Jeffre E stein 'eevacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Subject: 
Re: pic's 
EFTA_R1_00516577 
EFTA02014044

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014045.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationtegmaitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 9/4/2012 7:34:33 PM 
Subject: Re: 
yes! focusing on work! when u in nyc next time? 
EFTA_R1_00516579 
EFTA02014045

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014046.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Ian Osborne 
Sent 
Wed 9/14/2011 12:06:44 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Yes, definitely. I spoke to him earlier from London where he was out raising hell with Bono last 
night. I will check in with him, but I am sure that will work. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 14 Sep 2011, at 19:58, Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
scan parker said he would be back on sat„ why don't you see if he wants to come 
sun 
*t*t*t*t*t*t*t*****t*t*t*t*t*t***t***t*t***t*t*t*t*t*t*t*t* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516581 
EFTA02014046

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014047.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Sent: 
Thursda 
Se tember 15 2011 3:32:04 PM 
From: 
Subject: Ref.: Re: Re : 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
EFTA_R1_00516582 
EFTA02014047

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014048.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014048.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Fran: 
Sent 
Subject Re: Fwd: 
maitoom[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation@gmail.com] 
Mon 1/16/2012 6:36:33 PM 
I'd love to, but my brother is in town. I can come from friday morning until monday 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation©gmail.com> 
Date: Mon 16 Jan 2012 19:10:33 +0100 
To: 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
yes its amazing„ filthy, beautiful, angry, relaxed. 
, Since i will not get to see you for awhile, 
what if i fly to the caribean on wed . would you like to come wed morning till fri evening 
On Mon, Jan 16, 2012 at 7:08 PM, n> 
wrote: 
Thank you I appreciate it :) 
Did you arrive safe in marrakesh? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>
Date: Mon 16 Jan 2012 13:15:34 +0100 
To: 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
I will guide you, and keep you safe.. I will not allow you to continue to be taken advantaged 
of„ you will get my advice. and access to my resources to help.. 
On Mon, Jan 16, 2012 at 8:22 AM, 
wrote: 
I will see her on thursday at 5, exciting thanks 
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Mon 16 Jan 2012 08:01:48 +0100 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: 
Contact her directly 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: January 16, 2012 7:29:44 AM GMT+01:00 
To: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
EFTA_R1_00516583 
EFTA02014048
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hi jeffrey, 
I texted 
back about teaching massage. im available pretty much anytime u need me 
just let me know. Xo 
Sent from my iPhone 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516584 
EFTA02014049

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014050.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Sat 9/15/2012 3:41:53 AM 
Jeffrey Epstein 
i should be in paris on the 8th 
EFTA_R1_00516586 
EFTA02014050

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014051.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Gmax 
Sent: 
Wed Jan 26 11:00:53 2011 
Subject: 
Acc firm fees 
EFTA_R1_00516587 
EFTA02014051

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014052.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
, 
and MI are here 
Sent: 
Wednesday. December 4, 2013 7:14:47 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516588 
EFTA02014052

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014053.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014053.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Sat 10/22/2011 2:48:29 AM 
Subject: 
steve had an idea for you 
we were talking about some cool things that you and he might be able to do together. 
it's taken a few days of thinking with him but he came up with 2 learning sessions" that he and you should think 
about together. 
two sessions that could push some boundaries and maybe even come up with somehting cool. 
i will try to type them up this weekend BUT 
i asked him if we could think of 3-4 and make it a "series" that you could fund through your foundation as 
paradigm shifting/game changing stuff 
super cool! 
EFTA_R1_00516589 
EFTA02014053

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014054.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014054.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
To: 
"Epstein" <jeevacationegmail.com> 
From: 
a 
Received: 
Fri, 20 Jan 2012 16:39:46 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00516591 
EFTA02014054

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014055.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014055.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationftmaitcom[jeeyacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Jeanluc 
Sent 
Wed 11/2/2011 2:49:29 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Good twill be there 
Sent from my iPad 
On Nov 2, 2011, at 3:43 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Ill be in paris fri 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516597 
EFTA02014055

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014056.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014056.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
"Institutional Investor Daily" <allM> 
Sent 
Tuesday, May 29, 2012 3:31:40 PM 
To: 
leeproject@yahoo.com" leeproject@yahoo.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516598 
EFTA02014056

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014057.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014057.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacatiolliail.com[jeevaeationGgmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 11/23/2011 6:15:01 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Title: Re: 
Oh no - I'm so sorry! When was I supposed to stop by? 
— Original Message —
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@tsmail.com> 
To: 
Sent: Wed Nov 23 12:49:26 2011 
Subject: 
you didn't stop by? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jetty Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawfid. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail tojeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516599 
EFTA02014057

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014058.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey epstein 
(jeevacation@gmail.com)(jeffrey epstein (jeevacation(©mail.com)J; 
jeevacation©gmaitcom[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent 
Fri 12/9/2011 6:47:03 AM 
Subject: 
Trip? 
Did you confirm your Africa trip? 
I need to get my flights — please let me know 
B 
EFTA_R1_0051 8601 
EFTA02014058

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014059.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014059.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Re: 
mail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Fri 8/17/2012 12:02:33 PM 
I have Barbro on call list 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 16, 2012, at 10:16 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I would like to speak with barbro 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510802 
EFTA02014059

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014060.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
a 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject Re: 
I want you to experience-C2-A0 fun happy times.-C2-A0 with me or without.-
-C2-AO-C2-A0 .-C2-A0 I found a very cute one for you in paris.-C2-AO=C2=A0 3= 
. successful.=C2=A0 funny. ..=C2=A0=C2=A0=C2=A0 i will need 2 twentys to m= 
ake up for one 37 . = 
EFTA R1_00518603 
EFTA02014060

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014061.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Priya Shukla [mailto: 
Sent 
Friday, September 10, 2010 11:15 AM 
To: 
Subject: Jeff 
EFTA_R1_00515604 
EFTA02014061

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014062.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Harry is here! 
Sent: 
Wednesday, January 29, 2014 6:20:37 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516605 
EFTA02014062

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014063.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014063.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
Mon 7 Ma 2012 16:24:34=20 
To: 
Cc: 
< 
>• 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_005166013 
EFTA02014063

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014064.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent: 
Wed Sep 21 12:42:09 2011 
EFTA_R1_00516609 
EFTA02014064

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014065.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Larry Newman is here 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 30, 2011 8:15:20 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516610 
EFTA02014065

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014066.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014066.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Re: ask for a job On Sun, Jul 11, 2010 at 12:15 PM, PETER MANDELSON < 
> wrote: Home. Seeing Tim Collins in 45 mins. Any suggestions ? --
On Sat, 10/7/10, Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > wrote: From: Jeffrey Epstein < 
jeevacationt)gmail.com > 
Subject: 
EFTA_R1_00516611 
EFTA02014066

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014067.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Alex Black is here! 
Sent: 
Thursday, October 24, 2013 8:42:38 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516612 
EFTA02014067

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014068.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014068.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
ail.com[jeevacationellgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 6/21/2011 8:05:23 PM 
Subject Re: 
Good. We worked well together at Simuflite. 
I offered Story a job. Do you have an opinion or care if I hire him? 
Sorry, i forget..what was the reason we're not speaking? 
Sent from a wireless device 
On Jun 21, 2011, at 3:31 PM, Jeffrey Epstein iccvacationOeniail corn> wrote: 
I thought you woudl like to know that Larry, suggested using you as a co pilot on 
fit 
good for you 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jecsacatioragtnail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516614 
EFTA02014068

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014069.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Gary Kerney 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 
Thur 11/3/2011 9:22:04 PM 
Subject 
Re: 
yes 
On Thu, Nov 3, 2011 at 2:37 PM, Gary Kerney <
IIIIflwrote: 
> Do you want him to replaster the flag at the same time he does the tile 
> pool 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> On Nov 3, 2011, at 12:58 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
> wrote: 
> tell bart that he is getting close to having a problem with me„ First, 
> I don;t care about how much things cost him, he told us it would cost 35 k 
> with out material to replaster the main pool „ therefore over 40 for 
> flagpole if we have someone else dot. 
Therefore , we are holding 34, and 
> we may have to pay out as much as 50. to get it fixed propoertl„ if i 
> were he, id fix both pools asap. he has delayed my use,
 and given us an 
> inferior product 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to <jeevacation@gmail.com>jeevacation@gmail.com, 
> and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
********411-************************MItakt*Itt************0t*Itt* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516615 
EFTA02014069

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014070.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
'
y
in 
i 
• 
v 
i 
il. m • 
ffr 
inbeevacation©gmail.com]; 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 11/1/2011 11:58:50 PM 
Subject Re: 
Okay! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov I, 2011, at 19:00, Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
okk , paris on thurs„ jenn and I „ 
to join on the 14th , . 
*************
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationAgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518618 
EFTA02014070

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014071.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014071.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Subject: Re: my rep? On Mon, Nov 14, 2011 at 4:46 PM, < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
don't think Jeff sachs will happen 
EFTA_R1_00516619 
EFTA02014071

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014072.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014072.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@igmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein [jeeyacation@grnail.corn] 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Tue 10/18/2011 8:18:15 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Is everything set?? 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
EFTA_R1_00516620 
EFTA02014072

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014073.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014073.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' v 
in 
mil
From: 
Sent: 
: 
PM
Cc: 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516621 
EFTA02014073

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014074.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014074.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmaitcompeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Peter Mendelson 
Sent 
Sun 5/29/2011 6:28:47 PM 
Subject: Re: 
You still there in morning ? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Sunday, May 29, 2011 01:36 PM 
To: Peter Mandelson BT 
Subject: 
paris 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516623 
EFTA02014074

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014075.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014075.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
Tue 28 Feb 2012 15:17:11=20 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00518824 
EFTA02014075

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014076.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmail.comueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Gmax 
Sent 
Wed 1/4/2012 1:33:54 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Title: Re: 
I'll be back this w/e. Got a flight home. You around? 
Please note that this e-mail and any files transmitted with it may be privileged, confidential, and protected from disclosure 
under applicable law. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any reading. 
dissemination, distribution, copying, or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited. 
- 
Original Message — 
From: Gtnax 
To: ijeevacation@gmail.cone <jecvacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Mon Jan 02 07:25:55 2012 
Subject: Re: 
If I had you would be first to know..no :( 
Please note that this e-mail and any files transmitted with it may be privileged, confidential, and protected from disclosure 
under applicable law. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any reading, 
dissemination, distribution, copying, or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited. 
— Original Message —
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Gmax 
Sent: Mon Jan 02 07:17:20 2012 
Subject: Re: 
boyfriend share of hangar 
On Mon, Jan 2, 2012 at 8:16 AM, Omax 
wrote: 
I am going to Panama - which deal ? The country? Or board stuff or boyfriend - neither 
Please note that this e-mail and any files transmitted with it may be privileged, confidential, and protected from 
disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any 
reading. dissemination, distribution. copying. or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited. 
— Original Message ----
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Gmax 
EFTA_R1_00516625 
EFTA02014076
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent: Mon Jan 02 07:15:02 2012 
Subject: 
Im headed to ny today„ did you close the deal 
OAP 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside infonnation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516626 
EFTA02014077

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014078.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014078.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeggmail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinheeyacation©gmaii.corn] 
From: 
Karim Shuliak 
Sent 
Tue 1/10/2012 4:06:36 AM 
Subject: Re: 
forgot to attach the files:/ here they are.. 
On Tue, Jan 10, 2012 at 6:05 AM, Karina Shuliak 
wrote: 
Here are 2 letters, will send you one more. Please let me know your opinion. Thank you 
Jeffrey.. 
On Tue, Jan 10, 2012 at 4:19 AM, Karina Shuliak 
wrote: 
Thanks a lot Jeffrey! I wrote another 2 letters, will change certain things according to your 
corrections and send it to you for review 
On Tue, Jan 10, 2012 at 4:12 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevaeation@gmail.com> wrote: 
more like this 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@smail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516627 
EFTA02014078

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014079.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014079.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationt6gmail.com 
To: 
"Jeffrey Epstein" <jeeyacation@grnail.corn> 
From: 
Received: 
Sun, 18 Dec 2011 18:23:13 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00516628 
EFTA02014079

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014080.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014080.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Jean Luc is here!—
Sent: 
Monday, July 28, 2014 3:14:32 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein CC <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00518629 
EFTA02014080

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014081.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014081.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationggmail.conteeyacation©gmail.cont Jeffrey Epstein 
CCUeeyacation 
mail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Wed 5/30/2012 2:22:47 PM 
Subject: 
Matt Menchel 
Below from Matt re breakfast Thurs or Friday.. 
EFTA_R1_00516630 
EFTA02014081

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014082.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmaitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Jermaine 
Sent: 
Sun 4/8/2012 4:01:35 AM 
Subject: 
Re: 
Yes sir 
I gave it to Karen earlier this afternoon about 5 
Regards 
JRuan 
Sent from my Kindle Fire 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sat Apr 07 15:48:21 AST 2012 
To: Jermaine Ruan < 
Subject: 
the ipad in the flapole pool is under your name, what is the password 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516631 
EFTA02014082

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014083.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014083.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Karina Shuliak 
From: 
jeffrey epstein 
Sent: 
Wed 12/14/2011 10:15:13 PM 
EFTA_R1_00516639 
EFTA02014083

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014084.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Donna Air[ 
_ 
From: 
jeffrey epstein 
Sent: 
Mon 4/23/2012 8:34:54 AM 
Subject: 
Re: 
EFTA_R1_00516640 
EFTA02014084

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014085.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014085.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeeyacatiomagmail.comuemeation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 10/25/2011 2:58:24 PM 
today? 
land 
EFTA_R1_00518641 
EFTA02014085

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014086.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014086.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation 
mail.coml Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
Cc: 
Richard Kahn 
From: 
emad hanna 
Sent 
Sat 5/21/2011 5:26:42 PM 
Subject Re: 
do you want to discuss them when your in NY? 
Thank you 
Emad Hanna 
Project Controller 
HBRK Associates 
301 East 66th St 
Suite 10F 
New York NY 10065 
Cell 
LSJ Office 
St. Thomas Office-
NY Office 
Fax 
On May 21, 2011, at 9:51 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
talk to me about glidden bills 
*************************************** 
****** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516643 
EFTA02014086

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014087.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014087.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Karyna is on her way to the house 
Sent: 
Friday, May 3, 2013 3:12:57 PM 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516644 
EFTA02014087

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014088.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014088.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.compeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Don Carter 
Sent 
Tue 7/5/2011 1:14:16 PM 
Subject: Re: Re: Re: 
712-1111 
Don Carter 
On Jul 5, 201 I, at 8:23 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
number 
On Tue, Jul 5, 2011 at 8:23 AM, Don Carter <IlMOMME
> wrote: 
Couldn't get customers to pay what it was worth 
Don Carter 
On Jul 5, 2011, at 7:51 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <'em.
jsatiamt
ail.com> wrote: 
why? i was there yesterday 
On Tue, Jul 5, 2011 at 7:50 AM, Don Carter 
wrote: 
Sold it. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 5, 2011, at 7:21 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what happend to your biz? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_00516645 
EFTA02014088
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeo acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jes% acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to je
ac
zn  gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516646 
EFTA02014089

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014090.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014090.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Richard Steeve Giraud 
Sent 
Mon 10/10/2011 7:38:04 AM 
Subject: Re: Scorpios 
Hope you will be fine soon... 
Keep in touch!! 
Rsteeve 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 9 Oct 2011, at 18:20, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@,gmail.com> wrote: 
i am in new york„ , did not feel well„ will let you know my schedule 
On Sun, Oct 9, 2011 at 11:11 AM, rsgiraud < 
wrote: 
I received the answer of the bank wit the permission to visit the island or thursday 
or friday. 
I need to know the number of people to confirm even for the elicopter. 
Bests 
Rsteeve 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_m_00518847 
EFTA02014090

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014091.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014091.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Ns is here 
Sent: 
Thursday, March 31, 2011 2:04:32 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516648 
EFTA02014091

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014092.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014092.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
is here 
Sent: 
Friday. December 20, 2013 5:07:15 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516649 
EFTA02014092

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014093.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014093.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation@gmail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 12/7/2011 9:54:29 PM 
Subject: Re: tentative propose; 
Ok thx 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 7, 2011, at 4:46 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
tenative, 
leave lsj sunday 11 at 4 pre clear. leave ny for oslo. on the 15th 
evening.. leave oslo for paris17, paris casablanca. 19.. casablanca ivory coast 
20. ivory coast senegal. 22. sengal. 24 rio. , rio 27 lsj, 
*t*t*t*t*t*t*t*****t*t*t*t*t*t***t***t*t***t*t*t*t*t*t*t*t* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516650 
EFTA02014093

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014094.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014094.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.comfjeevacation©gmail.comi: Jeffrey Epsteinfleevacation©gmail.com) 
From: 
mark fisher 
Sent 
Mon 1/3/2011 2:38:36 PM 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey—I wrote you a note in the word attachment. Take a look. Happy New Year, Mark 
Fisher 
a 
was 8 1/2 weeks ago. The 
were exactly what one would 
pray for, thank G-d. 
I am working on a book and some other interesting projects. 
L'Chaim!! 
Mark 
On Mon, Jan 3, 2011 at 5:43 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
how are you. how did 
On Sun, Jan 2, 2011 at 10:46 PM, mark fisher C
> wrote: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA R1_00516651 
EFTA02014094

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014095.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014095.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
oni[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffres[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Fri 4/19/2013 2:21:55 AM 
Todd was so funny, he said he wanted to clone himself and make lots of little 
Todds different shapes and sizes:)) and Nicky was sitting next to us with a young 
rothhild, Todd said if she doesn't close this deal she would be selling make up 
in Bloomingdales :)) 
EFTA_R1_00516652 
EFTA02014095

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014096.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014096.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
• 
v 
in
mil m • 
v 
i n 
mil. m • 
"n 
• 
v 
i 
ail.com] 
Cc: 
; Francis 
Derby 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Mon 9/10/2012 5:01:27 PM 
Subject Bobby Slayton 
Bobby Slayton will be in LA on Sept. 18th (he said if you are hosting Obama in NY 
though, he could make the effort to attend) 
EFTA_R1_00516653 
EFTA02014096

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014097.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014097.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcom[jeevacationellgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 4/12/2012 7:39:34 PM 
Subject: Re: Leon Black Dubin Question again 
ok, thanks 
On Apr 12, 2012, at 3:35 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
ask eva 
On Thu, Apr 12, 2012 at 3:34 PM, 
wrote: 
Leon is asking again about when Dubin is going up and back...please advise.. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to kevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516654 
EFTA02014097

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014098.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014098.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation@gmail.combeevacation@gmail.comi: Jeffrey epsteinueevecationOgmail.coml 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 5/25/2011 2:21:43 PM 
Subject 
Re: Fwd: 
I will put Valdson on the call list 
On May 25, 2011, at 10:14 AM, jeffrey epstein wrote: 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: May 25, 2011 10:06:08 AM EDT 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation a gmail.com> 
Cc: 
reminder you wanted to call Valdson today and wish him a happy 
birthday 
EFTA_R1_00510655 
EFTA02014098

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014099.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014099.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation gmail.com]; J E[jeeyacation©gmail.com] 
Cc: 
Gary Kemey[ 
From: 
Cecile de Jong 
Sent 
Thur 6/30/2011 9:08:47 PM 
Subject: Fwd: C of O 
FYI 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Alicia V. Barnes" 
Date: June 30, 2011 4:47:02 PM GMT-04:00 
To: Cecile de Jongh 
Subject: Re: C of O 
Hi Cecile: 
The CO will be issued tomorrow. Feel free to call me anytime; 
ma-
Thx, 
AB 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jun 29, 2011, at 11:48 AM, Cecile de Jongh <
 wrote: 
Good afternoon Alicia, 
I was wondering if we will be able to get the Certificate of 
Occupancy for the office pavillion at LSJ? The inspection was 
done about 30 days ago by Mr. Smith. Please let me know if 
there is something we need to do. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be 
priyileged,confidential, and protected from disclosure. If you are 
EFTA_R1_00516656 
EFTA02014099
--- PAGE 2 ---
not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication 
is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in 
error, please notify the sender immediately and delete all copies. 
EFTA_R1_00518657 
EFTA02014100

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014101.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014101.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacatioregmail.combeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation@gmail.com] 
Cc: 
Gary Kemey[ 
]; Brice Gordon 
J: Rich 
From: 
Daphne Wallace 
Sent: 
Mon 10/31/2011 11:59:46 PM 
Subject: 
JE Directives - October 31, 2011 
JE Directives Oct 31, 2011 .docx 
Greetings Mr. Epstein, 
Attached are my notes from today, October 31, 2011. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Daphne 
EFTA_R1_00516658 
EFTA02014101

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014102.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
v 
in
mil
m'eevacation©gmail.com]; 
• Jeffrey E stein 'eevacabon©gmail.comj 
Cc: 
Gregory 
From: 
Greg Brown 
Sent: 
Thur 7/21/2011 4:55:35 PM 
Subject: Hello from Greg Brow 
Dear 
We will be arriving in St Tropez tomorrow mid-day, staying for a week and will definitely give 
you a call... We look forward to meeting you... I will send you my new French cell number as 
soon as I pick up a SIM card, as we look forward to meeting you... 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
US cell.
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: 
Date: Thu, 21 Jul 2011 16:23:23 +0200 
To: Jeffre E steirKeevacation 
ail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
ok, 
i am in saint tropez, just tell me when Gre o is here. 
Please note that soon i will have just +33 
number. 
kisses 
Best regards, 
Ornpaaneuo c iPhone 
21.07.2011, a 13:41, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> itamicaa(a): 
you guys should meeet when greg is in st tropez 
*********************************************************** 
EFTA_R1_00516661 
EFTA02014102
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_0051 6662 
EFTA02014103

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014104.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
• 
v 
in 
mil. m • 
v 
ti n 
mil. m • 
ffr
E 
in • 
v 
tion©gmail.com] 
Cc: 
Sent: 
Tue 4/16/2013 8:34:45 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Thank you 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 16, 2013, at 4:29 PM, Jeffrey Epstein gccyacationgurnaitcom> wrote: 
you are all invtited, 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<Fact vs Fiction.pdf> 
EFTA_R1_0051 6663 
EFTA02014104

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014105.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014105.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
From: 
Subject: 
Leon Black 
Sent: 
Thursday, June 30, 2011 7:06:44 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516664 
EFTA02014105

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014106.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014106.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comfleevacationiagmail.comj: Jeffrey epstein Ueevacationsagmail.comj 
From: 
Elen capri 
Sent 
Wed 12/14/2011 11:06:42 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I want sleep w uuuuuuuuu 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA_R1_00516665 
EFTA02014106

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014107.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014107.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@umail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Lvjet 
Sent: 
Mon 12/12/2011 12:52:45 AM 
Subject: 
6727 
Jeffrey, 
is it OK to fly the Boeing to Jacksonville to have aircraft in position for maintenance? I will not have them start 
until you have negotiated with Qatar, plane needs to at facility by January 15th, since we'll be flying GIl it would 
make sense to have the Boeing in position and ready to start work when we give flight star the go ahead,. 
is this approved! 
thx 
Larry 
I am fine with =i 
on the Africa trip, if you agree, and leave Dave at home,. 
EFTA_R1_00516667 
EFTA02014107

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014108.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey epstein 
Sent: 
Tue 2/21/2012 1:07:54 PM 
Subject: Re: 
He coming for only one day 
EFTA_R1_00516668 
EFTA02014108

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014109.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014109.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Sarah new email[@]; N E M[@] 
From: 
JE Vacation 
Interesting Article in today's wallstreet journal re how difficult it is to get a 
job even with a college degree 
EFTA_R1_00516669 
EFTA02014109

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014110.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014110.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: relax room From: jeevacation©gmail.com Date: Fri, 3 Jun 2011 18:31:01 +0200 
To: 
I think 8 inch Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Jun 3, 
2011. at 6:27 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00518870 
EFTA02014110

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014111.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014111.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 8/18/2011 10:33:39 AM 
Subject: (no subject) 
Hi Jeffrey I have a lot of hi yield debt should i trim back ,ie are we going to not grow the economy into 2012 
thanks Jonathan 
EFTA_R1_00516871 
EFTA02014111

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014112.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Scott is here! 
Sent: 
Tuesday, January 7, 2014 8:37:56 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516672 
EFTA02014112

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014113.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com(jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Matthew I. Menchel 
Sent 
Tue 2/21/2012 10:25:45 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Thanks. And Reid was very kind to say that. 
Matthew I. Menchel 
KOBRE & KIM LLP 
www.kobrekim.com 
New York I London I Hong Kong I Washington, DC I Miami 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, February 21, 2012 05:07 PM 
To: Matthew I. Menchel 
Subject: 
I understood from REid that they dropped the case, largely due to your crosss. congragulations. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to kevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510873 
EFTA02014113

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014114.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014114.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 
Fri 3/30/2012 9:40:42 PM 
Subject: Re: 
where on seaview? 
EFTA_R1_00516674 
EFTA02014114

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014115.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014115.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Sun 2/19/2012 9:26:06 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Ok 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 19 Feb 2012 16:04:02 -0500 
To: SI 
Subject: Re: 
just started meeting„ i will try in two hours or so. 
On Sun, Feb 19, 2012 at 3:33 PM, 
Yes I am 
wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation(agmail.com>
Date: Sun, 19 Feb 2012 15:21:03 -0500 
To: a 
Subject: 
are you free to speak? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA_R1_00516675 
EFTA02014115
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_0051 6676 
EFTA02014116

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014117.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014117.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationelomail.com[jeevaeation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sla 
Sent 
Mon 1/17/2011 5:43:51 PM 
Do u know Ajmal Khan ? 
Sent from my BlackBerrye wireless device 
EFTA_R1_00516678 
EFTA02014117

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014118.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014118.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Philippe is not in the salon today 
Sent: 
Friday, April 1, 2011 8:00:07 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein leevacation©grnail.corn> 
EFTA_R1_00516679 
EFTA02014118

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014119.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014119.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent 
Saturday, February 05, 2011 12:47 AM 
To: 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_00516882 
EFTA02014119

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014120.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014120.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevaeation 
maitcomfjeevacationellgmail.coml: Jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 6/14/2011 5:43:49 PM 
Subject: Re: Woody Allen 
From Woody's assistant...you wanted to remember to ask Donny Deutsch to the next Woody 
Allen dinner...Shall we say dinner at 7:30 at your house? 
Hi 
- Woody and Soon-Yi would like just a dinner this eve, Jeffrey can of course invite 
whoever he likes but Woody does not want to sit through his movie again, haha. Woody cannot 
screen at his home because he doesn't have a screening room but ifJeffrcy has a screening room 
and would like to borrow the print at some point Woody is happy to lend it to him. Glad it 
worked out tonight! Thanks, MP. M 
On Jun 14, 2011, at 1:18 PM, jeffrey epstein wrote: 
Are they suggesting , screening at woodys in that case I would like to invite Glenn 
and celina or at my house. In that case dinner is fine 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jun 14, 2011, at 1:00 PM, 
> wrote: 
please advise! you have Pete Brigcr at 5:30 and that is it!! 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Melissa Tomjanovich 
Date: June 14, 2011 12:57:20 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi MI - any chance Jeffrey can do dinner this evening? Tuesday? 
On Jun 14, 2011, at 7:39 AM, MP Groff wrote: 
Morning Melissa. As it turns out Jeffrey will 
be here wed and thurs!. Might woody have 
time one of these nights? Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00510683 
EFTA02014120

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014121.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014121.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeneation@gmaitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; jeffrey epsteinlieeyacation©gmaitcomj 
From: 
BMG 
Sent: 
Mon 3/5/2012 1:31:19 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Got of 
EFTA_R1_00516684 
EFTA02014121

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014122.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014122.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacation6gmail.conlieevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Mail Delivery Subsystem 
Sent 
Mon 4/1/2013 7:19:06 PM 
Subject Delivery Status Notification (Failure) 
Delivery to the following recipient failed permanently: 
EFTA_R1_00516685 
EFTA02014122

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014123.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014123.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffre E stein < jeeyacation@gmail.com > Date: Fri, 14 May 2010 19:26:52 -0400 To: < 
> Subject: Re: i think learning is always good On Fri, May 14, 2010 at 7:23 PM, 
> wrote: 
B suggests I start working for art... Every time we talk about art he gets 
surprised by things that I say and I remember all the artists... He thinks I can 
do well... What do you think? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
************************************************* ****** **** The information
contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_00516687 
EFTA02014123

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014124.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Melanie 
Sent: 
Sat 7/16/2011 5:45:47 AM 
Subject: Well? 
Did you make progress w bill? 
Hope JB party enjoyable. 
Nice to see Sarah, she is such a nice person! 
Stevie has some ideas for you. 
Oh and wondering if you think you might want to consider Lowell in a paid advisory position for your 
foundation. Bill uses about 80hrs of Lowell per week, unpaid since Lowell is retired. Lowell would never 
ask for anything and of course would follow bill to end of earth. Buy Nathan treats him like crap (also no 
Pay). 
Its hard to see the real brains behind the operations not being compensated and truly he is a national 
treasure that deserves more. 
Talk soon 
EFTA_R1_00516688 
EFTA02014124

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014125.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationttigmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Melanie 
Sent: 
Mon 12/12/2011 8:46:13 AM 
Subject: 
Woody Allen 
Will be here in Seattle w his band Dec 26th! 
Can Steve and I take to dinner or lunch? Im attending, can take to OR! 
EFTA_R1_00516689 
EFTA02014125

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014126.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014126.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationepgmail.compeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Nina K. 
Sent 
Mon 1/23/2012 9:13:34 PM 
Subject: RE: 
Hello Jeffrey. 
I just sent an email to my uncle to let him know and PII do the same for your twin even if he 
already knows what to do for your next trip. 
Nina 
Date: Mon, 23 Jan 2012 10:20:37 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
I am interested in the telecommunications that your uncle and we discussed. the bank that the 
finance minister had suggested, the stock market that the minister of mines had proposed. and of 
course my new brothers better taste. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to k_c‘ acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516690 
EFTA02014126

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014127.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014127.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@igmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; jeffrey epsteinlieeyacation©gmail.comj 
From: 
Sent: 
Fri 7/8/2011 5:20:38 PM 
Subject: Re: 
should I have Larry book them a car and driver, or just a taxi? 
EFTA_R1_00516691 
EFTA02014127

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014128.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014128.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmaitcom[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
brice gordon 
Sent 
Mon 11/14/2011 11:25:45 PM 
Subject: Re: 
yes tom has you drawing 
thx 
On Mon, Nov 14, 2011 at 3:38 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <frevaCation@gmail Loin wrote: 
please confirm to me that you have the correct placement of the E in the courtyard along with 
the special saw cuts. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Brice Gordon 
Little Saint James 
USVI 
Phone: 
EFTA_R1_00510692 
EFTA02014128

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014129.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014129.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Korina is here 
Sent: 
Thursday, April 14, 2011 2:07:51 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516693 
EFTA02014129

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014130.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014130.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.coml: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
Cc: 
Craig Martin 
; Daphne Wallace[ 
Fran: 
brice gordon 
Sent 
Fri 4/20/2012 2:00:05 PM 
Subject Shutter doors 5P 
Bobby from Condado Window Hurricane Protection, Inc 
will forward drawings of Hangar type doors Wednesday next week. 
Daphne please add to punchlist 
Brice Gordon 
Little Saint James 
USVI 
Phone: 
EFTA_R1_00516694 
EFTA02014130

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014131.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014131.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: Re: No Subject 
ail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
Sat 1/1/2011 7:33:47 PM 
Hey jeffrey! I just woke up I'm so tired I worked til 5 yesterday :( class is at 3 tday I'm not sure if 
anyone wanted to go but I can take everyone on moday or tues if they want 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 30, 2010 10:22 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
yes of course 
On Thu, Dec 30, 2010 at 10:18 PM, 
Do you still want me to sleep over? 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
wrote: 
On Dec 30, 2010 7:53 PM, jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@cimail.com> wrote: 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 30, 2010, at 4:51 PM, "M=" 
< 
> wrote: 
Hey jeffrey! She says she's wrkng at the restaurant tngt. I asked her bout 
daytime tmrw though and am waiting to hear back. 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 28, 2010 12:48 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationacimail.com> wrote: 
send photo.. maybe fri or sat//i will not be back before then 
EFTA_R1_00516695 
EFTA02014131
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Tue, Dec 28, 2010 at 12:43 PM, 
wrote: 
When do you want to mee 
this wk? 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 27, 2010 10:31 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation©gmail.com> wrote: 
how bad is the snow? 
On Sun, Dec 26, 2010 at 9:47 PM, 
wrote: 
Thank you jeffrey, see you wed :) 
Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 26, 2010 5:56 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@qmail.conn> wrote: 
of course 
On Sun, Dec 26, 2010 at 5:11 PM, 
wrote: 
Hey jeffrey 
I have a question, my roommate is losing her un employment and now she has to 
charge 900 for my room I'm paying $600 for now. I really want to stay 
there and I'm so tired of moving.. I wanted to know if you can pay 300 
just til I'm done with school and I can pay 600 I'm willing to give 
massages in exchange or do some work when I can. 
-- Sent from my Palm Pre 
On Dec 24, 2010 6:15 PM, jeffrey epstein <jeevacation
omail.com> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00516896 
EFTA02014132
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@cimail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
** ******* 
********** 
***** 
*********************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_00516697 
EFTA02014133
--- PAGE 4 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
** ****** 
******* 
********** 
****** 
****** 
******* 
********** 
***** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@qmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516698 
EFTA02014134

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014135.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014135.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
Subject: Larry Summers 
To: 
"Jefffrey Epstein" <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
From: 
lesleyjee@gmail.com 
Received: 
Thu, 28 Apr 2011 21:11:24 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00516699 
EFTA02014135

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014136.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014136.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epstein[eeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Tue 12/18/2012 10:23:29 PM 
Subject: Adam 
still no word from adam bly or additional monies 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Richard Kahn 
Date: December 14, 2012 11:33:39 AM EST 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@cimail com> 
Subject: Fwd: No subject 
Adam was well aware of what was done as he endorsed the front and back of cheek that 
was issued in the amount of S10,000 instead of S18,000 
In addition December 12th interest is due in the amount of $6,000 
Total Outstanding 524,000 
Still waiting for his explanation.. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York. New York 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Adam Bly" 
Date: December 13, 2012 8:47:37 PM EST 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@amail.com>
Cc: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Re: No subject 
Just landed from London will check with Vcra and rectify if incorrect 
EFTA_R1_00516700 
EFTA02014136
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 13, 2012, at 5:42 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jecvacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
adam, we got a check that was not what we agrreed, it has a notation re payent in 
for interest owed, we agreed this was not the deal. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcs% acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510701 
EFTA02014137

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014138.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014138.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Paul Tweed[@]: Mike Sitrick[@] 
From: 
Jeffrey epstein [mailto:jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
Subject: Fwd: ATTORNEY-CLIENT PRIVILEGE 
EFTA_R1_00516702 
EFTA02014138

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014139.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014139.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' y 
in 
mil m' v 
i n 
mil. m• 
ffr 
E t in• 
v 
ti n 
mil.com] 
Cc: 
: Frances 
Derby 
• 
nusz Bana iak anu z 
I; 
Ofelia 
1; Louella 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Fri 5/11/2012 12:22:17 PM 
Subject: Re: Jes staley 
Great. Thanks 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May I I, 2012, at 8:14 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
yes,. pasta . 
On Fri, May 11, 2012 at 8:06 AM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Jes staley will come at noon today for lunch. Do you want Frances to prepare the 
lunch for you? 
Sent from my iPhone 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOsmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00515703 
EFTA02014139

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014140.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Nick Lambrose is here 
Sent: 
Thursday, April 14, 2011 1:37:11 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516704 
EFTA02014140

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014141.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent 
Wed 9/14/2011 12:35:17 PM 
Subject: RE: 
Here I have too many meetings. Meeting over 50 people per day. Like TED but much more intense. 
Mel is great — it is hear first meeting of this kind. And she is already like a pro! 
I am still working on a Moscow list. In matter of fact — the majority will be scheduled next week. 
If you will be in the Hyatt — I will too. Hyatt is not even in the top 10 of their best hotels there but I trust 
your judgment. 
Looking forward to seeing you on Sunday! 
B 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, September 14, 2011 4:09 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
hope you meet interseting people.. 
„ 
who will you see in moscow? I normally 
stay at the Hyatt 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_00516705 
EFTA02014141
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516706 
EFTA02014142

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014143.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Cc: 
Derby 
Ofelia 
From: 
Sent 
Subject 
m 
•m' 
•m 
-in -ff 
mail.com) 
); Frances 
usz Bana 
I: Louella 
Lesley Groff 
Fri 5/11/2012 12:06:55 PM 
Jes staley 
Richard Barnett I 
I 
Jes staley will come at noon today for lunch. Do you want Frances to prepare the 
lunch for you? 
EFTA_R1_00516708 
EFTA02014143

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014144.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation©gmail.com> 
Received: 
Thu, 23 Aug 2012 16:12:30 
To: 
EFTA_R1_00516712 
EFTA02014144

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014145.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
1/ 
in 
maitcomueevacationagmaitcomj: Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 12/6/2010 4:23:44 PM 
Subject: Lunch 
I know you dont like fish, do you want us to organise something else for you for lunch 
EFT&R1_00516713 
EFTA02014145

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014146.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014146.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; jeffrey epsteinlieevacation©gmaitcomj 
From: 
Rony Shimony MD 
Sent: 
Mon 10/31/2011 10:36:27 PM 
Subject: Re: 
J 
Spec!!! 
See you states side 
r 
EFTA_R1_00516715 
EFTA02014146

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014147.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014147.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 6/13/2011 9:24:26 PM 
Subject: Re: Pete Briger meeting 
great...as soon as I hear from Glenn's office I will confirm 
On Jun 13, 2011, at 5:23 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
yes ok 
On Mon, Jun 13, 2011 at 5:11 PM, 
wrote: 
Pete Briger is available tomorrow at 5:30...Glenn's office is trying to push a 
dinner back a bit...you have the depo which is to be over at 5:00ish... 
I am hoping the 5:30 time slot tomorrow sounds good to you!? (this is becoming difficult 
to find a time that suits everyone!) 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOgmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516716 
EFTA02014147

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014148.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014148.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comijeevacationetgmail.comj: Jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
From: 
Jermaine Ruan 
Sent 
Tue 4/26/2011 1:37:40 PM 
Subject: Apologies 
Apologies boss I accidently sent this to you , but I did request a meeting with Mr. Kerney to create a new 
rendering. 
From: Jeffrey epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, April 26, 2011 2:21 AM 
To: Jermaine Ruan 
Subject: Re: for review 
Way off 
Sent from my iPad 
On Apr 26, 2011, at 12:13 AM, "Jermaine Ruan" 
wrote: 
How badly am I off? We can meet in the morning so I can edit it to what he wants 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, April 25, 2011 4:47 PM 
To: Gary Kerney; Jermaine Ruan 
Subject: Re: for review 
did you not send him the fax„ this is nothing like i sent nothing 
On Mon, Apr 25, 2011 at 5:39 PM, Gary Kerney < 
wrote: 
Review 
Sent from my iPhonc 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Jermaine Ruan" 
To: "'Gary Kerney"
Subject: for review 
EFTA_R1_00516717 
EFTA02014148
--- PAGE 2 ---
For your review 
********** 
************************************************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516718 
EFTA02014149

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014150.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014150.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent 
Tue 4/26/2011 7:10:31 PM 
monday? 
EFTA_R1_00516719 
EFTA02014150

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014151.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
• evacation 
mail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com] Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 3/27/2012 11:46:17 AM 
Subject: Re: 
no, 11 be there 16h-19h. 
do u want to pass by? 
Daniel 11 come as well 
Best re ards 
Ornpasnetto c iPhone 
mars 2012, s 13:13, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> tianiica3(a) 
are you at the store.? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeesacatioraginail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510720 
EFTA02014151

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014152.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014152.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: 
gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
Fri 11/18/2011 7:24:01 PM 
She's all dressed up! 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00516721 
EFTA02014152

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014153.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014153.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Sun 6/19/2011 2:33:46 PM 
Subject Re: 
I don't know. I will meet him in July. He told me that he wanted to build a group of agencies 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 19 Jun 2011 10:25:30 -0400 
To: Jean Luc Brunel
> 
Subject: 
does hennet want a real agency , or just for his son to continue to play? I would like you to form 
a larger operation, i think it would be good for you 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516722 
EFTA02014153

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014154.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
is here!! 
Sent: 
Friday. February 21, 2014 3:37:48 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516723 
EFTA02014154

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014155.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014155.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
nili priell < 
To: 
Sent 
Mon Feb 07 16:52:20 2011 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
> 
EFTA_R1_00516724 
EFTA02014155

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014156.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014156.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Peter Mendelson 
Sent: 
Thur 11/22/2012 3:03:38 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Not Marrakesh this year. R going to brazil. I will stay in England then puss to Klosters or France to stay 
with Nat. Where you ? 
How did u find Desmond when he visited ? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, November 22, 2012 01:24 PM 
To: Peter Mendelson 
Subject: 
what arc you doing for holidays 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacationftismail.corn and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Disclaimer 
This email and any attachments to it may be confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual to whom it is addressed. Any views 
or opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of Global Counsel LLP and Global Counsel Advisory 
Limited . If you are not the intended recipient of this email. you must neither take any action based upon its contents. nor copy or show it to 
anyone. Please contact the sender if you believe you have received this email in error. Global Counsel LLP is a limited liability partnership 
registered in England with number OC359787. registered office New Bridge Street House. 30-34 New Bridge Street. London. United Kingdom 
EC4V SEU. 
EFTA_R1_00516728 
EFTA02014156

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014157.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation gmaitconteevacation©gmail.com]; Je vacation[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 4/10/2013 9:27:57 PM 
Subject Re: interior show? 
I'll ask Morrison if this show presents any different interior options than the US NBAA, he's 
attended this event in 2002,. 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 10 Apr 2013 17:25:09 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: interior show? 
shoudl you go/? 
On Wed, Apr 10, 2013 at 5:13 PM, <a 
wrote: 
Yes, 
EBACE in Geneva (May 21 - 23) 
It's like a European NBAA 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Wed 10 A r 2013 16:07:40 -0400 
To: lvjet 
Subject: 
I was told that there was a jet interior show in genvea in may? do you know details. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA_R1_00516727 
EFTA02014157
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516728 
EFTA02014158

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014159.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation©gmail.comfjeevacation©gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 7/9/2012 8:03:12 PM 
Subject Re: Hey Stranger... 
Should I just have one of them printed 81x8' for now for you to see like we discussed? 
On Jul 9, 2012, at 4:01 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I sent you some sky photos„ photo shop them onto a pictirue or the entry hall 
On Mon, Jul 9, 2012 at 3:50 PM, 
wrote: 
yea, he actually texted me yesterday. He asked if I was seeing anyone and I told 
him yes, and he said he is disappointed that I don't keep in touch and he wants to 
be friends and talk again, blah, blah.. I'm not sure how I feel about it. I don't really 
see the point as I'm not sure he's addressed his "issues" 
On Jul 9, 2012, at 10:34 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
Forwarded messa e 
From: 
Date: Mon, Jul 9, 2012 at 9:52 AM 
Subject: Hey Stranger... 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jcevacation@gmail.com>
Hope you are doing well. I've seen some recent articles about your philanthropic 
work re: science and education. Sounds very interesting and it seems 
that (well I hope) that the bad times are behind you as far as the press 
is concerned. Oddly, I received a random call from Story, which 
made me think of you guys (you
. I guess he iijggaining at 
some job at a bank or something.... 
nk. Told me 
won't talk 
to him really. Gotta give it her her...girls got some will power. 
Anyway, just wanted to say hello. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA_R1_00516729 
EFTA02014159
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationAgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516730 
EFTA02014160

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014161.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.comUeevacation©gmail.cont Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 5/24/2011 3:03:09 PM 
Subject: Re: 
They emailed a contact -_was 
on that email. No follow through after that? 
Xo 
Sony for typos -- iPhone keyboard feature 
On May 24, 2011, at 4:26 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
galertners hand? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516731 
EFTA02014161

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014162.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014162.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
jeffrey epstein [mailto: jeeyacationgDgmail.com 
Sent: 
Tuesday, March 20, 2012 7:23 AM 
To: 
Subject: Re: question for you 
EFTA_R1_00516733 
EFTA02014162

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014163.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.compeeyacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 3/16/2012 5:22:41 AM 
Sul:4ect Re: 
What will be ok? To sign for a volunteer? 
Sent from my iPad 
On Mar IS, 2012, at 10:39 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation 
mail com> wrote: 
cva said it will be ok 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516734 
EFTA02014163

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014164.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'esicationepgmail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
Fran: 
Sent 
Wed 4/3/2013 10:02:18 PM 
Subject 
Re: Reminder -Chinese Tapestry 
Jeffrey hello . What time tomorrow ? 
Sent from my iPhonc 
On Apr 2, 2013, at 9:51 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
no, 2 
On Tue, Apr 2, 2013 at 9:50 AM, 
wrote: 
Jeffrey hello ! Sony for asking but I Should be at Your house at 12? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 28, 2013, at 1:48 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Thu, Mar 28, 2013 at 12:57 PM 
Subject: Reminder -Chinese Tapestry 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacationagmail.com>
Reminder to take Chinese tapestry with you from paris 
Sent from my iPhone 
************************************** 
********************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_00516735 
EFTA02014164
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jes% acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516736 
EFTA02014165

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014166.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.conteevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 5/25/2011 2:43:28 PM 
Subject: Re: Woody Allen 
This week does not work for Woody at all...including Saturday. They were asking if you might 
be around next week. 
On May 25, 2011, at 9:36 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
sure sat lunch is also open 
On Wed, May 25, 2011 at 9:28 AM, 
wrote: 
Would you like me to touch base with Woody Allen's assistant again today? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacatioragi_nail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518740 
EFTA02014166

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014167.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
Subject: Re: LSJ 
From: 
"Gary Kemey" sz:
> 
EFTA_R1_00516741 
EFTA02014167

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014168.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014168.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.conteevacation©gmail.comi; Jeffrey Epstein 
CCUeeyacation 
mail.com] 
Fran: 
Sent: 
Fri 10/28/2011 5:08:09 PM 
Subject: Dr. Merrell 
Just called Dr. Merrell:s office again re 
...Dr. Merrell is 
not in the office today but the did tell him you were asking....I asked the girl 
if she happened to know if 
and she said she did not know 
EFTA_R1_00518742 
EFTA02014168

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014169.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmaitcomUeevacationellgmail.com]; Jeffreleevacationegmail.comj 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent 
Tue 5/15/2012 1:55:47 PM 
Subject: RE: 
lets talk about it 
Date: Tue, 15 May 2012 12:53:11 +0200 
Subject: 
From: 'eevacation 
ail.com 
To: 
the world science festival is in ny first week of june.. any interest 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationQgmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516743 
EFTA02014169

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014170.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
gisitgas
imum
macom 
From: 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 29, 2011 9:14:09 PM 
Cc: 
To: 
EFTA_R1_00516744 
EFTA02014170

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014171.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
From: 
desmond_shum(a) 
To: 
jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent 
Thursday, December 22, 2011 9:05:16 AM 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00516745 
EFTA02014171

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014172.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationtagmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; jeffrey epsteinlieeyacation©gmail.cornj 
From: 
Nina K. 
Sent: 
Wed 12/14/2011 10:31:13 PM 
Subject: Re: 
But are you planning to come for sure on the 22nd? 
EFTA_R1_00516747 
EFTA02014172

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014173.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
• 
v 
in m 
m• v 
i n 
mil. m • J ffr 
in • 
vacation@gmail.com] 
Cc: 
From: 
Sent: 
Wed 5/4/2011 5:14:56 PM 
Subject: Nick Ribis 
Confirmed for 1 pm tomorrow. Do you want sushi from Steve? 
EFTA_R1_00516748 
EFTA02014173

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014174.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'
I/ 
in 
mail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 5/24/2011 4:47:20 PM 
Subject Fwd: Rich Barnett 
Rich had requested to take the week off. I suppose we have to wait for him to hang the 
paintings?? 
Forwarded message --------
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Tuc, May 3, 2011 at 5:54 PM 
Sub'ect: Re: Rich Barnett 
To: 
ok 
On Tue, May 3, 2011 at 4:50 PM, 
wrote:
Rich said his wife is having surgery in the week commencing Monday 23rd May and he would 
like to request to have the week off. He said the date when they operate does still depend on 
her blood but they are aiming for week of the 23rd. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510750 
EFTA02014174

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014175.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jefffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 10/20/2011 5:53:45 PM 
Subject: 
returned your call. She is finished with school and on her way home 
EFTA_R1_00516751 
EFTA02014175

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014176.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' v 
in 
mail.conteevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 2/15/2011 7:46:57 PM 
Subject Car 
Which car would you like to drive in this afternoon 
EFTA_R1_00516752 
EFTA02014176

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014177.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey epstein [mailto: jeevacation©gmail.com 
Sent 
Tuesday, April 19, 2011 04:37 AM 
To: 
Nicole Junkermann — ******* ****** "nen*" 
The information 
contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_00516753 
EFTA02014177

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014178.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014178.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Mon, 16Jan201203:24:45+0100To: < 
> Subject: can't sleep, — """•""""•""" 
••""""•""•"""•••"•••
The
information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_00516754 
EFTA02014178

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014179.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
Subject: 
Re: 
To: 
"Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
From: 
Received: 
Thu, 22 Dec 2011 09:27:08 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00516756 
EFTA02014179

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014180.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffreybeevacation©gmail cam] 
Cc: 
; Nelson, Justin D 
From: 
Barrett, Paul S 
Sent: 
Thur 10/18/2012 2:06:11 PM 
Subject: RE: To Do 
Confirmed 
Thanks 
Paul 
Paul Barrett, CFA 
Managing Director 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
JPMorgan Private Bank 
320 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10022 
(W) 
(F) 
NMLS ID# 
From: Jeffrey [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, October 18, 2012 9:50 AM 
To: Barrett, Paul S 
Subject: Re: To Do 
8? 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00516757 
EFTA02014180
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Oct 18, 2012, at 3:33 PM, "Barrett, Paul S" ‹
> wrote: 
Can we do 9am on the 25th? 
Paul Barrett, CFA 
Managing Director 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
JPMorgan Private Bank 
320 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10022 
(W) 
(F) 
NMLS ID# 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:ieeyacation*ornail.com]
Sent: Wednesday, October 17, 2012 2:43 PM 
To: Barrett, Paul S 
Subject: Re: To Do 
don't worry lets try 25 
On Wed, Oct 17, 2012 at 8:34 PM, Barrett, Paul S 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey 
Can we confirm a date for us to introduce your new banker. We had discussed the 26' Oct but I 
have my 10yr anniversary that weekend and will be out. 
EFTA_R1_00516758 
EFTA02014181
--- PAGE 3 ---
Paul 
Paul Barrett, CFA 
Managing Director 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
JPMorgan Private Bank 
320 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10022 
(W) 
(F) 
NMLS ID# 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:Jeevacationftomail.com]
Sent: Wednesday, October 17, 2012 10:49 AM 
To: Barrett, Paul S 
Subject: Re: To Do 
yes 
On Wed, Oct 17, 2012 at 4:31 PM, Barrett, Paul S < 
wrote: 
Jeffrey 
We are back to a level where we should get back into the 3yr x lyr interest rate swap. If you 
recall we received fixed in the 3yr x lyr European interest rate swap at 1.34% and made 
$55K. I would like to do the same size. 
EFTA_R1_00516759 
EFTA02014182
--- PAGE 4 ---
Let me know. 
Paul 
Paul Barrett, CFA 
Managing Director 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
JPMorgan Private Bank 
320 Park Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10022 
 (W) 
(F) 
NMLS ID# 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of securities. 
accuracy and completeness of information siruses, confidentiality. legal privilege. and legal entity disclaimers, available at 
htlpHwwwipmorcan.coni.panevdisclogures'enuil.
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to ksvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516760 
EFTA02014183
--- PAGE 5 ---
This email is confidential and subject to irnportant disclaimers and conditions including on oilers for the purchase or sale of securities, 
accuracy and completeness of information, viTIMS, confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available at 
\ VW ipmorgan.com pagcs.'disclosvrtivmail. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of securities. 
^r 
• 4••••"'"" confidentiality. legal privilege. and legal entity disclaimers, available at 
htip...www.ipmorcan COM mini Thsclosures entail. 
EFTA_R1_00516761 
EFTA02014184

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014185.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
Sun, 8 Jul 2012 11:30:46 
To: 
<
>*. <a> 
EFTA_R1_00516763 
EFTA02014185

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014186.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeeyacation@gmail.com > 
To: 
junkermann 
Sent: 
Mon Aug 30 02:53:36 2010 
EFTA_R1_00516764 
EFTA02014186

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014187.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014187.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
is here 
Sent: 
Thursday, January 2, 2014 5:31:08 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516765 
EFTA02014187

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014188.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: 
Last notes on London 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; undisctosed•recipients:(©] 
Fri 2/3/2012 7:01:27 PM 
Hey kids! 
I'm complaining a lot about the many things that doesn't make sense in the UAE (in fact, 
the whole region's existence doesn't make sense), but something that really doesn't 
make sense in the UK is some of the sinks. There's one tap for hot water and one for 
cold. This stupidity reminds me a lot of how Arabs think. 
I've uncovered another defect in the British system: It's not a microwave popcorn 
society. The only microwave popcorn I could find in the back of a store had an 
expiration date 5 years ago. I've been distressed as microwave popcorn counts towards 
my daily 5 servings of fruits and veggies! 
I was going to stock up on Victoria's Secret, because the only lingerie you can find in 
the UAE is kinky-ass, hole-in-the-crotch panty-style stuff (this is what happens when 
sex is made illegal) or Gap underwear and I just don't do Gap. I was shocked to find 
that Victoria's Secret is not coming to the London until Summer 2012!!! So British 
women don't wear underwear??? 
It's so cold my teeth are freezing! What amazes me is that many restaurants have 
outdoor seating! It's like Iceland... I'm Happyfeet. I'm telling people I feel like a polar 
bear. They don't seem to understand what I mean, neither do I, but I know I feel like 
one. 
I missed out on a job with an ULTRA high net worth individual * because I was 
overqualified. Does an overqualified person feel like a polar bear??? 
* I don't wanna go slumming by working for a high net worth individual, it's bad enough 
I'm currently working for a gigantic loser who flies...dare I say it...: commercial...! 
Except for the great Italian and French cafes, the food in London is not gourmet. Even 
the nasty Arabs and even nastier Indians in Abu Dhabi, who can't do anything right, 
make better food! 
I'm leaving tomorrow and haven't been able to land a job yet. I'm torn between London 
and New York. New York is the city I love, but I gotta say, Europeans are efficient, nice, 
courteous, and very laid back. I mean, they're strolling along in the TUBE as if they're 
on vacation! 
On a final note: The soccer scandal in Egypt is representative of how uncivilized and 
disgusting the Middle East is. Let's take a silent minute to hate the Middle East now. 
Take care! 
EFTA_R1_00516766 
EFTA02014188

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014189.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014189.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com 
Received: 
Sat, 19 May 2012 14:06:59 
To: 
< 
> 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00516767 
EFTA02014189

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014190.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Joe Pagano is here! 
Sent: 
Monday, May 23, 2011 3:50:12 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516768 
EFTA02014190

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014191.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014191.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmail.conteeyacationagmail.com]; Jeffreleeyacationegmail.comj 
From: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Sent 
Fri 4/13/2012 4:07:30 PM 
Will have lunch about 1pm 
EFTA_R1_00516769 
EFTA02014191

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014192.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014192.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject 
Gary P. Anzalone 
Thur 5/24/2012 12:37:55 PM 
Boeing in Stansted 
Hey Larry, 
EFTA_R1_00516770 
EFTA02014192

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014193.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014193.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
is Here! 
Sent 
Friday. July 18. 2014 2:03:40 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516772 
EFTA02014193

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014194.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Scott is here! 
Sent: 
Monday, June 27, 2011 4:36:22 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516773 
EFTA02014194

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014195.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationtagmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; jeffrey epsteinlieeyacation©gmail.cornj 
From: 
Nowak, Martin 
Sent 
Sun 2/19/2012 1:43:37 AM 
infsel.pdf 
these are the equations i wrote for inf/sel 
EFTA_R1_00516774 
EFTA02014195

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014196.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
JE Vacation 
To: 
Sent: 
May 11, 2009 7:16 PM 
Subject: 
Fwd: :) 
EFTA_R1_00516787 
EFTA02014196

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014197.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014197.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
From: 
Scott Denett 
Sent: 
Monday, December 27, 2010 2:07:38 AM 
EFTA_R1_00516788 
EFTA02014197

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014198.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Brice( 
Fran: 
Jeffrey 
Sent 
Sun 4/22/2012 8:05:51 PM 
Have someone put water on the standing bag in the gym 
EFTA_R1_00516790 
EFTA02014198

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014199.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation 
mail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com] Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Wed 3/30/2011 3:57:16 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Deal! :) 
On Mar 30, 2011, at 11:56 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
come see me at 12 30? 
On Wed, Mar 30, 2011 at 11:54 AM, 
wrote: 
Hey Jeffrey, 
Ar you back yet?? 
Really wanted to speak to you.. 
xoxo 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmai I corn, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516791 
EFTA02014199

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014200.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.corn> 
Received: 
Wed, 14 Dec 2011 22:14:09=20 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00516792 
EFTA02014200

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014201.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationtagmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent 
Tue 3/20/2012 1:52:06 PM 
Based on our conversation I am going to open bank accounts for the following 
title holding USVI S corps in order to pay real estate taxes: 
EFTA_R1_00516793 
EFTA02014201

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014202.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
•eevacation@gmaii.comneevacation@gmacomb Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 7/5/2011 1:15:13 PM 
Subject Re: Re: 
I am going ask right now when will over my payment for 10 weeks. 
Regards, 
On Jul 5, 2011, at 9:08 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationagmail.com> wrote: 
no, sorry when does school finish july or aug 
On Tue, Jul 5, 2011 at 9:06 AM, 
wrote: 
I finish at 10. 
Regards, 
On Jul 5, 2011, at 9:02 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevaeation@gmail.com> wrote: 
how much longer is this school? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jegyacationasmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFT&R1_00516794 
EFTA02014202

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014203.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Marc Dober[
llillina 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 
Tue 11/15/2011 9:27:24 AM 
Subject: 
Re: 
it is not detailed enough on anything„ I prefer the photos. 
thanks 
On Mon, Nov 14, 2011 at 11:47 PM, Marc Dober ‹
> wrote: 
> Jeff, 
> This is just a test video I took today. It is short but I hope to 
> supplement the pictures we take tomorrow, weather permitting, with 
> something like this. It give you a better perspective. 
> Let me know what you think and if this will work. 
> Marc 
> Begin forwarded message: 
> 
• *From: *Marc Dober e
> 
> *Date: 'November 14, 2011 6:28:02 PM AST 
> *To: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516796 
EFTA02014203

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014204.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epstein[eeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Matthew I. Menchel 
Sent: 
Sun 3/27/2011 11:47:20 PM 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Do you have the letter? 
Matthew I. Menchel 
KOBRE & KIM LLP 
wvnv.kobrekim.corn 
New York 
London I Hong Kong I Washington DC I Miami 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Sunday, March 27, 2011 7:46 PM 
To: Matthew I. Menchel 
Subject: Re: 
to whom it may concern, and published by the daily beast. 
On Sun, Mar 27, 2011 at 6:57 PM, Matthew I. Menchel ‹
> 
wrote: 
Who did Alex write the letter to? The Daily Beast? 
EFTA_R1_00516797 
EFTA02014204
--- PAGE 2 ---
Matthew I. Menchel 
KOBRE & KIM LLP 
www.kobrekim.com 
New York 
London j Hong Kong 
Washington DC 
Miami 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (mailto:jeevacationaeginail.comj
Sent: Friday, March 25, 2011 I:55 PM 
To: Matthew I. Menchel 
Subject: 
THis has a recent letter from Acosta , written this week.. 
.ITs crazy.. 
httpi/www.thedailybcast.com/blogs-and-stories/20I I -03-25/jeffrey-epstein-how-the-billionaire-
pedophile-got-off-easy/ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This e-mail message is from Kobre & Kim LLP, a law firm, and may contain legally 
privileged and/or confidential information. If the reader of this message is not 
the intended recipient(s), or the employee or agent responsible for delivering 
the message to the intended recipient(s). you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail message is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender 
immediately and delete this e-mail message and any attachments from your computer 
without retaining a copy. 
EFTA_R1_00516798 
EFTA02014205
--- PAGE 3 ---
IRS Circular 230 disclosure: Any tax advice contained in this communication 
(including any attachments or enclosures) was not intended or written to be used, 
and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal 
Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any 
transaction or matter addressed in this communication. (The foregoing disclaimer 
has been affixed pursuant to U.S. Treasury regulations governing tax 
practitioners.) 
************************************* 
********************* 
* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOgmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516799 
EFTA02014206

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014207.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' v 
in 
mail.comgeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 12/31/2010 10:37:07 PM 
Subject: New Year 
Wishing you a wonderful New Year! So, we arrived in NJ (flat and snowy) only the people speak 
French and can't seem to give out a straight answer. The most common response is, "Can I call 
you later when I find out?" Which translates to "fuck-off" or I have no idea, let me call someone 
else who has no idea and then another person with again, no idea! It's very funny. We also think it 
translates to: my shift is ending in 5min, call back when I'm not here. Also, the women to men 
ratio one the plane was 5 to 1. It was strange. And so far they were cute! I have a crush on the 
women at the front desk. : ) Thinking of you. 
EFTA_R1_00516803 
EFTA02014207

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014208.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > To: 
Mon, November 15, 2010 4:04:59 PM Subject: Re: why? On Mon, Nov 15, 2010 at 8:18 PM, 
wrote: are you back? 
> Sent: 
******************************************* ***** *********** The information
contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may 
EFTA R1_00518804 
EFTA02014208

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014209.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014209.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
=ion©gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmaif corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 11/18/2011 2:16:21 PM 
Subject Re: 
Thank you. I believe I will. :) 
On Nov 18, 2011, at 9:01 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
if you want to store some of the excess stuff in your pat at 71 st „ feel free. you 
don't need all those things every day 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516805 
EFTA02014209

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014210.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014210.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein [mailto: jeevacation©gmail.com ] Sent: Wednesday, October 13, 2010 11:57 
AM To: Pritzker, Tom Subject: 
EFTA_R1_00516806 
EFTA02014210

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014211.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014211.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Lang, Caroline 
Sent: 
Thur 10/18/2012 10:19:37 PM 
Subject: Re: when you have time call me 
I went to the theater at 8 pm and turned my phone off. 
Let's try to speak tomorrow 
Good night! 
De : Jeffrey [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
pivoye : Thursday, October 18, 2012 07:13 PM 
A : Lang, Caroline 
Objet : Re: when you have time call me 
I tricd 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct IS, 2012, at 5:29 PM, "Lang, Caroline" < 
Regarding an assistant in Paris 
> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00516807 
EFTA02014211

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014212.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014212.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.con[jeevacationellgmail.corn]; Jefffrey Epstein[jeeyacation@gmail con)] 
Fran: 
Sent 
Tue 9/27/2011 1:42:40 PM 
Subject Rich Cortese 
Would you like to try to set up a time to speak with him today? If so around what time? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: September 26, 2011 7:59:36 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Reply-To: 
I haven't heard anything, should 1 take it personal. Only kidding, do you know if he will 
call. 
Rich 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
EFTA_R1_00516808 
EFTA02014212

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014213.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeevacation < jeevacation©gmail.com > 
To: 
Felicia Taylor 
Sent: 
Wed Jul 14 08:55:43 2010 
Subject: Re: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00516810 
EFTA02014213

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014214.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014214.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffres[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Jennie Enterprise 
Sent: 
Tue 5/15/2012 2:08:51 PM 
Subject: RE: 
May be possible someday thought right ? Every thing possible right ? 
EFTA_R1_00516811 
EFTA02014214

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014215.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Direct flight to London 
ail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Fri 7/22/2011 2:13:35 AM 
The best fare I am finding to London is $ 989 with Delta. Leaves tomorrow eve at 1 Ipm. My 
other flight departs at 10.40 so pretty similar in time. I like having a late departure so I will get to 
see you when you get home. 
Should I go via Paris or direct on Delta? 
EFTA_R1_00516812 
EFTA02014215

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014216.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation 
maitcom[jeevacationetgmail.com] Jefffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 8/2/2011 2:07:20 PM 
Subject: Michael Shane 
Please sec below...and advise.... 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Michael Shane 
Date: August 2, 2011 10:02:31 AM EDT 
To: 
Hi Jeff, 
You had mentioned you would be back in New York on July 28th. 
If you are back would you have a half hour to get together. 
Thanks. 
Best, 
Michael 
Michael Shane 
EFTA_R1_00518813 
EFTA02014216

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014217.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationiagmaitcom[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Jennie Saunders 
Sent 
Sat 2/5/2011 6:33:51 PM 
Subject: RE: 
We can do as early as u want tomorrow 
Jennie Saunders I Founder & Chairman I 66 East 55th Street New York NY 13022
Main: 
I Mobile: 
www.coreaccess.net I 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Saturday, February 05, 2011 12:31 PM 
To: Jennie Saunders 
Subject: Re: 
toDAY? FACIAL? 
On Sat, Feb 5, 2011 at 10:13 AM, Jennie Saunders 
wrote: 
How does today look for u 
Jennie Saunders I Founder & Chairman I 66 East 55th Street New York NY 1002, 
Main: 
I Mobile: 
www.coreaccess.net I 
ARAAAAAA********* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_00516814 
EFTA02014217
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to ice\ acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516815 
EFTA02014218

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014219.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.compeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein 
CCUeevacation 
mail.com 
Cc: 
Rich Barne 
I 
e Jojo fontanilla 
fontanill 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Thur 3/15/2012 8:56:36 PM 
Subject: Priveleged & Confidential 
TONIGHT: 
5:00 Appt w/Yflce (
) 
7:00 BBB Gathering Tonight (Barbro 
March 16., 2012 Friday 
o, 
Jojo 
March 17, 2012 Saturday 
8:30pm Depart in the evening with Woody Allen and Soon Yi, Bechet, 
Manzie & Morgane (the Au Pair) to Paris 
EFTA_R1_00516816 
EFTA02014219

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014220.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.comfjeevacation©gmail.comb Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 4/4/2012 3:12:15 PM 
Subject: Re: 11 coot call tomorrow? 
ok, I will let all know. thanks 
On Apr 4, 2012, at 11:10 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
no 
On Wed, Apr 4, 2012 at 11:09 AM, 
wrote: 
Do you wish to have the 1 lam conf call tomorrow with Joe, Chris, Lilly and 
Darren? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516817 
EFTA02014220

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014221.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Faith Kates[@] 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: Re: 
barneys first floor mad entrance 
EFTA_R1_00516820 
EFTA02014221

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014222.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationiagmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationftmail.comgeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 6/14/2011 5:09:42 PM 
EFTA_R1_00516822 
EFTA02014222

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014223.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014223.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
• 
v 
in 
mil 
m' v 
i n 
mil. m • 
fffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
Cc: 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Wed 5/25/2011 2:35:00 PM 
Subject: 
Michael Wolff 
Michael Wolff is asking if you will be in NY next week...please advise. 
EFTA_R1_00516823 
EFTA02014223

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014224.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Bx of point shoes: about $570 
Sent: 
Wednesday, April 13, 2011 3:27:41 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516824 
EFTA02014224

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014225.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > 
To: 
igor < 111111.111.11
> 
Cc: 
Sent: 
Mon Nov 15 03:59:10 2010 
EFTA_R1_00516828 
EFTA02014225

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014226.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jefffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Fri 10/28/2011 10:02:53 AM 
Subject: 
Today 
Morning Jeffrey. I plan to go to the office this morning and work on reading and 
pulling documents for Darren. Do you want me to stay at the office and work on 
this or come over to the house at noon for you!? I will of course do whatever 
you like. 
EFTA_R1_00516829 
EFTA02014226

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014227.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
iiiiiiiiimail.comueevacation©gmail.comi: Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 6/6/2011 10:37:46 AM 
Subject: Re: 
how are you today? 
Best regards, 
Ornpasneuo c iPhone 
06.06.2011, a 11:22, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> aanncan(a): 
arc you awake? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmaiI.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516830 
EFTA02014227

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014228.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Wednesday, February 15, 2012 2:41:58 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00518831 
EFTA02014228

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014229.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
To: 
"Jeffrey' <'eevacation@gmall.com> 
From: 
Received: 
jeevaeation@gmail.com 
Tue, 1 Nov 2011 23:39:23 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00516834 
EFTA02014229

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014230.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014230.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.compeevacation©gmaiteorn]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
LSJ 
Sent 
Thur 7/12/2012 12:32:27 AM 
Subject: Re: 
We placed order awaiting confirmation of delivery date from AMEX 
■ 
On Jul 11, 24 Heisei, at 8:03 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <ieevaeationcternail corn> wrote: 
when do the solar lights arrive.? , 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacatioraginail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516835 
EFTA02014230

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014231.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < eevacation 
mail.com > Date: Sun, 11 Jul 2010 12:37:43 -0400 To: 
PETER MANDELSON< 
> Sub'ect: Re: ask for a job On Sun, Jul 11, 
2010 at 12:15 PM, PETER MANDELSON < 
> wrote: Home. Seeing 
Tim Collins in 45 mins. Any suggestions ? 
On Sat, 10/7/10, Jeffrey Epstein < 
jeevacation@gmail.com > wrote: From: Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation©gmail.com > Subject: 
To: "PETER MANDELSON" < 
2010, 17:33 now where? --
> Date: Saturday, 10 July, 
EFTA_R1_00516836 
EFTA02014231

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014232.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.comijeevacation©gmail.comj: Jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
From: 
brice gordon 
Sent 
Thur 4/26/2012 10:23:33 AM 
Subject: Re: 
ok 
On Thu, Apr 26, 2012 at 1:29 AM, jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Priority today is engineering clean up . Let's move the container with the desal for sale , out of 
the area, the Polaris must today be put in garbage ..Reber and flag the electrical vaults . So 
we can try to fit a new structure . 
Sent from my iPad 
Brice Gordon 
Little Saint James 
USVI 
Phone: 
EFTA_R1_00516838 
EFTA02014232

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014233.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014233.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comueevacation6gmail.com]; Jeffreleevacationegmail.comj 
From: 
ROMOSSIMISIMISONS 
Sent 
Wed 9/26/2012 2:46:17 PM 
If u got an email from one of my really old accounts don't open it. I got hacked and a bunch of 
people were cmailcd from my old yahoo email. Very sorry. 
Xoxo 
Sent from my HTC smartphone on the Now Network from Sprint! 
EFTA_R1_00516839 
EFTA02014233

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014234.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.con]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Glenn Dubin 
Sent 
Thur 4/18/2013 5:47:04 PM 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Im meeting her and seeing the apt on mon. I'll let you know my thoughts after. Greg from my office has 
been working with Darren in dealing with the Corbin issues. He is the best person to deal with it, as he is 
involved in the restructuring and has ( by far) the best relationship w Henry. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, April 18, 2013 1:33 PM 
To: Glenn Dubin 
Subject: Re: 
or i can bid 4 and you can bid 4.250.? 6 is too high... any thoughts on the last corbin henry 
email? 
On Thu, Apr 18, 2013 at 1:26 PM, Glenn Dubin < 
wrote: 
Yes? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [rnailto:jeevecation@cimeitcom] 
Sent: Thursday, April 18, 2013 1:23 PM 
To: Glenn Dubin 
Subject: 
Im told that another ny person is 
seeing the apt at the charles on monday is it you? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_00518840 
EFTA02014234
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. if you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
***************** 
********** 
****************** 
************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_00516841 
EFTA02014235

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014236.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epstein 
Cqieevacation 
mail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 3/26/2012 6:36:00 PM 
Subject: Brian Boyd dinner where? 
Do you wish to choose the restaurant you want to have dinner at with Brian Boyd on April 15th 
and I will make reservations? 
9:00 Meet Martin Nowak at the Institute (gyp) 
)CONFIRMED 
9:30 Appt w/Corrina Tarnita ( 
CONFIRMED 
10:30 Appt w/Howard Gardner (prefers 10:30 or asks for early because 
he has out of town guests) 
CONFIRMED 
3:00 Appt.Seth Lloyd (MIM 
p)( 
CONFIRMED (Told Seth he can conic any time he likes and join 
in!) 
4:00 Appt w/Henry Rosovosky 
(p) 
CONFIRMED 
5:00 Appt w/ Ted ICaptchuk 
)CONFIRMED 
5:00 TENTATIVE Appt w/George Church: 
EFTA_R1_00516842 
EFTA02014236
--- PAGE 2 ---
Yveta:  
Need to follow up as the date approaches 
??? Breakfast or Lunch w/Larry Summers ("Shample, Julie" 
) Larry cell: 
. Larry I lome: 
. Julie cell: 
??? Dinner w/Brian Boyd 
) YES-Need Time 
and Place 
??? Stephen Wolfram 
Broadrick 
TOUCHed BASE MONDAY 
MARCH 19, Monday March 26 
WILL AUSTIN HEARST BE JOINING THE TRIP? Austin Hearst (1= 
Nadine is his assistant: 
TOUCH BASE APRIL 4 
Brian Boyd staying at the Sheraton Commander Hotel at 16 Garden 
Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts. 
Confirmation # 
278052055, April 10-17 (JE has paid for nights of the 15th & 16th) 
EFTA_R1_00516843 
EFTA02014237

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014238.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationepgmail.com[jeevacationetgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent 
Thur 9/22/2011 5:46:04 PM 
Subject: RE: Fwd: 
I do not understand last part of her email — "before an oct I meeting with Bg/Mg" 
Does she say that there is a mtg on October Im with BilIG? 
I am not aware of any. 
I will check if meeting was scheduled. 
B 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, September 22, 2011 3:12 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Fwd: 
----- Forwarded message 
From: Erdoes, Mary E 
Date: Thu, Sep 22, 2011 at 2:12 AM 
Subject: Re: 
To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com>, "Staley, Jes" 
Team is going to go out next thursday (I am in rome) so I am going to dial in. I can go out the following 
week but they want to meet before an oct 1 meeting with Bg/Mg. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:icevacation(fremail.coni] 
Sent: Thursday, September 22, 2011 12:50 AM 
EFTA_R1_00516645 
EFTA02014238
--- PAGE 2 ---
To: Erdoes, Mary E; Staley, les 
Subject: 
IF you do decide to go to Seatle , I think it might be helpful to review your plans 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers 
for the purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, 
confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available at 
htrpSxvwwjprjnnan.co±r_ip/ag,es/disclosures/ernail. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516846 
EFTA02014239

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014240.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Melanie 
Sent: 
Sat 5/21/2011 9:49:27 PM 
What"??? 
You'd rather see some stupid skanky model than ME.. 
Wait don't answer that. 
Boris and Sam say hi 
EFTA_R1_00516847 
EFTA02014240

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014241.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014241.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject Re: 
jeevacation©gmail.compeevacation@gmail.cont Jeffreleevacationegmail.comj 
Sat 9/22/201211:41:09 PM 
When we met downstairs I understood we were going to the hotel. I missunderstood 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 22 Sep 2012 19:31:00 -0400 
To: 
Subject: 
BORIS WONT ARRIVE UNTIL 9. IM NOT SURE WHY YOU GUYS DID NOT COME BY 
THE HOUSE. 
***** **************** ******** *** ******* ******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jce\ acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510848 
EFTA02014241

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014242.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014242.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic (bgC3) 
Sent 
Mon 1/24/2011 8:14:01 PM 
Subject: RE: NY next week 
Just going again through all emails (over 200 today). 
Just fyi and sort of funny — I did not offer/suggest Peter that he should meet Bill. I told him that I will be 
at mtgs with Bill for the most of Monday and Tuesday but that I will find some time to meet him (after 
meeting). 
Davos madness starts tomorrow. 
How is Paris? 
Can't wait to see you in NYC - it will be fun! 
Boris 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, January 24, 2011 4:30 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic (bgC3) 
Subject: Fwd: NY next week 
i only want it you me and bill „ how would you like me to respond 
Forwarded message 
From: PETER MANDELSON 
Date: Mon, Jan 24, 2011 at 1:20 PM 
Subject: NY next week 
EFTA_R1_00518849 
EFTA02014242
--- PAGE 2 ---
To: jeo. acationif(tamaconl 
Do you think idea for me to see Bill Gates next week ? Boris says he is having dinner 
on Tues so there will be some overlap. 
Lord Mendelson 
Chairman, Global Counsel LLP 
t. 
Knightsbridge Green, London, SW1X 7NW 
***********************************************************
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516850 
EFTA02014243

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014244.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014244.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Gmax 
Sent: 
Tue Mar 15 14:55:00 2011 
Subject: Fwd: Privileged and Confidential 
EFTA_R1_00516851 
EFTA02014244

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014245.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014245.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationtOgmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; jeffrey epsteinlieeyacation©gmaitcomj 
From: 
Nina K. 
Sent: 
Wed 12/14/2011 10:33:55 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Ok. 
EFTA_R1_00516852 
EFTA02014245

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014246.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014246.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > Date: Tue, 9 Feb 2010 12:58:16 -0500 To: ■ 
> Subject: ive tried to call twice.. 
--
 The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. 
It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of 
this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_00516853 
EFTA02014246

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014247.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Lawrence Krauss 
Sent: 
Mon 6/27/2011 10:57:50 PM 
Subject: Fwd: MAIL 
I am in Australia Jeffrey.. So happy to hear you called.. When I hadn't heard back from my email 
I worried.. Jessica was out for a week on vacation and did not check my voicemail till today. Is 
there a number I can skypc you on? I am in Australia till the 13th, then back in US to give a 
lecture at Jet Propulsion Lab, then off to Las Vegas for the conference where people will walk 
out of my talk, then back in Phoenix for 2 days (July 17-19), then off to England to lecture, then 
back in Australia till end of Aug.. 
Begin forwarded message: 
Jeffrey Epstein also left you a voicemail on the 22nd saying he was trying 
to find you - I hope that he did. 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Foundation Professor 
Director, The ASU Origins Project 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
Assoc. Dir, Beyond Center 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
College of Liberal Arts and Sciences 
School of Earth and Space Exploration 
PO Box 871404 I Tempe AZ 85287-1404 
fittp:;Arauss faculty asu.edu 
Exec. Asst (Jessica): 
Origins Asst (Cynthia): 
EFTA_R1_00516854 
EFTA02014247

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014248.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014248.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comjjeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Nicole Junkermann 
Sent 
Fri 8/24/2012 1:09:44 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Venice with my mother and u? How are u? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 24 aofit 2012, at 15:02, "Jeffrey Epstein" <teevacation@smail.com> wrote: 
news? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516855 
EFTA02014248

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014249.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
m 
.m 
ff 
I •m 
Cc: 
Rich Barn 
and Jojo fontanilla 
Jojo 
fontanilla[ 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Mon 3/12/2012 4:01:55 PM 
Subject: Re: Harry Beller 
harry will head over to the house now! 
On Mar 12, 2012, at 11:56 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
now 
On Mon, Mar 12, 2012 at 11:00 AM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Harry Belier is asking if he could come and see you today privately. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationigmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00515857 
EFTA02014249

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014250.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014250.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Claudia Leschuck [mailto: 
Sent: 
Thursday, March 04, 2010 : 
To: 
Cc: 
Claudia Leschuck 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_00516858 
EFTA02014250

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014251.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationftmail.comfjeeyacation@gmaitcont Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Fri 10/28/2011 11:36:14 AM 
Subject Re: 
I will take care of it all and see you around 1:00. 
Re =- 
the last time we communicated was on Wednesday. She bad a doctor appt at 11:30 
and school from 2-4. She said she would cancel the doctor and go another time if you wanted to 
see her. I did not communicate with her yesterday. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 28, 2011, at 7:30 AM, Jeffrey Epstein lecvacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
should be home at I come then„ schedule tramo and shank together, ask den if 
she wants to join, 
and friend, cromin for 30 minutes , did renate 
ever get back to you, ask melissan if woody would like to get together tinigh or 
tomor lunch. , low prioority scedule jarecki after 4 30,1 ill go thre, dangegne ? 
call list dr. merrill, gary, reid terje, 
***** 
****************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationOgmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516859 
EFTA02014251

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014252.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014252.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Jean luc Brunel 
Sent: 
Thur 8/16/2012 2:37:24 PM 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00516861 
EFTA02014252

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014253.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Mike SitrickM 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
I believe she intends to write that the govt is going to open an investigation„ 
we think highly unlikely„ but makes for a good story 
EFTA_R1_00516862 
EFTA02014253

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014254.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation©gmail.com > Date: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 12:37:28 -0500 To: < 
> Subject: Re: tomorowi is wed On Tue, Jan 18, 2011 at 12:09 PM, < 
IMIIIISINISSIMM> wrote: 
I canceled that time, 
Shall I stop in nyc tomorrow and leave on wed? 
Original Message 
From: jeffrey epstein 
To: 
Subject: 
Sent: 18 Jan 2011 16:35 
Woody coming for dinner Tom in ny 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
************* ********************************* *********** 
The information
contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_00518883 
EFTA02014254

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014255.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014255.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Jennie EnterpriseVaj1 
From: 
jeffrey [mailtojeeyacation©gmail.com1=20 
Subject: Re:=20 
No 
EFTA_R1_00516864 
EFTA02014255

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014256.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014256.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
• 
in
mil 
m' y 
i n 
mail.com] Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Cc: 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Tue 10/16/2012 11:57:43 AM 
Subject Re: 
Super will do. 
Lets talk today 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 16, 2012, at 5:56 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@amail.com> wrote: 
please orgazic a ticket for 
for xmas she will provide details. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510865 
EFTA02014256

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014257.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014257.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Fran: 
Sent 
Subject Lunch today? 
Would you like lunch when 
is here. She is coming at I pm 
maitconteevacation©gmail.comi: Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Thur 12/15/2011 4:19:20 PM 
EFTA_R1_00516867 
EFTA02014257

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014258.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014258.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject Re: 
eitcomueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Thur 10/18/2012 11:35:33 PM 
Because I did not feel comfortable about this 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
Le 19 oct. 2012 a 01:19, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
why didn't you show me your breasts k„ that s more important 
On Fri, Oct 19, 2012 at 1:14 AM, 
<age 
wrote: 
Why didnt you take me to Fiac with you? 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
Le 19 oct. 2012 a 00:49, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
the breast was a test of yes or no first 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA_R1_00516868 
EFTA02014258
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516869 
EFTA02014259

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014260.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014260.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Fran: 
Sent 
Subject Re: visit to island 
il.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com] Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation©gmail.corn] 
Sat 4/7/2012 10:30:29 PM 
Sounds amazing!! Lucky me: )) 
On Apr 7, 2012, at 5:27 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
you and Steve arc going to jean gcorgc to re live the zagat lunch so the chef 
understands what i want„ have fun 
On Sat, Apr 7, 2012 at 4:46 PM, 
wrote: 
Yes, she's on the same flight tomorrow 
On Apr 7, 2012, at 2:51 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation(agmail.com> wrote: 
should be on the flight? 
Forwarded messa e 
From: Ian Osborne 
Date: Sat, Apr 7, 2012 at 2:45 PM 
Subject: Re: visit to island 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation(agmail,com>
AA 605 from JFK arriving 1205pm Sunday 
AA 672 to Miami departing 4pm Monday 
Thanks. 
On 7 April 2012 19:43, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@smail.com> wrote: 
flight details 
On Sat, Apr 7, 2012 at 2:27 PM, Ian Osborne Ma> 
wrote: 
Great. look forward to it. 
On 7 April 2012 19:10, Jeffrey Epstein lecvacation@smail.com> wrote: 
definitely . 
On Sat, Apr 7, 2012 at 2:03 PM, Ian Osborne <Ma> 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00516871 
EFTA02014260
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey, 
If it is convenient, I could come tomorrow - arriving St Thomas at 1205pm. 
I would plan to leave on Monday afternoon - departing St Thomas at 4pm then onto 
Miami to fly to Sao Paulo and Rio. 
If that still works, let me know and I will book. 
And I will send you a separate email re: the Zalando investment proposal. 
Best wishes, 
Ian 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_00518872 
EFTA02014261
--- PAGE 3 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518873 
EFTA02014262

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014263.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014263.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; jeffrey epsteinbeevacation©gmail.comj 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Fri 12/9/2011 7:37:32 AM 
Subject: RE: Trip? 
No problem. Just let me know as soon as you know. 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: jeffrey epstein 
Sent: Thursday, December 08, 2011 23:31 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: Trip? 
These people change the plans , twice.a day. It's making me crazy 
Sent from my iPad 
On Dec 9, 2011, at 2:47 AM, Boris Nikolic < 
wrote: 
Did you confirm your Africa trip? 
I need to get my flights — please let me know 
B 
EFTA_R1_00516874 
EFTA02014263

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014264.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmailcorn] 
From: 
lana zakocela 
Sent 
Mon 2/14/2011 1:36:00 PM 
Subject: Re: 
ahh..Jeffrey 
happy Valentine's day!!! xxx 
Are you in a good mood or no? 
then i will tell you ..hahaha 
From: leffan
aca
mall.com> 
To: lana 
Sent: Mon, 14 February, 2011 14:02:14 
Subject: 
and what do you want for valentine day? 
******************************* 
**************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation(agmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516875 
EFTA02014264

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014265.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmaitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
heal 
Sent: 
Sun 9/23/2012 3:38:24 AM 
Subject: Re: 
should we cancel electric room? 
EFTA_R1_00516876 
EFTA02014265

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014266.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014266.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject From: jeevacation/pgrnailcoalTo: 
sat? --
e information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_00516877 
EFTA02014266

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014267.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Re: 
From: 
"Gary Kemey" 
EFTA_R1_00516879 
EFTA02014267

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014268.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014268.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Curtis 
; Emil 
From: 
Subject: 
Je ey Epstein 
Hello Emily. Jeffrey would like to speak with Todd. Could you please have him 
give Jeffrey a call at: 
EFTA_R1_00516881 
EFTA02014268

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014269.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014269.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmailcom > 
To: 
Sent: 
Wed Oct 13 08:39:34 2010 
EFTA_R1_00516883 
EFTA02014269

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014270.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014270.pdf
----------------------------------------
il.com 
mail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com]; 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 4/19/2011 3:23:50 PM 
Subject: Re: Hi Jeffrey 
Wow Ju!!!! Cant wait to see you!! Have missed you! Lots love and fly safe xxxxx 
On The, Apr 19, 2011 at 7:36 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jcevacationggmail.com> wrote: 
this wekend is great„ sue is here 
On Tue, Apr 19, 2011 at 7:35 AM, 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey 
How arc you? 
Fm doing very well! I stopped smoking 6 months ago, go running every day. I started selling 
property in Camps Bay 2 months ago and just made my first sale!!!! This is the company I am 
with - www.soukop  co /a 
I also started painting and have got my work in a gallery already! I'm doing very well and feeling 
great! I never realised how much I love keeping busy! 
Anyway I'm coming to NY this weekend, I'll be there till the Ilth May, it would be great to see 
you! How've you been? 
Lots of love 
Xxxxxxx 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA R1_00510884 
EFTA02014270

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014271.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014271.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesda November 30 2011 12:47:52 PM 
To: 
EFTA_R1_00516886 
EFTA02014271

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014272.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014272.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Adam Bly is here! 
Sent: 
Friday, April 15, 2011 9:08:35 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00516887 
EFTA02014272

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014273.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014273.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
iiiiiition©gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmall.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Sun 3/11/2012 8:51:12 PM 
Subject Re: 
Thanks but it's ok, too late , I were in The hospital this morning but it's was closed , I thought 
may be they open afternoon on Sunday , but probably they not working on weekends at all 
Sent from my iPad 
On Mar 11, 2012, at 4:35 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jecvaeation@gmail.com> wrote: 
email eva 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevaeationagmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516890 
EFTA02014273

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014274.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation&mail.com 
Subject: Re: 
To: 
"Jeffrey" <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
From: 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 26, 2011 6:08:05 PM 
EFTA_R1_00516891 
EFTA02014274

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014275.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014275.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 
From: 
Subject: 
Sent 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein CC <jeevacation@gmaii.com> 
Tuesday, October 25, 2011 2:34:06 PM 
EFTA_R1_00516892 
EFTA02014275

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014276.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' y 
in 
mail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 12/15/2011 2:50:24 PM 
Subject: Conference call canceled 
I was not aware that the conference call had been canceled. I have emailed 
Chis and Joe as 
Darren requested and we are currently waiting for a new time from them either late this afternoon 
or tomorrow morning. 
EFTA_R1_00516895 
EFTA02014276

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014277.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > Date: Fri, 25 Dec 2009 09:02:33 -0500 To: < 
> Subject: Re: how about tonight On Fri, Dec 25, 2009 at 2:53 PM, < 
> wrote: 
There are no flights so early in the morning. I leave Vienna at 11.20am 
tomorrow Sent via portable phone From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 25 Dec 2009 08:08:53 -0500 To: < 
> Subject: 
Re: 
EFTA_R1_00516896 
EFTA02014277

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014278.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Lvjetlia) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: Seattle - SIT seatle -turks 
? On Sun, Jul 3, 2011 at 5:47 PM, Lvjet 
> 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00516897 
EFTA02014278

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014279.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
David Stem........IM 
Cc: 
Bella Klein 
From: 
Jeffrey 
Sent 
Fri 7/20/2012 4:49:47 PM 
Send name to Bella for tranfer 
EFTA_R1_00516898 
EFTA02014279

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014280.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacationetgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Joseph Igala 
Sent 
Mon 5/9/2011 11:43:20 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Good Morning: 
Landscape Sumary for last Week 
(May 2nd - May 5th) 
- removed scagrapc from northeastern coast. 
- finished prepping Master bedroom for walls, dirt, and ultimately plants. 
- cleaned up Entrybasked, replanted bouganvilla. 
- continued clearing out nursery, staging areas to be planted. 
- Filled Planters in Main Compound 
- Began Filling rock terrace on the western side of library 
- Began prepping Library planters to be filled. 
As for the question of the wild grass seed mixed with the hydroseed. 
=Yes! We do mix the wild seed for certain areas. We could use some new seed, since the 
gennnination rates hasn't been great, on the several bags of seed that Was here when I came. 
Today Manday May 9th, 
I will finish making different color stakes to mark the propossed location of coconuts and Bottel 
Palms. 
Gary Kearny and I will place them where you told us you wanted trees, and then we will send 
photos for your approval. 
Thank You, 
Igala 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 7, 2011, at 8:39 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevaeation@ginail.com> wrote: 
please give me a summary of landscape done this week. I want an agreed tree plan 
and entry basket. by monday evening 
*********************************************************** 
EFTA_R1_00516899 
EFTA02014280
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516900 
EFTA02014281

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014282.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014282.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmaitcomijeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Zorro Ranch 
Sent 
Mon 4/15/2013 6:35:08 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Thank you 
On Apr 15, 2013, at 12:29 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
after is fine 
On Mon, Apr 15, 2013 at 2:26 PM, brice gordon ‹
> wrote: 
Sorry 
on Sunday and have scheduled to 
ABQ 
would it be possible to do it before then? 
pm in 
On Mon, Apr 15, 2013 at 12:20 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacationagmail.com> wrote: 
yours 
On Mon, Apr 15, 2013 at 12:56 PM, brice gordon 
> wrote: 
oclock your time? 
On Mon, Apr 15, 2013 at 10:37 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jcevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
oclock call. thanks 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to ke‘acationPgrnail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516901 
EFTA02014282
--- PAGE 2 ---
Brice Gunitsi
Nen 
C 
t • I I 
Phone 
***************** 
********** 
****************** 
************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@omail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Brice Gordon 
New Mexico 
Phone: 
*********** 
****************** 
****** ************************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_00516902 
EFTA02014283
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516903 
EFTA02014284

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014285.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com(jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Steve Hanson 
Sent 
Fri 7/22/2011 8:29:34 PM 
Subject: I know your crazy 
Title: I know your crazy 
But when u have time 
Sam- came in - have a few ideas- needs sonic training on basic events planning 
Your island. Spoke to 3 people - I could be ok as a consultant- and help set it all up- then help us find someone to day to 
day ops 
I need some guidance on both 
So when ur free- let me know 
Sent Gem Steve I lanson's Blackbeny 
Proud to be the first national multi-concept restaurant group to be certified Green by the Green Restaurant Association 
Confidentiality Notice: This c-mail transmission and any file or previous e-mail attached to it is intended to be viewed only 
by the party to which it is addressed and may contain valuable business information that is confidential and/or otherwise 
protected from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any 
review, disclosure, dissemination or use of any of the information contained in or attached to this transmission is 
STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Thank you for your cooperation. 
EFTA_R1_00518904 
EFTA02014285

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014286.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: IIIIIRIstn 
do we have pablo holmans email and phone? 
EFTA_R1_00516906 
EFTA02014286

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014287.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014287.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation 
mail.compeeyacation@gmail.corn] Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Fran: 
Sent 
Sun 3/4/2012 7:03:46 PM 
Subject Re: Re: 
soon Jeffrey! please say me,when are you in Europe. 
Sent from my iPad 
On 2012.03.04, at 20:08, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationegmail.com> wrote: 
come visit 
On Sun, Mar 4, 2012 at 11:32 AM, 
wrote: 
Part of you is always on me:) Miss you very much! 
Sent from my iPad 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518909 
EFTA02014287

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014288.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©g mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Wed 4/25/2012 5:47:36 PM 
Subject: what if also 
you could find a way to impregnate the "Gi Ni polyester" (giniester) with antimalarials - even if just a small 
gimmicky amount? If the early polyester fibers had the material already in it...certainly could be more valuable 
and add some cache! maybe more expensive to make but easier to sell? 
Military clothing: A uniform idea for protection <http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/Weefda098-
87ba-llel-ade2-00144feab49a.htmIttaxzzlsrfdWS9V>
By Sarah Murray 
Financial Times (FT Special Report : Combating Malaria) 
April 24, 2012 
The military is often responsible for innovations and this has certainly been the case 
with anti-malarial clothing impregnated with the insecticide permethrin. 
However, as the battle against malaria extends into new areas and the spectre of drug-
resistance looms, non-military uses for such clothing are being explored. 
Clothing treated with insecticide can repel insects, prevent biting and kill insects. 
Treating clothing involves similar processes to those used for impregnated bed nets, with 
fibres coated during the manufacturing process. 
"The big benefit of permethrin clothing is that it stops mosquitoes surviving to transmit 
disease," says Abraham Mnzava, co-ordinator for malaria vector control at the World Health 
Organization's global malaria programme. 
Reducing non-combat deaths has long been a challenge. In the first world war, there 
were almost 17,000 cases of malaria among US soldiers. 
In February, the Army Times reported cases of malaria among US troops in Afghanistan 
had reached their highest level in nine years. 
EFTA_R1_00516910 
EFTA02014288

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014289.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; David Mitchel, 
Cc: 
Jeffrey EpsteinueevacationOgmail.com]; Beni[ 
From: 
Peter Mandelson 
Sent: 
Fri 2/4/2011 11:26:56 PM 
Subject: Re: Silverstone 
David, thanks for these. I am travelling tomorrow to africa but will read with interest. I suggest 
we have a conference call on my return. Best, Peter 
Lord Mandelson 
Chairman 
Global Counsel 
t: 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device 
From: David Mitchell 
Date: Fri, 4 Feb 2011 22:29:30 +0000 
To: Peter Mandelson< 
Cc: 'Jeffrey Epstein'<jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Silverstone 
Dear Peter 
It was a pleasure to meet you again this morning at Jeffery's 
I had my office send you the Silverstone documents we spoke about . 
Once you have had a chnace to view them I would be very interested to hear your thoughts 
Please find below my contact information, 
In appreciation„ 
David 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
815 FIFTH AVENUE 
New York NY 10065 
USA 
EFTA_R1_00516911 
EFTA02014289

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014290.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationepgmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com(jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Fri 4/22/2011 1:10:42 PM 
Subject 
Re: TFF 
Title: Re: TFF 
At Tribeca Grill waiting to hear liarvey Weinstein speak...what devotion to my work... 
Will email hot events after this...will ask my friends here what's hot tonight. 
I am going to Dr. Ilan Bohm at 2:00pm. Really want you to meet him...want to come to 635 Madison 59/60 and meet me 
there? Or talk to him at a later time....he has a group of doctors he is working with that he wants to talk to you about. 
Also- only a friend would tell you...your skin looked too dry last night. You need to put moisterizer on it and or get 
hydrating facials. You looked very handsome...but would like a little glow to the skin... 
More soon- p 
— Original Message —
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Fri Apr 22 09:04:13 2011 
Subject: 
anything tonight?? film party etc. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential. may be attorney-client privileged. may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return &mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518912 
EFTA02014290

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014291.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Gary Siegal[S] 
Cc: 
Philip 
Philip Michaels 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent: 
Wed 11/28/2012 11:29:43 PM 
Subject: Re: Tax Returns 
Thank you. 
Peggy Siegal Company 
Office 
Mobil 
From: 
Date: Wcd, 28 Nov 2012 18:12:14 -0500 (EST) 
To: upppoissimieum 
Subject: Re: Tax Returns 
Dear Peggy, 
I understand that you called my attorney's office yesterday, but did not speak with him. Regardless, I have 
requested that Sy Bressler forward you copies of the Estate tax returns. 
As you are aware of from my October 11 to you, " This week we filled form #1041-U.S  Income Tax return for 
Estates and Trusts, and form #1040-U.S.. Individual income Tax Return, for 2011", I have done my best to keep 
you informed about the Estate. 
Gary 
Gary Siegal 
Satco Products, Inc. 
Phone 
Fax 
Mobile 
www.satco.com 
www.nuvoliohfing.com 
www.kolourone.com 
In a message dated 11/28/2012 12:45:52 P.M. Eastern Standard Time, 
writes: 
Dear Gary: 
I understand from your attorney, that all the tax returns have been completed. Can you send copies 
immediately. 
Thank you again for your attention. It is greatly appreciated. 
Peggy 
Peggy Siegal Company 
Office-
Mobil 
EFTA_R1_00516913 
EFTA02014291

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014292.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Sat 2/26/2011 11:59:16 PM 
Subject: Gil apu 
Jeffrey, 
Are we still on schedule for Long Beach on Tuesday? 
item 1- I'm having APU starting issues again,. Larry M and I suspect the Load stat on APU, different than 
the speed switch we originally changed, it appears to only acts up at high altitude airports since its been working 
normal,.. I will have new part waiting at Long Beach, „Large Gulfstream service center there, same size as 
Savannah,.. 
item 2- the R/H main boost pump circuit breaker popped en route today,. this is the same side as we changed 
the pump only 9 hours ago on Feb 9th,.. when we landed, I reset the breaker, and worked normal,. Fuel tank 
temperature was normal during the flight, I originally suspected fuel freezing, which is a common problem at 
altitude for cold soaking, however, we where only 2+12min into the flight, for this reason, we are not able to shut 
off a pump in flight, when fuel tank temperature is below 0,. the pump does not have enough torque to re-start,. 
Larry M and I suspect weak circuit breaker, since we changed the pump due to a failure/short circuit, this may 
have weaken the CB, (I have heard of this happening, but far fetch fix),. I plan to change the Pump at Long 
Beach and install new Circuit breaker,. not much to the system, the Breaker is a 50amp, so its a big one,. the 
pump is warranty, so its easy ,. 
The Left boost pump that gave me problems this morning is fine,. 
I plan to start APU tomorrow at ABC, and my backup plan is Air cart for start, to get us to Long Beach and the 
Gulfstream service center,. 
I will keep you updated,. 
thx 
Larry 
EFTA_R1_00516914 
EFTA02014292

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014293.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
Sun. 8 Jul 2012 13:34:26 
To: 
Subject: 
EFTA_R1_00516915 
EFTA02014293

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014294.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
Subject: Re: is this accurate 
From: 
EFTA_R1_00516916 
EFTA02014294

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014295.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Guests 
To: 
"Jeff E stein* <eevacation@gmail.com> 
From: 
Received: 
Sun, 31 Mar 2013 01:35:25 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00516917 
EFTA02014295

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014296.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > 
Received: 
Sat 20 Oct 2012 19:41:56 
To: 
EFTA_R1_00516918 
EFTA02014296

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014297.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
=20 
From: 
Jeffre E stein <'eevacation 
To: 
• 
> 
EFTA_R1_00516919 
EFTA02014297

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014298.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation©gmaitcom[jeeyacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 10/19/2012 12:19:10 PM 
Subject Re: 
Hi Jeffrey! Im sorry but i dont think next week will work for me. Its been so crazy lately for me. 
First of all i dont know who i would bring. And there r other problems. 
gonna see my doc asap when im back. 
Also my schedule keeps changeffte,M.y ay. 
ont 
even know when im gonna be back yet. Its good tho that im working. But yesterday i was in 
Munich. Shot there for 2 weeks and on wed we shot outside w super strong flash. 
Show 
im in london till tmrw night. Then back to munih for a day. Then Barcelona and 
Sicily. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 19, 2012, at 11:33 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lets try to have you bring your friend that woudl be intersted in learning about 
money next week 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510920 
EFTA02014298

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014299.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmaitcompeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Mark Lloyd 
Sent 
Thur 10/11/2012 10:58:51 AM 
Subject Re: 
Thank you! 
On 11 Oct 2012, at 12:58, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
foch 2512 apt 2 DD 
On Thu, Oct 11, 2012 at 12:56 PM, Mark Lloyd ‹
> wrote: 
Address please and door code? 
On 11 Oct 2012, at 12:55, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
yes , of course. 
On Thu, Oct 11, 2012 at 12:44 PM, Mark Lloyd < 
wrote: 
Good afternoon Jeffrey! We arrive in Paris shortly on the Eurostar 
and if we may drop off our suitcases en route to a late lunch 
appointment at 2:30. We then will return, if convenient, around 
4:30pm. Can I take you out for dinner? If so do you have any 
preferences where you would like to go. We are much looking 
forward to seeing you. 
As ever, 
Mark 
On 9 Oct 2012, at 13:53, Jeffrey Epstein leevacationlagmaiLcom> wrote: 
of course 
On Tue, Oct 9, 2012 at 6:45 AM, Mark LLOYD <
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Much looking forward to dinner on 
Thursday. Is there any chance we 
could stay with you? No problem if 
this is not possible, I will book a hotel 
EFTA_R1_00518921 
EFTA02014299
--- PAGE 2 ---
nearby. 
As ever, 
Mark 
---Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacati )(1(6)qmail.com> 
To: Mark Lloyd 
Sent: Tue, 2 Oct 2012 17:30 
Subject: Re: 
dinner, better. lars and any pretty things for me are always welcome 
On Tue, Oct 2, 2012 at 12:00 PM, Mark Lloyd 
wrote: 
How is the 11th? For lunch or dinner in Paris? Maybe I 
could bring Lars? 
On 30 Sep 2012, at 20:51, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation©omail.com> wrote: 
i am in need of a new female asst, sarah is 
now traveling with her boy 
On Sun, Sep 30, 2012 at 3:22 PM, Mark Lloyd 
wrote: 
That's great, perhaps I can take the 
Eurostar over one day for lunch with you? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 30 Sep 2012, at 18:50, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i will be in paris from the 9th 
you? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@cimail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA_R1_00516922 
EFTA02014300
--- PAGE 3 ---
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
**•1111111*** 
*FM 
************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retum e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@omail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
etsianettheistritnitiinhhhhIntihnethhcs*********Ihhttnenem****** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retum e-mail or by e-mail to teevacationagmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to kevacation@gmaitcom, and 
EFTA_R1_00516923 
EFTA02014301
--- PAGE 4 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to kevacation@amail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.corn, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516924 
EFTA02014302

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014303.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacationetgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Annabelle Neilson 
Sent 
Sat 1/22/2011 11:52:35 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Quantify talent! He's good. 
Sent using BlackBerry® from Orange 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 23 Jan 2011 00:04:10 +0100 
To: annabelleneilson 
Subject: 
giles deacon„ now with ungaro. --reputation.. does he have any talent? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmai I com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00510926 
EFTA02014303

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014304.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jefffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Fri 5/13/2011 12:31:05 PM 
Subject: Re: Fwd: Introduction 
Great. I will put the date Michael is in NY in the calendar and put his email address in directory 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 13 Ma 2011 05:23:01 +0200 
To: Lesley 
Subject: Fwd: Introduction 
Sent from my iPad 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: May 13, 2011 12:34:46 AM GMT+02:00 
To: Boris Nikolic ‹
> 
Cc: Jeffrey E stein <eevacati n 
mail.c m>, 
Subject: RE: Introduction 
Dear all, 
Well, one should never disobey a lady, and so may I express my interest in the get-together that 
suggested? 
I am indeed in NY until next Thursday, but it's probably short notice for all of us — plus my head is so full 
of relocation logistics that I won't be much good on real topics! My next visit is June 9-14, and I 
will then be in NY for good after July 3. 
Boris, I agree with you (as usual) on the Innovative Financing issue... and happy to lend a hand where 
appropriate/helpful. I understand that some consultants might already be on it... beating those 
around is a favourite pastime of mine (I can say this, having been one myself many years 
back). 
All the best, and looking forward to connecting — 
Michael 
EFTA_R1_00516927 
EFTA02014304
--- PAGE 2 ---
From. 
Bons Nikolic 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <lcevpcnton pamoll corn> 
Oats: 
10/05/2011 18:34 
Subject: 
RE: Introduction 
Hi Michael, 
So sorry that I missed WEF meeting last week. It would be fun to hang out. 
Glad that you met M. 
a very close friend and our new YGL. I knew that you two would click well. 
Terrific that 
also made an introduction to Jeffrey. We should meet sometime soon (I think you will be 
spending significant time in NYC). 
You might want to think organizing a session on Innovative Financing mechanisms in Davos 2012. 
This is something we have been thinking a lot. And as you know Bill is preparing a report for G20 meeting later 
in year. 
Let's talk soon in more details, 
Again — sorry that I missed last week! 
All the best 
Boris 
From: 
Sen 
To: 
Subject: Introduction 
Hello to the three of you. 
AM 
Boris Nikolic; Jeffrey Epstein 
Michael is a YGL and I spent some time with him in Cape Town and London — transitioning from Barclay to WEF 
very soon. 
I am constructing my very own Venn diagram between you guys....) think the overlap space has potential. 
EFTA_R1_00516928 
EFTA02014305
--- PAGE 3 ---
There is perhaps quite a lot for you to discuss relative to the ideas around innovative finance and Lord knows, 
probably math and physics too. 
Not sure of everyone's travel plans but I recall that Michael may be in NYC next week. 
I've mentioned this introduction to each of your separately but figured that a formal linkage was the best next 
step. 
Email 
Skype 
S 
Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail 
EFTA_R1_00516929 
EFTA02014306

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014307.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationtagmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
brice gordon 
Sent: 
Wed 4/11/2012 2:14:50 PM 
Subject: Parrots 
parrots at SP arc up 
Brice Gordon 
Little Saint James 
USVI 
EFTA_R1_00516930 
EFTA02014307

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014308.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014308.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
brice gordon 
Sent 
Fri 2/3/2012 7:38:54 PM 
Subject: Saturday Crew 
peter, jules and small crew for Saturday? 
Brice Gordon 
Little Saint James 
USVI 
EFTA_R1_00516931 
EFTA02014308

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014309.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeeyacationagmaitcorn[jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Peter Mendelson 
Sent 
Sun 10/2/2011 11:05:14 AM 
Subject: Re: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Sunday, October 02, 2011 11:53 AM 
To: Peter Mendelson 
Subject: Re: 
number 
On Sat, Oct 1, 2011 at 3:54 PM, Peter Mandelson <
1==M> 
wrote: 
Lovely. I can hardly bear to leave it. On cell. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein Imailto:jeevacationggatail.coml 
Sent: Saturday, October 01, 2011 09:40 AM 
To: Peter Mandelson BT 
Subject: 
how is the hosuc? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA_R1_00516934 
EFTA02014309
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516935 
EFTA02014310

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014311.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > Date: Sat, 12 Jun 2010 06:14:49 -0400 To: < 
p Subject: Re: that is pb, you always call the cell-. 
anyway,. i 
will be back on thurs. On Fri, Jun 11, 2010 at 10:50 PM, < kaktus_roza©hotmail.com > wrote: 
I called this number! And I emailed u 3 times! I never been in your NY house! I don't know 
where to go! 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < 
jeevacation@gmail.com > 
Date: Fri, 11 Jun 2010 22:33:51 -0400 To: < 
> Subject: 
Re: 
EFTA R1_00516936 
EFTA02014311

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014312.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Catalina Nastovici < 
To: 
Patrick 
Ammiano < 
: Denise Vitiello 
>: Robert Lowe < 
; 
n < 
>; Nicole Yin 
Catalina Nastovici 
Cc: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: 
Mon Dec 13 16:54:36 2010 
Subject: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein—use of the MONYC poll 
EFTA_R1_00510937 
EFTA02014312

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014313.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Je vacation[jeevacation@gmaitcom] 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 1/19/ 01 10:55:41 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Ok, 
Also, I received this text message from Carol: 
Welcome to the Rock. jE said I could leave Stt with u guy in this plane on jan 24 did he tell u? 
Make sure because I have to take my H and K duty gun with me and will that make a problem 
for him in west. Palm ? Cm 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu. 19 Jan 2012 04:07:37 -0400 
To: lvjet 
Subject: 
have caraol montgomery get peromssion to fly with us on tues from her supervisors 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516938 
EFTA02014313

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014314.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein beeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Elen capri 
Sent: 
Fri 4/20/2012 2:02:28 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I go on tuesday 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA_R1_00516939 
EFTA02014314

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014315.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014315.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
To: 
"Jeffrey" <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
From: 
Received: 
Wed, 24 Oct 2012 22:01:28 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00516940 
EFTA02014315

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014316.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014316.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Dawn West 
From: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_00516941 
EFTA02014316

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014317.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
Thur 4/21/2011 6:20:10 PM 
Where should I meet you, we are meeting 
at the met at 4 
EFTA_R1_00516942 
EFTA02014317

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014318.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Nicole Junkermann 
Sent 
Mon 12/3/2012 3:20:28 PM 
Subject: RE: 
a call? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.corn] 
Sent: Saturday, December 01, 2012 10:13 PM 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
Subject: 
Im In pads you? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-diets privileged, may 
constitute Inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to leeY.05.atiOritTSMakCOM, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attadiments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516943 
EFTA02014318

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014319.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014319.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.comueevacation©gmail.cont Je vacation[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Sat 3/19/2011 9:55:56 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Jeffrey, 
It appears our best deal is the Hawker 900: $20,040 plane is located in Aspen, as of last night. not 
sure if it has departed. 
The Broker is traveling from 5am till noon eastern time, if you want to book the Hawker 900 
Hcrc arc other quotes: I can send the attachments if you like? 
Attached is a quote on a Lear 55 $24,094 available on 03/20. 
Attached is a quote on a G-III which is available on Saturday. $34,199 
Attached is a quote on a Hawker 800A available for Sunday. $25,707 all taxes and fees have been 
included. 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 19 Mar 2011 02:26:00 -0600 
To: Ivjet
Subject: 
lets find a plane to ny today thanks, 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ices acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516944 
EFTA02014319

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014320.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
285405 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Anastasiya Kopets 
Thur 7/21/2011 7:35:41 AM 
2118400913271 1043190655 2455653 6684976 n.jpq 
267855 2118401353282 1043190655 2455655 6484251 n.jpq 
?69625 2118401833294 1043190655 2455657 5924860 n.inq 
281205 2118402193303 1043190655 2455659 2831519 n.jog 
281215 2118401073275 1043190655 2455654 5976487 njpq 
281855 2118400473260 1043190655 2455652 1667007 n.ioq 
282575 2118401633289 1043190655 2455656 3117162 n.jpq 
284390 2118400193253 1043190655 2455651 5267242 n.ioq 
284915 2118399993248 1043190655 2455650 2038111 n.ioq 
almost 4 am, I cant sleep because i want to bathroom and restroom, but my roommaite is there! 
Teerible. So, you can laught =) 
phptps frpm my last shoot. 
EFTA_R1_00516945 
EFTA02014320

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014321.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014321.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA_R1_00516948 
EFTA02014321

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014322.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014322.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA_R1_00516950 
EFTA02014322

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014323.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA R1 00518952 
EFTA02014323

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014324.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014324.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmaii.com] 
From: 
ion nicola 
Sent: 
Mon 12/13/2010 1:16:55 AM 
Subject: RE: 
ok. i will do that. 
Date: Sun, 12 Dec 2010 19:54:34 -0500 
Subject: Re: 
From: *cevacation 
ail.com 
To. 
CC: 
very light pastel see through blue„ thanks, have emad take picture as soon as one wall is complete 
On Sun, Dec 12, 2010 at 7:51 PM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
hi jeffity, 
..my girlfriend got here today so tomorrow we are going to start the white venetian 
plaster in master bedroom. 
it is good that she came because i might need an assistant for the cabana no l (the walls 
are higher then the other two cabanas so it might nccd two people to manage the 
painting) and in the same time i have someone to talk to.. 
the color for cabana no I is going to be blue. i hope I'm not wrong. 
thank you, 
ion 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jgc‘ acationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA_R1_00516955 
EFTA02014324
--- PAGE 2 ---
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_00516956 
EFTA02014325

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014326.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
• 
aitconteevacationagmail.comj: Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 8/15/2011 6:13:32 PM 
Subject Fwd: 
Forwarded messa e 
From: 
Date: Mon, Aug 15, 2011 at 7:32 PM 
Sub'ect: Re: 
To: 
Just arrived in madrid! Would u plz t 
m us number 
or 
Room 165 at westin palace hotel 4 
I m flying to moscow tmw, need to spend a few days with parents and then I would love to come 
to paris to see you guys!!! I miss you all so so so much! 
------Ori 
al Messa e 
From: 
To: me 
Subject: 
Sent: Aug 15, 2011 6:37 PM 
Call us baby 
Sent from my iPhone 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFT&R1_00516957 
EFTA02014326

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014327.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014327.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
LVJET[Ivjet©aol corn] 
Cc: 
Nikki King 
From: 
Kevin Perdomo 
Subject: Pictures of Seats 
Larry, 
Joel Cervantes 
EFTA_R1_00516958 
EFTA02014327

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014328.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeeyacation@gmail.com > 
To: 
junkermann 
Sent: 
Tue Dec 15 07:22:46 2009 
EFTA_R1_00516960 
EFTA02014328

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014329.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacationellgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Tancredi Marchiolo 
Sent 
Fri 10/19/2012 10:17:52 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Think i can invite him to an art show next tuesday or inopportune??...
****************************************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It 
is the property of Bremner Capital Management. 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us 
immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to tmarchiolo@bremnercapital.com, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
On 19 Oct 2012, at 10:44, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacationegmail.com> wrote: 
yes, his name is jabor 
On Fri, Oct 19, 2012 at 11:42 AM, Tancredi Marchiolo 
wrote: 
Forgot to ask u yest, Is the qatar guy you mentioned london-based? 
************************************************************************ 
************* 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of 
the addressee. It is the property of Bremner Capital Management. 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is 
strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication 
in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
tmarchiolo@bremnercapital.com, and destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
On 19 Oct 2012, at 10:40, "Tancredi Marchiolo" <a> 
wrote: 
End of november. 
******************************************************************* 
****************** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-
EFTA_R1_00516961 
EFTA02014329
--- PAGE 2 ---
client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended 
only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Bremner 
Capital Management. 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any pan thereof 
is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail 
or by e-mail to tmarchioloabremnercapital.com and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved 
On 19 Oct 2012, at 03:59, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
when is that? I will pick up all costs send me her 
contact details? 
On Fri, Oct 19, 2012 at 4:14 AM, Tancredi Marchiolo 
wrote: 
Ran out of battery, sry. Great seeing you. YES .111 
arrange for her to come to NY once she finishes Ubs. 
***************************************** 
*********************** 
* ****** * ************
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be 
attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the 
addressee. It is the property of Bremner Capital 
Management. 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part 
thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If 
you have received this communication in error, please 
notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
tmarchioloabremnercapital.com, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all 
attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
On 18 Oct 2012, at 19:30, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacationegmailsom>
wrote: 
what do you thik about viaiva being my 
asst. 
the job we orginally thought of for 
davina/? i do not want to interfere. 
your frinedhsip is paramount. 
EFTA_R1_00518982 
EFTA02014330
--- PAGE 3 ---
4. 4, 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@smail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
******* 
****** ************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacati n 
mail.cam, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_00516963 
EFTA02014331
--- PAGE 4 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to ice\ acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516964 
EFTA02014332

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014333.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014333.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Cc: 
Jernail 'eevacahon 
maiLconi] 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject 
Re: Fwd: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
Thur 5/17/2012 7:12:41 AM 
Hi David, 
Nice too meet you. 
Thank you for your email. 
I can't join you at that time, I work till 6-7 PM, even on Friday...so I can come 
after 6, or Saturday morning. 
Many thanks, 
Original Message 
From: 
To: 
ReplyTo: 
Subject: Fwd: 
Sent: 17 May 2012 07:28 
Hi, 
Can you join me on the 14:01 Eurostar London 
Paris? 
David 
Sent from my BlackBerry0 wireless device 
EFTA_R1_00516970 
EFTA02014333

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014334.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
PMW Bulletin <pmw©palwatch.ccsend.com> on behalf of PMW Bulletin 
<pmw@palwatch.org> 
Sent: 
Thur 4/11/2013 9:23:33 AM 
Subject: 
Facebook allows Palestinian promotion of hate speech but prevents PMW from exposing it. 
Bulletin 
April 11, 2013 
Facebook allows 
Palestinian promotion of hate speech 
but prevents PMW from exposing it 
by Itamar Marcus and Nan Jacques Zilberdik 
V 
N;Following Palestinian Media Watch's bulletin 
exposing the PA TV broadcast of a girl reciting a poem referring to Jews as 
"enemies of Allah, descendants of pigs," Facebook, like YouTube, decided to 
remove PMW's post. 
Facebook: "We removed the following content you posted or were the 
admin of because it violates Facebook's Statement of Rights and 
Responsibilities." 
EFTA_R1_00516972 
EFTA02014334
--- PAGE 2 ---
Facebook's Statement of Rights and Responsibilities stipulates that "you will not 
post content that is hate speech" or "incites violence." 
While Facebook is preventing PMW's exposure of the PA's hate speech, 
Facebook's policy has not been applied to the explicit terror promotion and terror 
glorification by Fatah on Facebook, which PMW has documented, all of which 
were posted by Fatah's Facebook page administrator: 
LV
.-.
.Fatah in Lebanon encouraged violence and 
terrorism by posting a picture of a mother dressing her young son with a suicide 
belt. The picture was accompanied by an imaginary conversation between the 
son who is being sent to his death and the mother encouraging it. "Why me and 
not you?" the child innocently asks his mother, who answers that she will 
continue to have more children "for the sake of Palestine." This terror promotion 
and glorification still appears on Fatah Lebanon's Facebook page. 
',.Fatah glorified two suicide terrorists who 
killed 7 Israelis, referring to them as "the Bride of Palestine" and "our hero" 
respectively. These two suicide bombers are still honored on Fatah's Facebook 
EFTA_R1_00516973 
EFTA02014335
--- PAGE 3 ---
page. 
Fatah paid tribute to suicide bomber Wafa Idris who killed 1 and injured over a 
hundred Israelis during her attack in Jerusalem in January 2002. Part of the text 
about the terrorist read: 
"The hero whose name the Zionists will remember well and so will 
Palestinians; the hero who sacrificed herself and her body for Palestine 
and became a symbol of the struggle and of Palestinian loyalty through 
one of the most honorable Martyrdom-seeking operations." 
Suicide bomber Idris is still glorified on Fatah's Facebook page. 
Fatah posted a picture of terrorist Dalai Mughrabi and a poem honoring her. 
Mughrabi was responsible for the most lethal terror attack in Israel's history 
when she led a group of terrorists who hijacked a bus and killed 12 children and 
adults. Part of the poem read: 
"This is Dalai, my eternal love... Dalai is my mysterious young woman, my 
revolutionary Jihadi inspiration. I loved her but knew only her name, Dalai 
Mughrabi." 
Terrorist Mughrabi is still praised on Fatah's Facebook page. 
Fatah glorified violence and terror as acts of heroism and depicted a world 
without Israel. It posted pictures of automatic rifles and slogans venerating arms. 
In some pictures, young children were carrying rifles. These posts still appear on 
this Fatah Facebook page. 
Note: Following pressure, YouTube decided to put back PMW's video of the 
hate poem. 
Fatah's Facebook page - https://www.facebook.com/fatehal3sfh 
EFTA_R1_00516974 
EFTA02014336
--- PAGE 4 ---
This research was made possible by the support of readers like you. 
Donate to PMW now. 
VISIT PMW VIDEO ARCHIVES 
Shahada (Death for Allah) promotion Holocaust denial and distortion 
Success of Shahada promotion 
Glorifying terrorists and terror 
Promoting violence &terror 
Oemonization 
Conspiracy libels 
Israel's right to exist denied 
Jewish history rewritten 
Objective: Israel's destruction 
p:+972 2 625 4140 
e: pmw@palwatch.org 
f: +972 2 624 2803 
w: www. alwatch.org
forward email 
EFTA_R1_00516975 
EFTA02014337
--- PAGE 5 ---
This email was sent to )eevacation4gmail.com by pmwgioalwatch.o.-0 
Instant removal with Safetinsvhscribem 
Privacy Policy. 
PMW 
Palestinian Media Watch 
Jerusalem Israel 
EFTA_R1_00516976 
EFTA02014338

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014339.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jefffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 9/12/2011 5:30:01 PM 
Subject: Heidi Holterbosch 
Please call Heidi Holterbosch on her cell...she is getting on a plane in 30 
minutes 
EFTA_R1_00516977 
EFTA02014339

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014340.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: Re: called great On Wed, Sep 8, 2010 at 2:49 PM, < 
phone tag! 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00516979 
EFTA02014340

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014341.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmaitcom[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Fran: 
Ian Osborne 
Sent 
Mon 3/26/2012 3:56:25 PM 
Subject Re: 
Yup. He just signed today - makes him officially worth $38 billion. Not bad. 
On Mar 26, 2012 11:45 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
http://wwvv.businessweek.com/news/2012-03-26/batista-s-ebx-to-get-2-billion-investment-
from-mubadala 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00516980 
EFTA02014341

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014342.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeevacation [mailto: jeevacation@gmail.com I 
Sent: 
Frid
ay  November 12, 2010 8:27 AM 
To: 
Subject: Re: Today question 
EFTA_R1_00516981 
EFTA02014342

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014343.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmail.comueevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Gmax 
Sent 
Fri 3/18/2011 1:57:35 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Title: Re: 
Please have him send me asap 102 case. 
Dix 
— Original Message —
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Gmax 
Sent: Fri Mar 18 09:52:22 2011 
Subject: Re: 
she did not have one„ did damn send you the 102 case 
On Fri, Mar 18, 2011 at 6:10 AM, Gmax <I
rr>. wrote: 
Can I have VR deposition please ASAP 
lluc 
The infonnation contained in this communication is 
confidential. may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use. disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jmvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518983 
EFTA02014343

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014344.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014344.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationQgmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]: jeffrey epstein 
(jeeyacation@gmail.com)[jeffrey epstein (jeeyacation@gmail.com)); 
jeevacation@gmail.coreeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: 
Fri 4/12/2013 10:06:43 PM 
Subject: 
Phaidon 
imo-412173234-0001.0df 
Jeffrey, See Phaidon org structure attached. 
Mechanics of the purchase were as follows: 
PLB LLC was funded with $54mil from the Black Family 1997 Trust, S3mi1 from the 
Black Family 1997 GST Exempt Trust, and $10mi1 from the LDB 2011 LLC. JMWT LLC 
was funded with $67,000 from Leon. These provided funding for the JMWT 
Acquisition LLP. Bidco (JMWT Ltd) purchased the shares of Phaidon Press Ltd. The 
acquisition purchase price paid from JMWT Ltd (through client account at 
Macfarlanes) was £41,000,000 + .005 stamp tax ($67mi1}. 
In between, 2/3 of the funds were booked into the Topco as equity and 1/3 into 
the Midco as debt. From a US perspective the funds into JMWT Ltd were treated as 
an equity contribution. This debt is just between the topco and the midco and was 
established for UK interest deductibility purposes and be converted to equity if 
we choose. Great care was taken to avoid creating phantom income. 
Profit or loss at Phaidon Press level has no impact for us until we choose to 
issue a dividend. The one issue I believe you will need to consider if Phaidon 
was to purchase are relates to the US tax aspects of subpart F income and whether 
Phaidon owning art (or eventually selling it at a gain) would create that type of 
income. I believe it might. 
As I mentioned this morn, I have a call on Monday morning set with the tax guy at 
PWC-you are welcome to join-he is flexible re what time. 
Best, E. 
Original Message 
From: NY73011XRX_COPYROOM [mailto:NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM@apollolp.com] 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Sent: Friday, April 12, 2013 5:33 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox 
Color. 
Number of Images: 1 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit 
http://www.xerox.com/ 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
EFTA_R1_00516984 
EFTA02014344
--- PAGE 2 ---
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA_R1_00516985 
EFTA02014345

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014346.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014346.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitconteevacation©gmail.comj: usa Jeffrey 
epsteinijeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
S A 
Sent 
Fri 10/26/2012 2:59:41 PM 
Hell. Happy eed greetings sir 
Am very great MI for your great. Good Efforts and appreciate it very much 
Hope one day we reach the intended goal 
Sincerely shaher 
Sent from my iPad 
EFTA_R1_00516988 
EFTA02014346

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014347.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation&mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
jeanluc 
Sent: 
Sun 3/13/2011 10:50:13 PM 
Subject: IMG00325-20110314-0049.jpg 
IMG00325-20110314-0049.log 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA_R1_00516989 
EFTA02014347

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014348.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA_R1_00516990 
EFTA02014348

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014349.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeevacation 
Subject Re: 
Anytime you want 
EFTA_R1_00516992 
EFTA02014349

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014350.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeNmail.comjjeeyacation©gmail.cont Jeffrey Epstein 
Cgjeeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 5/15/2012 2:17:44 PM 
Subject: Heidi Holterbosch 
Please call Heidi Holterbosch 
EFTA_R1_00516993 
EFTA02014350

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014351.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Cc: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Re: 
Thur 12/8/2011 11:24:22 PM 
cation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
Is there anywhere in particular you like your smoked salmon from? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 8 Dec 2011, at 18:12, Jeffrey Epstein <jcevacation 
mail.com> wrote: 
can you bring some smoked salmon from palm beach and maybe a key lime pie 
from joes. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00518994 
EFTA02014351

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014352.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcomueevacation©gmail.comj: jeffrey epsteinueevacationragmail.comj 
From: 
Marc Hauser 
Sent 
Thur 4/26/2012 9:31:15 AM 
Subject 
Re: games and investors 
terrific. 
m 
On Thu, Apr 26, 2012 at 1:35 AM, jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I will think about it 
Sent from my iPad 
On Apr 25, 2012, at 4:51 PM, Marc Hauser O> 
wrote: 
hey 
any feedback from your buddies in the gaming world? 
also, do you know of any VCs or angels that I might speak with about our 
company, vision, and software? 
thanks! 
-marc 
EFTA_R1_00516997 
EFTA02014352

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014353.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcom 
Subject: Re: 
To: 
"'effre e tein"<*eevacation@gmail.com> 
From: 
Received: 
Tue, 1 Feb 2011 19:47:26 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00516998 
EFTA02014353

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014354.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: Re: interesting moron On Sun, Aug 14, 2011 at 6:02 AM, < 
> wrote: 
of course she did! 
EFTA_R1_00517000 
EFTA02014354

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014355.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' v 
in 
mail.comUeevacation4gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Sat 2/5/2011 6:55:46 PM 
Subject Re: 
Left u a voicemail. Super PMSie lady here. Sorry about this morning. I'm at work and will be set 
to go tmrw. Can't wait to see the kitchen and all the finished rooms!! (sorry again, Pve been really 
moody for awhile.) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 5, 2011, at 7:53 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I think you should come to boston and then the island this week. go back to work 
next weekend the 13 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to kevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517001 
EFTA02014355

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014356.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeNmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Peter Norris 
Sent 
Tue 4/23/2013 10:55:16 AM 
Subject: RE: Financial system 
Great, thanks 
Peter Norris 
Virgin Group Holdings Limited 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: 22 April 2013 22:07 
To: Peter Norris 
Subject: Re: Financial system 
hi peter its jeffrey, anytime friday would be convenient. 
On Mon, Apr 22, 2013 at 10:30 AM, Peter Norris 
wrote: 
Hi Jerry, I'm following up on your chat with Richard about SDRs etc. Let me know when would 
suit you for a call. 
Best wishes, 
Peter Norris 
Virgin Group Holdings Limited 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA_R1_00517002 
EFTA02014356
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517003 
EFTA02014357

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014358.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: Re: what to do with you 
did ou s ell that correctly On Fri, Nov 12, 2010 at 3:29 PM, 
< 
> wrote: 
How's your cook in NY? 
EFTA_R1_00517004 
EFTA02014358

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014359.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
'
I/ 
in
mitcornueeyacation@gmail.com] Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn]; 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 6/6/2011 1:28:16 AM 
Subject: Gien Plates etc 
Found the parrot collection. It is called Cacao: 
http://www.gien.comThoutique index.php/nouveautes/cacao.html 
The nice blue Flowers are called Eden: 
http://www.gien.com/boutique/index.plip/nouveatiteskden.html 
They are on 13 Rue Jacob , open until 7pm Tues to Sat 
EFTA_R1_00517005 
EFTA02014359

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014360.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationagmaitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmaiLcorn] 
From: 
brice gordon 
Sent: 
Wed 4/11/2012 3:59:07 PM 
Subject: Proposed LSJ Structure 
LSJ 4-10 Structure 2.xlsx 
as requested 
Brice Gordon 
Little Saint James 
USVI 
EFTA_R1_00517006 
EFTA02014360

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014361.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcom[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Zorro Ranch 
Sent 
Wed 8/29/2012 12:55:34 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Cost 
Approx 5 miles of conduit and fiber 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 29, 2012, at 6:41 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacationG 
corn> wrote: 
another telephone supplier and solution, what about running fiber from d mark to 
main house. isn't that easier, 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to kevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517008 
EFTA02014361

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014362.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Peggy Siegal(©] 
From: 
Jeffrey epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] 
You can invite the director of the artist for sat night dinner-20 
EFTA_R1_00517009 
EFTA02014362

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014363.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcom[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey E[jeevacationQgmail.com] 
From: 
Yfke Sturm 
Sent 
Mon 9/17/2012 11:25:39 PM 
Are you in NY this weekend? 
EFTA_R1_00517010 
EFTA02014363

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014364.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014364.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Yfke 
From: 
Jeffr 
Sent: 
Sat 4/7/2012 11:40:02 PM 
Subject: Re: 
will be in Paris may 11-20 maybe amsterdam 
EFTA_R1_00517011 
EFTA02014364

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014365.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014365.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.compeevacation©gmail.cont Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
`Me 
Sent 
Tue 6/5/2012 5:49:08 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Was sleeping already 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 4, 2012, at 23:10, Jeffrey Epstein igeN'acat. ;on 
uma.. cam> wrote: 
skypc? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517012 
EFTA02014365

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014366.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014366.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Sent: 
Mor
ta
ll0,11
EFTA_R1_00517013 
EFTA02014366

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014367.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationtOgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Cecile de Jongh 
Sent: 
Fri 2/10/2012 5:06:21 PM 
Subject: Re: Fw: Synagogue Auction 
thx 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, and 
protected from disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that any dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
immediately and delete all copies. 
"Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." — 
Abraham Lincoln 
Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
To: Cecile de Jongh 
Sent: Friday, February 
Subject: Re: Fw: Synagogue Auction 
straight 
On Fri, Feb 10, 2012 at 11:12 AM, Cecile de Jongh <a 
wrote: 
Were you bidding for a dinner at Filippo's house? Was this just a straight 
donation? 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be 
privileged,confidential, and protected from disclosure. If you are not the intended 
EFTA_R1_00517014 
EFTA02014367
--- PAGE 2 ---
recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete all 
copies. 
"Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him 
power." — Abraham Lincoln 
-# Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail. 
Forwarded Message ----
From: "cassinelli66Oyahoo.com" <cassinelli66(ayahoo.com>
To: Cecile deJongh <ceciledejonqh@yahoo.com>
Sent: Friday, February 10, 2012 11:06 AM 
Subject: Synagogue Auction 
Hi Cecile, 
I'm totally awed by Mr Epstein's generous bid of S 10,000 dollars for the dinner at 
my house. I can't imagine that anyone will top that bid. 
Will you be there on Sunday? 
Thank you so much. 
Filippo 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_00517015 
EFTA02014368
--- PAGE 3 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to ice\ acationOgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517016 
EFTA02014369

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014370.pdf
----------------------------------------
Which piece? My mail continued conversation about "talking city" stream app-- in hopes of 
convincing you its worth talking about-- (Sent you a piece last wk about recursion as basis of 
medieval arch.) 
On Tue, Oct 11, 2011 at 8:07 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
give me link to your piece 
On Tue, Oct 11, 2011 at 8:01 AM, David Gelernter ct:
. wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00517017 
EFTA02014370

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014371.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcomueevacationgtgmail.com]; Epstein Jeftrey[jeevacation©gmaii corn] 
Fran: 
Sent 
Sat 2/4/2012 6:34:41 PM 
Subject Fwd: RSW 
Would you like me to give Richard sue or sarah's cell number? Or perhaps Set up a phone date 
for Monday morning? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Richard Saul Wurman <■ 
Date: February 4, 2012 1:08:09 PM EST 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: RSW 
JEFFREY SUGGESTED I CALL TODAY 
ON TRAIN TO RI 
SUGGEST AVAILABILITY 
ALSO IN OFFICE MON AND TUE 
MORNING 
MET MELANIE 
RSW 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00517018 
EFTA02014371

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014372.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeggmail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Eppeeyacation@gmail cam] 
From: 
Sent 
trill.M8:01 
PM 
Subject Re: 
In NY flying to miami this afternoon 
How are you?? 
Verstuurd met mile BlackBerry 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 24 Aug 2012 08:54:12 -0400 
To: <IIMPI 
Subject: 
news? 
********************** 
***** ****** ***** ********************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517019 
EFTA02014372

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014373.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
roger schank 
Sent 
Sun 7/15/2012 12:14:27 PM 
Subject Re: riyadh 
do I know how old your story was? 
On Jul 15, 2012, at 8:10 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
yes „ its different now grandpa 
On Sun, Jul 15, 2012 at 7:12 AM, roger schank C
 wrote: 
yesterday I was invited to give a speech there; is this ok to accept? (I remember 
your story about being alone in the hotel --my name isnt that obviously Jewish so 
maybe they dont know) 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecsacatioraginail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517020 
EFTA02014373

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014374.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014374.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeeyacation@gmail.com > 
To: 
Dana 
Sent: 
Fri Nov 13 09:24:11 2009 
EFTA_R1_00517021 
EFTA02014374

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014375.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
Cc: 
From: 
Sent 
Sat 11/19/2011 5:23:38 PM 
Subject: Re: Ion 
Doors Mud Room Arealpq 
Door to Shower Toilet Area.jpq 
Vanitv.ioq 
Good afternoon, 
Attached photos 
Door in Mud Room Area - paint white or color of walls, which is the lighter of the 2 shades? 
Door to Shower - do you wish to continue the color line across the door, or paint white? 
Vanity - leave white or continue color line using the darker shade? 
If you require more details please let me know 
Warmest regards 
On Sat, Nov 19, 2011 at 10:48 AM,M 
wrote: 
Will do 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St Thomas 
On Nov 19, 23 Heisei, at 10:56 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationagmail.com> wrote: 
send me a drawing or photo so there is no misunderstanding 
On Sat, Nov 19, 2011 at 9:08 AM,
 wrote: 
Reference painting in Relax bathroom do you want Ion to paint across the door 
areas with the 2 separate colors? 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St Thomas 
USVI 00802 
*********************************************************** 
EFTA_R1_00517022 
EFTA02014375
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
6100 Red Hook Quarters Suite B3 
St Thomas 
USVI 00802 
EFTA_R1_00517023 
EFTA02014376

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014377.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeeyacation@gmail.com > Date: Mon, 26 Oct 2009 09:43:54 -0400 To: < 
> Subject: Re: julia roberts 30 ears a o means nothing,„, only the past three 
years On Mon, Oct 26, 2009 at 10:52 AM, < 
> wrote: 
I will make the research 
today and get all the possible information from people I know in ny and la. I ye seen the list of NYCDA 
graduates (Julia roberts,matthew fox...),but need to do more research. Will do it today. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Mon, 26 Oct 2009 08:36:34 -0400 To: svetlana< 
Subject: 
EFTA_R1_00517027 
EFTA02014377

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014378.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationagmaitcompeevacationagmail.comi; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 2/8/2012 7:31:05 PM 
Subject 
Re: 
will do 
On Feb 8, 2012, at 2:30 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
sure „ iam in the office 
On Wed, Feb 8, 2012 at 2:28 PM, 
ok.:. would you like me to try now? 
On Feb 8, 2012, at 2:26 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I waoudl like to talk to chris andersson at ted. / 
-" wrote: 
***** 
****************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOgmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_00517028 
EFTA02014378
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517029 
EFTA02014379

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014380.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeggmail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 2/24/2012 4:59:48 AM 
Subject Re: 
I tried but looks too funny to send it 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation©gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2012 17:30:58 -0700 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
when you get back to your hotel 
On Thu, Feb 23, 2012 at 3:12 PM, 
wrote: 
I can't, there's people around. Check this for now, just got it 
https://files.me.com/ravidhar/s3vh83.mov 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Y Sturm 
Subject: 
Sent: Feb 23, 2012 2:00 PM 
Take photo in mirror massage pose please 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA_R1_00517030 
EFTA02014380
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517031 
EFTA02014381

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014382.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationtkimail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Marc Hauser 
Sent: 
Wed 4/25/2012 8:51:21 PM 
Subject: games and investors 
hey 
any feedback from your buddies in the gaming world? 
also, do you know of any VCs or angels that I might speak with about our company, 
vision, and software? 
thanks! 
-man 
EFTA_R1_00517032 
EFTA02014382

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014383.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation6gmail.con[jeevacationellgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Erika Kellerhals 
Sent 
Fri 4/20/2012 1:49:42 PM 
Subject 
Re: 
im on plane land in ny around 3 
will call you then 
On Fri, Apr 20, 2012 at 9:46 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <ice% acation@gmail.com> wrote: 
call if you get a chance 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to kevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
ERIKA A. KE1.1.17.R11.11 
KELLERHALSIFERGUSON 
Kalerhals haguson Li . 
A Full Service Law lint, 
9100 Havensight, Port of Sale 
Ste 15-16 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Notice: This communication may contain privileged or other confidential information. If you are not the intended 
recipient, or believe that you have received this communication in error, please do not print, copy, re-transmit, disseminate, 
EFTA_R1_00517033 
EFTA02014383
--- PAGE 2 ---
or otherwise use this information. Also, please indicate to the sender that you have received this e-mail in error, and delete 
the copy you received. Thank you. 
Circular 230: To ensure compliance with the requirements imposed by the IRS, we inform you that any tax advice contained 
in our communication (including any attachments) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding any tax penalty or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or 
matter addressed herein. 
EFTA_R1_00517034 
EFTA02014384

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014385.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaiteomBeevacation©gmail.comj: jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
Fran: 
Karina Shuliak 
Sent 
Fri 2/3/2012 4:57:08 PM 
Subject Re: 
I'm going to have my waxing appt now...aaaaah!! 
On Feb 3, 2012 4:38 AM, "jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
No tushy - bring butt plug 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhonc 
On Feb 2, 2012, at 11:23 PM, Karina Shuliak <kari.shulia(iiiernail.com> wrote: 
Good night! Please sleep well.. 
On Feb 2, 2012 7:42 PM, "Karina Shuliak" 
wrote: 
For crying!! 
On Feb 2, 2012 7:06 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacationagmail.com> wrote: 
for safe kissing? 
On Thu, Feb 2, 2012 at 8:05 PM, Karina Shuliak 
wrote: 
I hope you have enough tissues, I'm running out already.. 
On Feb 2, 2012 6:07 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation@gmailicom> wrote: 
crazy 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_00517035 
EFTA02014385
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeo acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jes% acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517036 
EFTA02014386

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014387.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent 
Thur 10/11/2012 2:39:10 PM 
Subject: Re: 
please let me know what time and i will have lesley set up 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
On Oct 11, 2012, at 10:21 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
lets have a conference call today„ issues„ zorro wells , phone, terraces. , 
tractor lights, boats, man lift, wind sock, any ohter purchases. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmaiI.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517046 
EFTA02014387

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014388.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Bella Klein 
Sent 
Wed 1/4/2012 9:11:21 PM 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
Did they give her a date for an interview? 
On Jan 4, 2012, at 4:08 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
this is the name of the person„ she has called for an interview 
------ Forwarded messa e 
------
From: Karina Shuliak 
Date: Wed, Jan 4, 2012 at 11:51 AM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com>
MP 
Date of birth: 
(in passport 
Place of birth: v. 
, Gluboksky district, Vitsebsk region, Belarus. 
Date of issue: June 8th 1999 ( in passport 08/06/1999) 
Date of expiry: January 31st 2013 (in passport 31/01/2013) 
Authority: Ministry of international affairs 
Issued by: Zavodskoc ROVD, Minsk, Belarus 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevaeation@gmail.eom and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517049 
EFTA02014388

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014389.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationepgmaitcomijeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Morits Skaugen 
Sent 
Tue 10/16/2012 1:20:43 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Jakarta! 
Best regards from Morits 
- sent from my iPhone - Sony for typo and brief reply due to this. 
Den 16. okt. 2012 Id. 15:10 skrcv "Jeffrey Epstein" icevacationOgmail 
arc you back? 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationagmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517051 
EFTA02014389

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014390.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'
I/ 
in 
mail.comueevacationagmail.comj: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
SF
1702011 12:31:07 AM 
Subject: 
confirmed 
flight is booked and she has confirmed that Sunday works well for her as she is working 
on Saturday. 
knows she is coming. She will arrive at I.55pm on Sunday. 
EFTA_R1_00517052 
EFTA02014390

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014391.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
"Jeffre " <'eevacation gmail.com> 
From: 
Received: 
012 15:34:05 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00517053 
EFTA02014391

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014392.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmaii.compeevacation@gmaii.comb Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sarah K. 
Sent 
Tue 4/5/2011 1:17:53 PM 
Subject: Re: 
He will be there at 9pm 
On Apr 5, 2011, at 2:25 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.corn> wrote: 
have the stereo guy come tonight after 9 if possible 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517054 
EFTA02014392

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014393.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.compeeyacation©gmail.comb 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Valerie Post 
Sent 
Thur 9/22/2011 5:03:50 PM 
Subject: Re: Fw: tomorrow 
Where have you been? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <Seevacation@gmaikom> 
To: Valerie Post 
Sent: Thu Sep 22 10:59:09 2011 
Subject: Re: Fw: tomorrow 
almost a year ago 
On Sun, Dec 5, 2010 at 11:33 PM, Valerie Post  
 wrote: 
Let me know if you are free at all tomorrow. 
From: Valerie Post 
To: leevacatIonCegmall.comi <jeevacation©omaikcom>
Sent: Fri Nov 26 10:15:41 2010 
Subject: Re: 
Ok, you? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationDomaikcom>
To: Valerie Post 
Sent: Fri Nov 26 10:05:04 2010 
Subject: 
ok? 
*** *********** 
**** 
******** 
********************************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA_R1_00517055 
EFTA02014393
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
This email has been scanned by the MessageLabs Email Security System. 
For more information please visit http 
winessagelabs.com 'email 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email has been scanned by the MessageLabs Email Security System. 
For more information please visit http://www.messagelabs.com/email 
This email has been scanned by the MessageLabs Email Security System. 
For more information please visit http://www.messagelabs.com/email 
EFTA_R1_00517056 
EFTA02014394

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014395.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Fran: 
Sent 
Subject Re: 
mail.comueevacation©gmail.comj: Jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
Sat 11/19/2011 2:43:51 PM 
Hcy Jeffrey! I'm on my way but walking I was waiting for the bus too long ... I won't be later 
them 10:20 is that ok? 
On Tuesday, November 15, 2011, 
c
> wrote: 
> Thank you very very much Jeffrey !! I hope you are back in NY soon! Xo 
> On Sunday, November 13, 2011, 
<
> wrote: 
>> Thank you Jeffrey! 
>> 
>> On Sunday, November 13, 2011, jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
>» Yes 
>» 
>>> Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
>>> 
>>> On Nov 13, 2011, at 3:40 PM, 
wrote: 
>» 
»» Hey
,
 jeffrey, 
>>>> 
I am starting training today at blue fin! I had to wait a wk to start for orientation. Would 
it be possible to borrow money ? I don't have Enough saved til my first pay check in 2 wks. And 
im so stressed, I'm trying to cater on the side but I won't have time with school too. I hope 
you're well and I see u soon... 
>» 
EFTA_R1_00517057 
EFTA02014395

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014396.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmaii.comneevaration@gmaiteemb Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmailcorn] 
From: 
Nate Sturm 
Sent 
Tue 9/18/2012 2:14:32 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Where are you? 
www.yfke.tv 
On Sep 17, 2012, at 9:58 PM, Jeffrey Epstein texacationggmail com> wrote: 
monday morning at 11? where are you now? 
On Mon, Sep 17, 2012 at 7:42 PM, <a. 
wrote: 
Ok, I leave either monday or tuesday evening 
Verstuurd met mijn BlackBerry 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail,com>
Date: Mon, 17 Sep 2012 17:31:35 -0600 
To: Yfke Sturm
Subject: Re: 
monday 
On Mon, Sep 17, 2012 at 5:25 PM, Yfke Stunn a 
wrote: 
Are you in NY this weekend? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to km acationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA_R1_00517058 
EFTA02014396
--- PAGE 2 ---
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517059 
EFTA02014397

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014398.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject Re: Interview tomorrow (Adam Bly's candidate) 
mail.comueevacation©gmail.comj: Jeffrey epsteinueevacationragmail.comj 
Wed 12/14/2011 10:36:29 PM 
He managed to confirm her for 2.30pm. I will put her on the schedule. Her name is 
On Wed, Dec 14, 2011 at 5:32 PM, Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Yes ok 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 14, 2011, at 5:31 PM, 
wrote: 
> Adam says he is 97% sure that the candidate - 
- will be able to come to the house 
tomorrow at 2pm for an interview. 
> Is this ok? You have Hind Alowais at 1pm and David Mitchell at 3pm 
> He will confirm with me shortly and will send you relevant material (resume etc) to read 
tonight. 
EFTA_R1_00517061 
EFTA02014398

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014399.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
ti •m 
mail.comb Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
Cc: 
Fran: 
Sent 
Thur 12/15/2011 2:58:09 PM 
Subject: Fwd: nanun: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: nili Priell <nilipr@O13net.net>
Subject: =strum: 
Date: December 15 2011 9.53.33 AM EST 
To: 
<sa 
hello 
we come to NY for 24 hours in which we have also a lunch out of town. so, if Jeffrey's 
timetable allows him a flexibility - can he come to the hotel at 3 p.m. on saturday? 
the hotel is helmsley on the 42nd st. 
best 
nili 
.17.13.rm 
retn: 1 two, -ani 14, 2011 20:16 
NII)12: 
Ehud Barak 
> Hi 
> Jeffrey wanted me to let you know that we are in NY. 
> Best 
EFTA_R1_00517062 
EFTA02014399

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014400.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com]; 
jeeyacationegmail.con[jseyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Staley, Jes 
Sent 
Fri 3/25/2011 1:12:14 AM 
Subject: Re: 
On the boat....peacefull. 
Will check on all this next week. 
Hope all is well. 
Jes 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <JeevaCation@gmail.com> 
To: Staley, Jes 
Sent: Thu Mar 24 07:26:17 2011 
Subject: 
take photos.. call if you get a chance. I will be back in ny 30-31 , cutler? shwartz? I m ready 
****************** 
***** ***** *********** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jecvacation@gmail com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers 
for the purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, 
confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available at 
http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA_R1_00517063 
EFTA02014400

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014401.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
ann rodriquez 
Sent: 
Fri 8/31/2012 8:11:14 PM 
Subject: FTC Message 
ley liossman, 
Please call: 
Mr. Kaplan 
Note: He s patiently waiting for your call. 
Ann R. 
EFTA_R1_00517064 
EFTA02014401

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014402.pdf
----------------------------------------
I hope you have a nice birthday tomorrow and spend it doing exactly what makes you happy. 
Let me know if there is something I can do to make it nicer. 
From: Jeffre E stein < eeyacatton gmail.com> 
To: 
Sent: Wednesday, January 18, 2012 6:52 PM 
Subject: Photo from Jan 18, 2012 
EFTA_R1_00517065 
EFTA02014402

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014403.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeeyacation@gmail.com > 
To: 
junkermann 
Sent: 
Sat Sep 19 14:40:52 2009 
EFTA_R1_00517066 
EFTA02014403

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014404.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject Tonight 
mail.comueevacationegmall.com): Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
Tue 1/10/2012 12:03:07 AM 
Ashley from Tom's office got a hold of Rich to say they were not coming and that Tom would 
contact you when Sheikh is able to make it. 
EFTA_R1_00517067 
EFTA02014404

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014405.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014405.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > 
Received: 
Sat, 17 Se 2011 20:30:49 
To: 
EFTA_R1_00517069 
EFTA02014405

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014406.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014406.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationtiNgmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Ed 
Sent: 
Wed 4/4/2012 12:50:54 PM 
Subject: 
re: 
Hi Jeff 
I think semen stains could be basis for settlement of civil suit. Here is 
how. They indicate Sofitel employees involved in a prostitution ring. The accor 
Group would not want this coming out in trial. So suit has to be sealed. This 
means it would contribute money to settlement. End of the suit 
EFTA_R1_00517070 
EFTA02014406

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014407.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationtisgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 12/30/2010 2:49:51 AM 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
First and foremost. I would like to say by the time you receive this email you 
re in the best of health. I have been a busy man this year, therefore it has limited my time in socializing, and 
keeping in touch. I have a break now im done with all required classes for union training, qualifying me 15 credits 
toward a asscoiate degree in Enviommental Control Technology. Pm pretty proud of myself for having 
accomplishing everything in such little time, but i am wom down lol, I need a break. lye decided on taking a 
break,registering myself in the fall semester in 2011. I need time to enjoy the snow,sun, and fresh air that life 
brings. I'm writing you today because we are nearing a new-year and I would like to be the first ones to welcome 
you a Happy New Year. I hope that the new-year brings more happiness and peace to you and your love ones. 
This Friday i m missing out on being united with the family and celebrating together, due to work. I work Friday 
and Saturday, so that's a bummer. I'm just happy to make it through to another year.yaaaaayyyaa. sorry had to 
let that out i guess that's the most excitement i would be expressing on the new-year loll. I know I haven't 
communicated lately due to being busy, but i have to run but just for now,and promise to keep in touch more 
often. I just want to really reiterate again that all is great for you in the new-year and i hope you enjoy!! 
from Phillip Diaz 
EFTA_R1_00517071 
EFTA02014407

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014408.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comijeevacationetgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent 
Thur 11/10/2011 12:32:39 AM 
Subject: RE: 
It has been crazy busy day. 
Now rushing for a dinner. 
Is it OK if we talk tmr? 
B 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, November 09, 2011 3:22 PM 
To: Boris Nikotic 
Subject: 
call if you get a chance . 
*************** 
****** ********** 
****** ********************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517072 
EFTA02014408

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014409.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014409.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: 
Yes 
Jeffrey 
Tue 5/8/2012 7:51:04 PM 
Re: 
EFTA_R1_00517073 
EFTA02014409

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014410.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
• 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
■ 
Sent 
Wed 4/6/2011 8:44:53 PM 
sorry i missed you, just wanted to say hi 
EFTA_R1_00517074 
EFTA02014410

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014411.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation©gmail.com]; Je vacation[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Cc: 
From: 
on ass 
Sent 
Fri 12/23/2011 5:52:06 PM 
Subject Boeing 727 
Jeffrey, 
I thought that it would be wise to go in steps. The attached only reflects a reduction on your part 
by 75K. I understand that you are willing to potentially offer another 75K. 
Let's see what their response is to this. 
Best Regards, 
Don Bass 
Dear Tarck, 
As you may know, I received an email from Mohammed on Wednesday regarding the Boeing. 
The C check inspection is currently underway and we arc anticipating completion of the 
inspection and the return to service of the aircraft on approximately February In. A 
contemporaneous pre-purchase inspection can still be accomplished from a timing standpoint. 
In the interest of reducing the total cost associated with your acquisition and refurbishment of the 
aircraft, I believe that you will be able to reduce the total cost of the improvements referenced 
previously on Exhibit A from 500K to 425K. Larry has pointed out that the installation of 
Satellite AFIS is redundant with the installation of High Speed Data in the aircraft. The same real 
time weather information will be available to the pilots via the broadband internet and thus the 
75K cost for Satellite AFIS is an unnecessary expense. 
EFTA_R1_00517075 
EFTA02014411
--- PAGE 2 ---
If I can convince the seller to reduce the price by 75K as well — this would reduce the total, 
completed purchase price of the aircraft by 150K and still provide you with an aircraft that has all 
of the capabilities and modifications that you and the Sheikh require. 
I am concerned that if we are unable to reach an agreement in the near future, the ability to 
complete the pre-purchase inspection in conjunction with the C inspection would be lost, resulting 
in increased cost and time for both parties. 
I feel that this is a reasonable and fair approach to resolving the differences between the parties. 
Yours Sincerely, 
Don Bass 
EFTA_R1_00517076 
EFTA02014412

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014413.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.comfjeeyacation©gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
Cc: 
From: 
Sarah K 
Sent 
Mon 12/6/2010 5:34:17 PM 
Jojo is asking if he can take the Bentley in for service tomorrow. The check 
engine and check battery light is on. 
EFTA_R1_00517078 
EFTA02014413

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014414.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein To: Felicia Taylor 
Sent: 
Oct 28, 2009 4:10 PM 
Subject: Re: Hey there.. Of course 
EFTA_R1_00517079 
EFTA02014414

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014415.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epstein [jeeyacation@grnail.corn] 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Sun 3/11/2012 8:50:21 PM 
Subject: Re: 
They are coming between 7 and 7 30 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
EFTA_R1_00517081 
EFTA02014415

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014416.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Sarah K. 
From: 
Jeevacation 
Sent: 
Mon 7/26/2010 11:00:07 AM 
Pinto? 
EFTA_R1_00517083 
EFTA02014416

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014417.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jetvacaUonegmacompeevacation/DgmftcomL 
Cc: 
JeffrowEpMeMfieevacation/DgmaWconA 
From: 
bellaklein 
Sent 
Fri 4/12/2013 5:45:06 PM 
Subject thaseVisastatementApril 11, 2013 
NES CVC 
statement 041113As 
Hi M, 
Attached your complete chase visa statement for April 2012. Please review details 
that I added per your receipts. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
EFTA_R1_00517084 
EFTA02014417

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014418.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationtamaitcom[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Cecile de Jongh 
Sent 
Mon 1/17/2011 6:00:52 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I spoke with Kenn and he said that you should speak directly with Hancock and if he is not 
agreeable then you should tell him you will do what you need to do (but not necessarily tell him 
your plan). Kenn also mentioned that Esso sells to VSOs (?) and their price is less. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 17, 2011, at 9:44 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what finally happened with als credit card.. ? do you think i should personally call 
michael hancock? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmai I com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517086 
EFTA02014418

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014419.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Zorro Ranch 
Sent 
Tue 9/18/2012 3:37:08 AM 
Subject Re: Re 
Will cancel bulldozer pickup that was scheduled for tomorrow 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 17, 2012, at 7:05 PM, Jeffrey Epstein texacationggmaif com> wrote: 
also i want steve to bulldoze some roads. to indian ruins 
On Mon, Sep 17, 2012 at 6:48 PM, Zorro Ranch 
> wrote: 
FYI 
Solar pen 26 th at ranch 
Will have roof samples mid morning for your review 
Meeting with roofer very informative 
Richard Boltz in am to layout fiber run 
Need to discuss a couple of landscape issues before you depart 
JBH in to install clay valve am 
Brice 
Sent from my iPhone 
************************************** 
********************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517087 
EFTA02014419

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014420.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
Fri, 20 Apr 2012 10:58:05=20 
To: 
Subject: 
=20 
EFTA_R1_00517088 
EFTA02014420

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014421.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.corn[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffres[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 4/8/2013 8:29:12 PM 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00517090 
EFTA02014421

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014422.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014422.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationekgmail.comUeevacation©gmail.cont Jeffreleevacationegmail.comj 
From: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Sent 
Tue 4/17/2012 10:34:11 PM 
Jeffrey, just want to ask what time are we leaving tomorrow? Should I bring my stuff with me 
tonight? 
EFTA_R1_00517092 
EFTA02014422

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014423.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014423.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyac i n 
mil 
m ' v 
tion©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; 
Cecile de Jongh[ 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 
Wed 8/29/2012 4:52:46 PM 
Subject: Fwd: inquiry 
Hi Jeffrey and Cecile, 
This is interesting. See below. 
On Tue, Aug 28, 2012 at 10:16 AM, Dan Parisi 
wrote: 
Dear Mr. Epstein--
My name is Dan Parisi, and I am senior associate director of foundation relations for 
the Alzheimer's Association. I read with great interest about your support for cutting 
edge science around the world. I would like to inquire respectfully as to whether you 
would be interested in supporting any of the neuroscience projects being advanced 
by the Alzheimer's Association. 
In particular I believe that you may be interested in the Global Alzheimer's Association 
Interactive Network (GAAIN), a project in which the Association and its partners are 
seeking to transform how huge quantities of digital neuroscience data are shared 
and accessed worldwide. For the first time, any scientist working to discover a cure 
for Alzheimer's will be able to access via the Internet a federated, cloud-based grid-
network of large and complex neuroscience data—including high-resolution, time-
varying, multidimensional data sets of the brain—made available by the world's 
foremost researchers from their own laboratories. The Alzheimer's Association has 
launched GAAIN only recently in partnership with the Laboratory of Neuro Imaging 
(LONI) at UCLA, the National Center for Alzheimer's Disease Research and Care at 
the Istituto di Ricovero e Cura a Carattere Scientifico (IRCCS), Fatebenefratelli 
Hospital, Italy, and Intel Corporation. 
As you likely know, no comparable network exists today. GAAIN holds tremendous 
potential not only for the advancement of Alzheimer's science but the advancement 
of all neuroscience. Its start-up costs are approximately $10 million over five years. 
May I ask you please to let me know if you are interested in learning more about 
GAAIN or other projects at the Alzheimer's Association? I would be glad to speak 
with you or to send you a detailed description via email. Thank you for your 
consideration and for all of your philanthropic work. 
Respectfully, 
Dan 
EFTA_R1_00517093 
EFTA02014423
--- PAGE 2 ---
Dan Parisi 
Senior associate director of foundation relations 
Alzheimer's Association 
225 N. Michigan Avenue, 17th Floor 
Chicago. IL 60601 
work 
fax 
Media/PR 
The Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
www.ieffreyeostein.orq 
Media/PR 
The Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
www.jeffreyeristein.orq 
EFTA_R1_00517094 
EFTA02014424

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014425.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014425.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Sent: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Re: No subject 
Wednesday, February 2, 2011 6:45:45 PM 
EFTA_R1_00517095 
EFTA02014425

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014426.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014426.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epstein [jeeyacation@grnail.corn] 
From: 
Elen capri 
Sent: 
Sun 5/13/2012 10:24:20 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Can I go back w u? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA_R1_00517096 
EFTA02014426

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014427.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationttgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
LSJ 
Sent: 
Sat 11/19/2011 1:57:45 PM 
Subject: Call 
Good Morning 
Brice tried to call as you requested no reply 
He will be boarding the plane in the next few minutes 
Warmest regards 
Karen 
EFTA_R1_00517097 
EFTA02014427

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014428.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014428.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Rey Pacheco < 
To: 
Sent: 
Tue Sep 14 20:01:58 2010 
EFTA_R1_00517098 
EFTA02014428

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014429.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014429.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
eevacatuonctm.mail.co 
EFTA_R1_00517101 
EFTA02014429

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014430.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014430.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationtbgmaitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Al seckel 
Sent: 
Mon 12/6/2010 4:09:06 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I thought this was done. I was told that it was done. I just got back from Paris late last 
night, and so, I will make sure that this is done asap. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Al secke 
Sent: Mon, December 6, 2010 8:06:04 AM 
Subject: 
please take of the wexner foundation from the philanthropy site. i asked last week 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jee\:4catipp@gmail.coni, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_00517102 
EFTA02014430

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014431.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014431.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > Date: Mon, 26 Oct 2009 15:58:35 -0400 To: < 
Subject: Re: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO On Mon, Oct 26, 2009 at 5:58 PM, 
wrote: 
I have to wait for month and half in ny without moving anywhere Sent via 
BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > 
Date: Mon, 26 Oct 2009 09:43:54 -0400 To: < 
Subject: Re: 
Julia roberts 30 years ago means nothing,,,, only the past three years On Mon, 
Oct 26, 2009 at 10:52 AM, 
< 
> wrote: 
I will make the 
research today and get all the possible information from people I know in ny and 
la. I ve seen the list of NYCDA graduates (julia roberts,matthew fox...),but need 
to do more research. Will do it today. 
EFTA_R1_00517103 
EFTA02014431

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014432.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014432.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcom[jeeyacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Ensteinheevacation©gmaif corn] 
From: 
Ian Osborne 
Sent 
Thur 3/1/2012 9:58:35 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Just checking in on this? I'll be up early too. 
On 1 March 2012 02:28, Ian Osborne 
wrote: 
Yes indeed. What time & where tomorrow morning? I've got a 30 minute call at 8am but 
otherwise no restriction. Can we either do early or 830 with Nathan? 
On Feb 29, 2012 3:54 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail corn> wrote: 
arc we still on schedule 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517104 
EFTA02014432

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014433.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014433.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
• 
• 
il.combeeyacation@gmail.comb Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 2/14/2011 9:48:52 PM 
Subject Re: Re: 
Sure. 
Sent from a wireless device 
On Feb 14, 2011, at 4:42 PM, Jeffrey Epstein tevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i tried your phone.. can you meet me at southern and dixie at 5? 
On Mon, Feb 14, 2011 at 4:35 PM, 
wrote: 
Im driving by citiplace 
Sent from a wireless device 
On Feb 14, 2011, at 4:32 PM, Jeffrey Epstein tyacationra:gmail,com> wrote: 
Are you near the airport!. 
************************ 
*********************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************** ****** ************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_00517106 
EFTA02014433
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517107 
EFTA02014434

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014435.pdf
----------------------------------------
I'm very sorry! 
I was planning to talk with my uncles about that. You've said that since the 18th and it's not 
professional nor serious! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 31, 2012, at 2:13 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ok im leaving 
On The, Jan 31, 2012 at 2:07 PM, Nina K. •=
a. wrote: 
Hello Jeffrey, 
I'm sorry i still didn't get any response from them. I called, emailed and texted and they 
still didn't get back to me. 
They might email you at some point ( they have your email from last time). 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 31, 2012, at 2:59 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
you never gave me a good raissa number„ I think you can work for 
me, you did a great job in Africa. , 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA_R1_00517108 
EFTA02014435

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014436.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014436.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein 
CCUeeyacation 
mail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 12/22/2011 8:24:23 PM 
Subject: Richard Mel 
Please call Dr. Richard Axel 
EFTA_R1_00517109 
EFTA02014436

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014437.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Fw: 
To: 
"Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
From: 
Received: 
Tue, 23 Aug 2011 13:41:44 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00517111 
EFTA02014437

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014438.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014438.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationQgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epstein[eevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Rich Kahn 
Sent: 
Wed 3/23/2011 4:44:26 PM 
Subject: FW: Flight Options - 1525715 3/27 
Rich Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
301 East 66th Street, Suite 10F 
New York, NY 10065 
From: Brendan Nolan [mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, March 23, 
To: Rich Kahn 
Subject: RE: Flight Options - 1525715 3/27 
Here is a sketch of the pricing: 
Billed Hours = 2 
Hourly Rate = $3.970 
Fuel = $1,045 
FET = does not apply (MCI trip) 
Hourly Charges = $10,030 
International Handling Fees = $3,200 
EFTA_R1_00517112 
EFTA02014438
--- PAGE 2 ---
The handling fees are estimates. These charges are directly passed through, once were billed by the 
handler. 
There is a 1 hour minimum, so a 50 min flight would be deducted 1 hour. 
From: Rich Kahn [mailto: 
Sent: Wednesday, Marchipmmi
lm
To: Brendan Nolan 
Subject: RE: Flight Options - 1525715 3/27 
Thank you 
I did not see any cost figures. 
Did you ever get a better feel on customs fees? 
If flight only 50 mins then is that what is deducted from jet pass hours (sorry I have not read docs yet) 
Is there rounding up? 
Thanks 
Rich Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
301 East 66th Street, Suite 10F 
New York, NY 10065 
EFTA_R1_00517113 
EFTA02014439
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Brendan Nolan [merit° 
Sent: Wednesday, March 23, 2011 10:46 AM 
To: Rich Kahn 
Subject: FW: Flight Options - 1525715 3/27 
Rich, 
Owner Services built a placeholder for your trip on Sunday. Itinerary is attached. 
If you choose to move forward with this, please let me know and they'll reach out to you to schedule 
specifics. 
Thanks, 
Brendan 
From: Nancy Pozniak 
Sent: Tuesday, March 22, 2011 7:18 PM 
To: Brendan Nolan; OSRE 
Subject: Flight Options - 1525715 3/27 
Hi Brendan! 
Here is an itinerary for the trip request you had earlier for G Maxwell(MDPC:TIST:MDPC). Please 
advise the Team if client intends on moving forward. If so, will you be the go-between or is there a 
someone we may contact directly? 
Thank you! 
Nancy 
EFTA_R1_00517114 
EFTA02014440

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014441.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014441.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.combeeyacation@gmail.comb Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.com] 
Fran: 
Sent 
Sun 8/21/2011 11:31:56 AM 
Subject Re: 
I'm on it, but it will some take time to find all these qualities combined (including decent teeth....) 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 21 Aug 2011 12:02:51 +0200 
To: David Sternc 
Subject: 
assistant? tall elegant chinese educagted 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jgcsacationeumail com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517115 
EFTA02014441

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014442.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014442.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.compeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Ian Osborne 
Sent 
Fri 5/11/2012 12:58:43 PM 
Subject: Re: 
London. Off to hongkong tonight but will call this afternoon. 
On May 11, 2012 1:24 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
where ? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517116 
EFTA02014442

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014443.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014443.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey 
Sent 
Wed 4/18/2012 11:33:52 PM 
I tried to call 
EFTA_R1_00517117 
EFTA02014443

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014444.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014444.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationgDgmail.compeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
Fran: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent 
Tue 11/8/2011 7:38:08 PM 
Subject RE: 
Arrived this morning. Smell is already long gone. 
Wish you were here. Whether here in NYC today is so nice. 
Missed my breakfast with mette as I followed asleep.!!!!! 
Will send you more later in day 
Boris 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: Tuesday, November 08, 2011 5:04 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
hope you had fun, take a long shower, otherwise you will, smell like curry in ny. 
AT the dinner 
thurs, Eva Andersson Dubin.. my ex- and mother of my god daughter that bill met in my house. 
She was a former miss sweden. we were together for ten years. she wanted marriage , 
AGGHHH. she married glenn dubin. Untrustwaorthy prick. howver he allowed me to enjoy 
raising my goddaughter. Bill i believe will find her interesting. the rest of the crowd is BORING 
except for PAul who is from tennessee . and can trade but not think. likes to hear himself talk. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517118 
EFTA02014444

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014445.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014445.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationftmail.com[jeevacation@gmaitcom Jeffre E stein 'oevacation@gmail cam] 
Cc: 
Larry Visoskial; 
Tom Mansfield 
From: 
Don Bass 
Sent 
Thur 12/15/2011 2:38:07 AM 
Subject: Re: Counter Offer 
Yes price to you will 4M before Inspection. We will close sale to Tarek after completion of 
inspection. 
All other interior, avionics, 
and entertainment work to be started after the sale. 
Deal with Eric will be seperate from sale of plane 
Tarek will not sign Agreement to buy plane 
until has Agreement with Eric to verify pricing 
Any issues after closing arc between Eric and Tarck 
Ok to send counter offer? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 14, 2011, at 7:35 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
so 4 million before inspection settled seperatte and apart , correct 
On Wed, Dec 14, 2011 at 5:54 PM, Don Bass 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Attached is a suggested counter offer at 4.5M with 500K included for interior, 
avionics, and entertainment, as clarified and incorporated into a revised Exhibit A 
attached hereto. 
I understand your desire to exclude some or all of the C Check expense. 
My concern is that delivering the aircraft with a fresh C2C inspection has always 
been something that we have agreed to include in the deal, both verbally and in 
our written counter offers. 
EFTA_R1_00517120 
EFTA02014445
--- PAGE 2 ---
We run the risk of being perceived as changing the deal and this will, most likely, 
not go over well. 
I understand that the C inspection is a significant expense; however, from a 
market value standpoint, it does not add a lot of value to the aircraft as it is 
required to keep the aircraft in an airworthy condition. The plane cannot be flown 
without completing it. 
I believe that there is another component of the C inspection due in 12 months —
and the buyer is aware of this. 
Let me know your thoughts regarding a counter offer. 
Regards, 
Don Bass 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517121 
EFTA02014446

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014447.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
tion©gmail.compeevacation@gmail.comj: JE JailDeevacationammaitcomi 
From: 
Sent 
at 
/19/2011 2:52:27 PM 
Subject . 
Thank you for the fun dinner. You have done nothing wrong, you have been wonderful. I 
am sorry but I am afraid I can't accept the car from you. It is clearly very expensive, yet 
getting it now, makes me feel cheap. Please understand I am not looking to get things from 
you. I thought you finally realized how pointless it is trying to find someone better than me. 
It looks like I misread your behavior. Sorry, it confuses me when you are so sweet and 
affectionate and then just leave and keep a distance. You know I like wrong but I'm afraid 
this is now past my threshold. Casual fun with you and leaving your house after dinner 
makes me feel like one of your paid friends and I can't handle it. You have been perfect. I 
don't understand why, I don't understand meaningless affection...I need to stop playing 
with fire before it's too late. 
EFTA_R1_00517123 
EFTA02014447

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014448.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
• 
1/ 
in 
mil m' v 
i n 
m il. m • 
ff 
einueevacation@gmail.com]; 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 4/11/2012 2:47:34 AM 
Having almost everything on the chocolate menu at Daniel! 
EFTA_R1_00517124 
EFTA02014448

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014449.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014449.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
tion@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation©gmail.com) 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 4/13/2011 8:03:58 PM 
Subject: Re: you now should have enough for the year 
Thank You 
From: Jeffrey 
stein < eevacation@ malloom> 
To: 
Cc: Harry Beller 
Sent: Tue, April 12, 2011 4:13:06 PM 
Subject: you now should have enough for the year 
please wire 
in additional 25k 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*** 
EFTA_R1_00517125 
EFTA02014449

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014450.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffre E stein < 'eevacation 
mail.com > Subject: Re: 
To: 
> Date: Thursday, July 15, 2010, 2:04 AM tuesday? 
EFTA_R1_00517127 
EFTA02014450

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014451.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeevacation < jeevacation©gmail.com > 
To: 
Gmax 
Sent: 
Thu Nov 04 13:43:30 2010 
EFTA_R1_00517128 
EFTA02014451

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014452.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014452.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationtOgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffres[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
David Stern 
Sent: 
Tue 4/24/2012 10:01:45 PM 
Subject: Re: 
So no point to fly there from Los Angeles after Dick Merkin meeting. 
Probably better to fly to island from London ! 
EFTA_R1_00517129 
EFTA02014452

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014453.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014453.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@igmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Mon 5/7/2012 7:34:20 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Don't forget to tell the girls to shop at SAKS today!!! 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
EFTA_R1_00517130 
EFTA02014453

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014454.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 
From: 
Subject: 
arbro 
Sent: 
Tuesday, July 5, 2011 1:45:46 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00517132 
EFTA02014454

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014455.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Emad Hanna 
Sent: 
Tue 1/4/2011 4:48:20 PM 
Subject: 
Calypso 
Jeffrey, 
Would it be possible to take Calypso boat out tomorrow in order to take my son fishing for a 
while? 
If so Manuel the mechanic is on vacation and he would drive the boat. 
Thank you 
Emad Hanna 
Project Controller 
HBRK Associates 
301 East 66th St 
Suite 10F 
New York, NY 10065 
EFTA_R1_00517133 
EFTA02014455

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014456.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Cc: 
jeffreE
teir
1,
1111 
From: 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
Hi David, 
EFTA_R1_00517134 
EFTA02014456

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014457.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014457.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]: Jeffres[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: 
Thur 7/5/2012 7:02:02 PM 
Subject: 
RE: follow up 
See Article II on pgs 1-2 of the 2006 Trust Doc attached to my last email for 
language related to distribution of 'trust accounting income' from operating 
profits of 'relevant companies' which you will see detailed in II(A)3. The 
'relevant companies' are the Apollo entities Leon had ownership interests in that 
he contributed into the GRATs that poured into the 2006 Trust. There isn't 
specific language surrounding the principal. The trusts owns the interests in 
Black Family Partners and the monetization of the value of the BRH interests 
would not constitute 'trust accounting income' from 'operating profits' and would 
therefore remain in the trust. 
EFTA_R1_00517136 
EFTA02014457

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014458.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Chemistry 
Sent: 
Fri 8/31/2012 8:09:16 PM 
Subject: 
Jeffrey, ready to meet members near West Orange? 
Add ChemistryaVconnect.chemistry.com to your address book to ensure delivery. 
Jeffrey, let us introduce you to a few of our members: 
Adrianne 
PHOTOS 
Age: 61 I Toms River 
Jackie 
PHOTO 
Age: 56 I East Hanover 
Take My Breath Away 
Honest and 0pen...Fit 
and Active 
Elena 
PHOTO 
Age: 61 I Edgewater 
I'm a new corner from 
Israel, so if you are a 
good-... 
Complete the personality test everyone is talking about to 
receive your FREE personalized matches! 
chariot my email nation* I Privacy policy 
As a member of Chemistry.com, we will send you emalls such as this on a periodic basis. You are in control and can discontinue 
receipt of this type of email at any time by adlustino email optn.  Removal may take 3-7 business days. Replies to this 
mailbox are not monitored, but please contact CustralTitL,'Sen2Ce if needed. Chemistry.com D.O. Box 25314 Dallas, TX 75225 
USA 
EFTA_R1_00517137 
EFTA02014458

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014459.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; jeffrey epsteinlieeyacation©gmaitcomj 
Thur 8/18/2011 1:33:36 AM 
The name of the doctor in brasil is Jose Roberto 
EFTA_R1_00517138 
EFTA02014459

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014460.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014460.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein 
CCUeeyacation 
mail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 4/16/2012 5:02:26 PM 
Subject: Fwd: Question 
If this is ok with you, shall I send this question to Brice/Larry? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Craig Martin 
Date: A ril 16, 2012 12:25:40 PM EDT 
To: 
Subj 
: 
u 
Reply-To: Craig Martin scIM
MI 
I have a landscape designer that I have contacted to come over and visit LSJ. He was 
recommended by Rich Cortese. His company does the Westin St John and some 
other islands in the area. 
He is available to come down Wed. morning, 9:30 -11:00 
He will be: 
• Looking at landscaping 
• Looking at dying plants around the owners room and suggesting 
the correct plant material 
• Developing proposals for future maintenance programs. 
They will be flying over from St John by helicopter . Is there a way to get 
permission for him to land on the island. 
Thanks; 
Craig 
EFTA_R1_00517139 
EFTA02014460

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014461.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Emad Hanna 
Sent: 
Tue 2/22/2011 5:38:14 PM 
Subject: LSJ New Pool 
Jeffrey, 
I have a request for 500 tons of Colombian Sand for S 35,000 and trucking is $ 5,400 
Total is S 40,400 
Thank you 
Emad Hanna 
Project Controller 
HBRK Associates 
301 East 66th St 
Suite 10F 
New York, NY 10065 
EFTA_R1_00517140 
EFTA02014461

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014462.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014462.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcompeevacation©gmail.cont, 
jeevacationitegmail.comfjeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Ben capri 
Sent 
Sat 12/1/2012 10:59:21 PM 
Subject: RE: 
?m in Brazil,how long you gonna be in Paris? 
Date: Sat, 1 Dec 2012 23:09:11 +0100 
Subject: 
From: 'eevacation u 
ail.com 
To: 
Im in paris you? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517142 
EFTA02014462

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014463.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014463.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationepgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
brice gordon 
Sent 
Fri 2/15/2013 1:11:18 PM 
Subject: Re: 
will meet with Jeanne prior to call 1215 
booby due today after ten today, he had two boat breakdown yesterday 
On Fri, Feb 15, 2013 at 9:07 AM, Jeffrey Epstein icevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
did you guys meet wtih jcanne yet? we can try 1215 your time. 
On Fri, Feb 15, 2013 at 7:52 AM, LSJ 
wrote: 
Karen just reminded me she has doctors apt at 2 pm 
She could be back by 4.30 at latest 
Should we do it at FTC 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 15, 2013, at 7:35 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationQIgmail.com> wrote: 
peter shold be on service road on top adn rocks on bottom landing. today. 
we shoudl have a call with rich you karcn and me today if possible at the end 
of day. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************** 
****** ********** 
****** ********************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_00517143 
EFTA02014463
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Brice Gordon 
USVI 
New Mexico 
EFTA_R1_00517144 
EFTA02014464

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014465.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014465.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
To: 
"JE Vacation" <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
From: 
Received: 
Thu, 30 Jun 2011 16:27:16 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00517145 
EFTA02014465

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014466.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014466.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Sent 
Fri 1/28/2011 9:17:03 AM 
Subject: Re: 
I fly at 9 am on Sunday and be back Monday at 11 pm 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 28 Jan 2011, at 04:12 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation 
mail cam> wrote: 
are you around on sunday i will be back 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
NOTE: This c-mail message is subject to the Dubai World Group disclaimer see 
http://www.dubaiworld.ae/email_disclaimer 
EFTA_R1_00517146 
EFTA02014466

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014467.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmall corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 3/16/2012 3:18:48 PM 
Subject: Re: Scott Dennet 
I will ask him to come at 7pm today...and tell him if he can come earlier to please do so... 
On Mar 16, 2012, at 11:17 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
today 
On Fri, Mar 16, 2012 at 11:12 AM, 
can't get there till 7pm today ( at an ad agency ) 
sat anytime after 3:45 
anytime sunday 
or mon 
please let me know 
thank you scott 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@smail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00517147 
EFTA02014467

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014468.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitconteevacation©gmail.cont Jeffrey Epstein 
CCfieevacation 
maitcom] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 12/20/2011 3:03:03 PM 
Subject.• 
Reminder 
Wanted to remind you of an old reminder...not sure if it is still relevant but the date is 
approaching...you sent me the following: 
Oct. 23rd Bill Gates late.,, mid october washington..Boris, Regina, Jan 12 after .jit to, gates to 
island 
EFTA_R1_00517148 
EFTA02014468

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014469.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent: 
Fri Apr 29 14:33:08 2011 
EFTA_R1_00517151 
EFTA02014469

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014470.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject My trip 
ail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Thur 7/21/2011 3:54:10 AM 
I am landing in Paris on Saturday at about 11 am and will go straight to the station to catch the 
train to London. 
May I please: 
Book a train ticket to London 
and 
ask Valson to collect me at the airport and take me to the station? No problem if I cant, I can take 
a taxi, I just wanted to give him half my things so I dont take everything to London but that is 
also not a crisis if I cant... 
The car service will take me to the airport on Friday evening. I will leave the house at 7.30pm, my 
flight has been pushed back to 10.40pm 
EFTA_R1_00517152 
EFTA02014470

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014471.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014471.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationegmaitcom> Date: Mon, 10 Oct 2011 22:18:18 -0400 To: 
lanOsbome<
2127729416 — 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, maybe attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_00517153 
EFTA02014471

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014472.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Sent 
Wed 5/16/2012 4:56:01 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Balto 
On May 16, 2012 12:55 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacationesmail.com> wrote: 
what is the name of the cartoon 
************************************** 
********************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517154 
EFTA02014472

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014473.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationttgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
LSJ 
Sent: 
Sat 11/19/2011 2:08:33 PM 
Subject: Ion 
Reference painting in Relax bathroom do you want Ion to paint across the door 
areas with the 2 separate colors? 
EFTA_R1_00517155 
EFTA02014473

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014474.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.comlleevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Ramsey Elkholy 
Sent 
Fri 6/24/2011 10:55:36 PM 
Subject: RE: fyi 
Great... I started working w Kate Nauta lately. She hasnt done much in the way of film since 
Transporters 2, mostly she has been doing music. Here's a video if you want to meet her I can 
bring her by sometime. She is infinitely more talented than 
and really bright. 
http://m.youtube.com/#/watch?desktop_uri=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-
B0L9IY3Hg&v=P-BOL9IY3Hg&g1=US 
Date: Fri, 24 Jun 2011 17:10:23 -0400 
Subject: Re: fyi 
From: 'eevacation u 
ail.com 
To: 
ill be in starting sunday 
On Thu, Jun 23, 2011 at 3:01 PM, Ramsey Elkholy e
> wrote: 
I don't know anything about it, she texted me this morning to tell...maybe ed rate, 
which isn't real money, but she is happy nonetheless. 
Date: Thu, 23 Jun 2011 14:45:59 -0400 
Subject: Re: fyi 
From: "cevacation 
mail.com 
To: 
didshe get paid for zink? 
On Thu, Jun 23, 2011 at 2:44 PM, Ramsey Elkholy e
> 
wrote: 
Will you ask 
to come to NY and be my love slave? :) I can rent 
for her an apt...she is also a great scout...fearless. 
is staying w me, she's always saying "I can't figure Jeffrey 
out", hilarious :-) She was very happy about today (zink)... I'm 
working on her, she is ok w lingerie I think, otherwise still kinda 
conservative. The good news is that other guys are trying to date her 
and it seems that she is gradually starting to forget about her bf. 
EFTA_R1_00517156 
EFTA02014474
--- PAGE 2 ---
Date: Wed, 22 Jun 2011 12:44:18 -0400 
Subject: fyi 
From: 'cevacation 
mail.com 
To: 
----- Forwarded messa e 
From: 
Date: Mon, Jun 20, 2011 at 1:04 AM 
Subject: RE: 
To: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
jeffrey, still in paris? 
how are you? 
wanne see you! 
?ve been thinking, i wanne be a movie star..modeling is killing mc...you where right! 
i broke up whit this stupid guy..have my own apartment but this is not me ..i wanne 
see the world and travel.. 
i changed, im not going out no more only training! 
i dont wanne waist time no more and i choose for caner! 
im not happy in 
i know i need too be in hollywood! 
can you manage me..i wanne make my dreams reality..like you made your dreams 
reality! 
jeffrey call me 
xxx 
Date: Sun, 10 Oct 2010 19:11:13 +0200 
Subject: 
From: 'ecvac tin 
mails m 
To: 
inl in paris 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_00517157 
EFTA02014475
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jes% acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to je
ac
zn  gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
***********************************************************
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_00517158 
EFTA02014476
--- PAGE 4 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517159 
EFTA02014477

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014478.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014478.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: RE: Friday 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
Wed 10/24/2012 7:06:36 PM 
Perfect can't wait to tell you about the two WB options 
Seem like too good to be true? 
Would be grateful for a ride! 
In the meantime check out 
Waste2resources.org 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 10 24 2012 12:02 PM 
To: 
Subject: Re: Friday 
Of course 
On Wednesday, October 24, 2012, 
wrote: 
What tines will you be there? 
Can I do a 130 to 230 mtg and get a ride over and back with you guys? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecn, acatkmagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517160 
EFTA02014478

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014479.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacationetgmail.com]; Jefffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
"RI 
M0:27 
PM 
Subject Jose Luis Contreras-Vidal 
I have not heard back from Contreras-Vidal...we have his email address...would you like me to 
send him an email requesting a time to speak with you this week? If so, please let me know what 
I should tell him about you...he asked me why you wished to speak with him...Vidal did say he is 
always happy to speak about his research, but I think he does want to know why you are 
interested... 
Let me know if I should email him rc setting up a call this week. (he is busy all day today as a 
reminder) 
phone: 
EFTA_R1_00517161 
EFTA02014479

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014480.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014480.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject Re: Re: Re: 
ail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Fri 6/3/2011 5:11:18 PM 
do you want to go to Moscow? 
because i need to tell a little bit in advance to ogranise everything and call the girls so they are not 
leaving for the weekend. 
thank you 
let me know, 
kisses 
2011/6/3 Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com>
no 
On Fri, Jun 3, 2011 at 6:58 PM, 
wrote: 
found one danser, available for today..didnt see her in real, but can meet her before... 
I am not big fan, i think she looks cheap 
but let me know... 
23yo 
2011/6/3 jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
As I said , you need to show me first 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 3, 2011, at 5:30 PM, 
wrote: 
i dont want to disappoint you!! 
i am learning and know you already a little bit better, but it's true i dont have a 
lot of girls in town 
and i don't know s0000 much, but little by little i will. 
I also not working anymore at model agency whats makes the things more 
difficult 
+still need to be here every day at Elite, 
if i could fully dedicate myself to work with you, i am sure i could be more 
productive. 
as you can see, i am doing my best, because i like you a lot and i like to spend 
time with you. 
Lets open a model agency? or i will work for you full time? 
kisses 
EFTA_R1_00517162 
EFTA02014480
--- PAGE 2 ---
P.S miss you 
2011/6/3 jeffrey epstein <jecvaeation@gmail.com>
Pm sorry you are bored. I wanted you to know that I am disappointed. I 
measure what happens as opposed to words. This week has not been fruitful 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 3, 2011, at 4:12 PM, 
> i am at the store.. alone... and its nobody !!;( 
> Best regards, 
> Ornpaanexo c iPhone 
wrote: 
> 0106.2011, B 15:01, jeffrey epstein leevacationegmail.com> Haricam(a): 
>> Should we bring the girls from Moscow to Paris? 
>> 
>> Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
Best regards, 
ELITE RETAIL 
Store Manager 
14, Avenue George V 
75008 Paris. France 
TEL. 
GSM 
E-mail: 
www.elitemodelworld.com 
EFTA_R1_00517163 
EFTA02014481
--- PAGE 3 ---
Best regards, 
ELITE RETAIL 
Store Manager 
14, Avenue George V 
75008 Paris France 
TEL. 
GSM 
E-mail: 
www.elitemodclworld com 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Best regards, 
ELITE RETAIL 
Store Manager 
EFTA_R1_00517164 
EFTA02014482
--- PAGE 4 ---
14, Avenue George V 
75008 Paris France 
TEL. 
GSM 
E-mail: 
www.elitemodetworld.com 
EFTA_R1_00517165 
EFTA02014483

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014484.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014484.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]: 
jeeproject@yahoo.com[jeeproject@yahoo.com] 
From: 
Yahoo! Ordering 
Sent: 
Thur 12/15/2011 12:00:32 PM 
Subject: UFC Pay-Per-View on Yahoo! Sports 
Order #: 
Date: 
177445298 
12/15/2011 
Yahoo ID: 
jeeproject 
Payment Method: 
VISA xxxx-7031 301 east 66, New York, NY 10022, United States 
Order Summary 
Service 
Ultimate Fighting Championship UFC 
Copyright (0 2011 Yahoo! Inc All rights reserved. 
or n-. 
Amount 
One-Time Charge 
$44.95 
Total 
Amount: $44.95 
EFTA_R1_00517166 
EFTA02014484

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014485.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014485.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey epstein 
(jeeyacationegmail.com)fleffrey epstein (jeeyacation@gmail.comTh 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent 
Wed 4/4/2012 3:58:41 PM 
Subject 
when you could meet Eric 
April 10? 
What time works? 
Eric will call me later in day to discuss. 
Boris 
EFTA_R1_00517167 
EFTA02014485

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014486.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014486.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmaitconteevacation©gmail.comi; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmaii corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 8/29/2012 4:55:17 PM 
Subject Re: Pres. Botstein on the 7th? 
ok, thanks.. 
On Aug 29, 2012, at 12:52 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
no 
On Wed, Aug 29, 2012 at 11:41 AM, 
wrote: 
Pres. Botstein is available to meet with on Sept 7th in the afternoon at 4pm or 
shortly thereafter...His preference would be to meet up with him at one of the 
BHSEC schools... 
Would you like to meet with Botstein at 4pm on Sept. 7th at one of the BHSEC schools? 
(you have dinner the night of the 7th with Woody and Soon Yi..time TBD) 
***** ****************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOgmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517168 
EFTA02014486

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014487.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmacomijeevacationellgmail.cont Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail comj 
From: 
brice gordon 
Sent 
Tue 4/10/2012 10:37:26 PM 
Subject Re: 
I was going to do cabinets with him tomorrow, needed brian and John to concentrate on gates for 
engineering. 
On Tue, Apr 10, 2012 at 6:30 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation(agmail.com> wrote: 
john should be working on the cabinets for five palms„ as of this morning he had no idea.. ? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to kevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Brice Gordon 
Little Saint James 
USVI 
Phone: 340 513 9855 
EFTA_R1_00517169 
EFTA02014487

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014488.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein 
CCUeeyacation 
mail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 3/13/2012 5:59:53 PM 
Subject: Dr. Magnani 
Please call Dr. Magnani 
EFTA_R1_00517170 
EFTA02014488

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014489.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevaeation©gmaii.com] 
From: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Sent 
Tue 8/28/2012 12:33:15 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I am very sorry it turned out to have this effect on you, I did not realize, but I can understand 
when you explain how you view it. When we talk about these things it always bring some issues, 
probably because our different attitudes to it, may be it's better to avoid this topic for now in 
order to not hurt each other. I love you. And I miss you very much.. 
On Aug 28, 2012 7:49 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jcevacation@gmail,com> wrote: 
have a great day„ i know you are sensitive . and you are aware that you have now frightened 
me twice, once on march 15, re katya, and again this past weekend, Im sure it will be ok, 
and i am trying my best. love you 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ices acation@ ri
gtn, 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517171 
EFTA02014489

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014490.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeeyacation@gma. 
> 
• 
• 
• 
-0500 To: 
Terry Kafka< 
> Cc: 
> Subject: 
Fwd: Howd from texas have him call 
. sarah please 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Thu, Nov 12, 2009 at 6:39 PM Subject: Re: Howdy from texas To: jeff epstein 
< jeevacation@gmail.com > 
Fishbein wasn't all over the place like everyone 
else was. Still low key - guess. Phil is couch surfing with a friend from dallas 
who now lives in nyc. If you can put him up with no trouble, I'm sure he'd 
appreciate it and it would make his life easier there. Let me know. He's in town 
til tues. Two more interviews on monday. As far as an apt for him, just think 
what you grew up in; a 3rd floor walkup @ sea gate and nautilus. Unbelievable. 
Let him try that place for a year or two. Best, tk 
EFTA_R1_00517172 
EFTA02014490

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014491.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
••
itconteevacation6gmall.con Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail cam] 
From: 
Sent 
Fri W17/2012 4:12:30 AM 
Subject Re: 
I don't think so. It's about a 28 year old billionaire business man that is into Dominate/Submissive 
sex, ends up falling in love with someone and marrying her. He was the son of a crack whore who 
was abused as a kid and was adopted by a wealthy family. The girl he marries is the first normal 
girlfriend he ever had that wasn't a submissive. Basically the whole book is them having sex in 
every sort of way. 
On Aug 16, 2012, at 5:00 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
any similarity? 
On Thu, Aug 16, 2012 at 2:13 PM, a 
wrote: 
I'm already on the 3rd book. ;-) 
On Aug 16, 2012, at 3:54 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationaismail.com> wrote: 
eve said you both have to get the first and second books of shades of 
grey, everyone thinks is about me, you can down;oad on kindle 
************************ 
*********************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************** 
****** ************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_00517173 
EFTA02014491
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517174 
EFTA02014492

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014493.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation©gmaitcom[jeeyacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
at gt2012 4:45:28 PM 
Subject Re: Re: 
Thank you Sneaky dog , I'm glad that you think so ! And I'm appreciate that you always honest 
with me )Xxx 
Sent from my iPad 
On Mar 31, 2012, at 5:24 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I tell you when you do wrong , and i tell you when i think you are learning„ itss 
only fair. 
On Sat, Mar 31, 2012 at 5:20 AM, 
ote: 
Thanks but what exactly I do well? ) , 
Sent from my iPad 
On Mar 31, 2012, at 4:53 AM, Jeffrey Epstein tevacation@gmail com> wrote: 
you are doing very well. 
************************ 
*********************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeyacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************** 
****** 
************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_00517175 
EFTA02014493
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517176 
EFTA02014494

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014495.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comfieeyacation©gmail.comb 
jeeyacationegmail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
edward jay epstein 
Sent 
Sat 4/14/2012 9:16:11 PM 
Subject Re: 
I can't tonight 
Connected by DROID on Verizon Wireless 
Original message 
From: Jeffrey <.eeyacation 
mail.com> 
To: 
Sent: Sat, Apr 14. 2012 20:50:27 GMT+00:00 
Subject: Re: 
Come by at 645 if you are free 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 14, 2012, at 4:31 PM, "cdward jay epstein"- 
wrote: 
I am at jfk. Just landed. Spent day with dsk yesterday 
Connected by DROID on Verizon Wireless 
Original message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein icjeevacationfaamail corn> 
To: edward epstein 
Sent: Sat, Apr 14, 2012 12:45:38 GMT+00:00 
Subject: 
the story iin columbia is that one secret service agent did not pay the right 
amoount to the prostitute„ she went to the police.. 
sound familar 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA_R1_00517177 
EFTA02014495
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517178 
EFTA02014496

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014497.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.conteevacation©gmail.cont Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 6/30/2011 5:18:15 PM 
Subject: Re: Peggy Siegel 
ok. thx 
On Jun 30, 2011, at 1:16 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
don't 
On Thu, Jun 30, 2011 at 1:07 PM 
wrote: 
Harvey Weinstein called Peggy Siegel asking if she might be flying to Europe 
tonight...he would love to split a ride, or something...Peggy asked her assistant to 
call and ask you... 
How shall I respond... 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOsmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517179 
EFTA02014497

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014498.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
maitcomueevacationagmail.comj: Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation@gmaii corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 3/5/2012 4:15:19 PM 
Subject Re: Jojo for Celina & Mya tomorrow? 
thanks. I will relay 
On Mar 5, 2012, at 11:14 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
no 
On Mon, Mar 5, 2012 at 8:11 AM, 
wrote: 
Please advise...Jojo is picking up Karyna at 10:27pm tonight and helping Karyna 
move tomorrow... 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Eva Dubin <evadubin
hotmail.com>
Date: March 5. 2012 10:58:05 AM EST 
To: 
Epstein <
M> 
Subject: Tomorrow 
H 
Is there any chance Jojo can bring 
and 
o school 
tomorrow at 7:30am? 
Thanks. 
Eva 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_00517180 
EFTA02014498
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to ice\ acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517181 
EFTA02014499

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014500.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Lola M 
Sent 
Fri 9/14/2012 10:23:38 AM 
Subject: RE: 
Euros? Gross? paying tax in france then which hurts 
Date: Fri, 14 Sep 2012 04:10:39 -0600 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation®gmail.com 
To: 
50k yes paris 
On Fri, Sep 14, 2012 at 3:12 AM, Lola M <
wrote: 
Not crazy but a fumy thing: I went for dinner with a guy and at the end I told him 
to flip a coin and if it is heads he gets to sleep with me otherwise nothing. It drove 
him crazy. 
For the assistant, what would be the salary? Based in Paris, I suppose? 
Date: Thu, 13 Sep 2012 07:12:56 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: *cevacation a mail.com 
To 
again„ your commems are neither friendly , or hepful. stop being so defensie it is not 
attractive 
On Thu, Sep 13, 2012 at 7:07 AM, Lola M •::
> wrote: 
I could be a good assistant but probably you want someone more 
obedient. I will look around. You could enageg a professional 
headhunter. Can it be a man or is this another way to ask me to 
introduce you to girls? 
Date: Thu, 13 Sep 2012 06:54:24 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jecvacation@gmail.com 
To: 
learning is not a straight line. can you find me an assistant , to work throughout 
EFTA_R1_00517184 
EFTA02014500
--- PAGE 2 ---
europe. travel. etc. 
On Thu, Sep 13, 2012 at 6:48 AM, Lola M MIIIIIIMINIMMI> wrote: 
Yes. I did not feel pleasure from forcing myself doing 
things. I agree that it is good to try but I should not 
continue if I don't enjoy. Also, I started to be more 
selective on with whom I spend time with and to whom I 
want to give pleasure to. I want to be around people that 
I can learn from, that are supportive and respectful and if 
that is the case I really fell like give them everything I can 
to make their life happier. 
Date: Thu, 13 Sep 2012 06:26:12 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: 
vacs i n a7 m il.c  m 
To 
it was always supposed to be about your pleasure„ even the pleaseure of 
giving. 
On Thu, Sep 13, 2012 at 4:51 AM, Lola M 
wrote: 
My phone did not ring. 
Unfortunately no crazy story to tell you. I got bored by those 
experiments as they did not give me pleasure 
but they were a good way to learn and get 
more confident, so thank you. I asked a lot 
of guys what they see as great sex and all of 
them said it was when they saw/felt that the 
girl had immense of pleasure. 
Looking forward to having fun when you'll be here. 
Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2012 22:44:46 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacationlagmail.com 
To: lola,migpon@hotmailfr 
tried again 
On Wed, Sep 12, 2012 at 4:49 PM, Lola M < 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00517185 
EFTA02014501
--- PAGE 3 ---
Nevertheless, I tried again. No 
luck. 
Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2012 10:07:44 -0400 
Subject: Re: Tonight. 
From: jeevacationegmail.com 
To: 
easier for me to call. 
On Wed, Sep 12, 2012 at 10:00 AM, Lola M 
wrote: 
Will you pick up if 1 
call or you prefer 
calling? 
Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2012 07:08:09 -0400 
Subject: Re: Ok. I will try again. 
From: jccvacation@gmail.com 
To. &WWI
WPOilkty 
IIIVILA uwn.0 
now?? send me a number 
On Wed, Sep 12, 2012 at 7:00 AM, Lola M 
<lola.mignon@hot 
mail fr> wrote: 
Subject: Re: RE:omotw? 
From: jeevacation@pnail.com 
Date: 'Fue, 11 Sep 2012 19:42:31 -0400 
To: lola.mignon(ahotmail.fr 
Tomorow ? 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 11, 2012, at 6:46 PM, Lola M 
EFTA_R1_00517186 
EFTA02014502
--- PAGE 4 ---
wrote: 
I tried. 
Date: Tue, 11 Sep 2012 06:52:48 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jecvacation@gmail.com 
To: 
of course when 
On Tuc, Sc 11, 2012 at 4:44 AM, Lola M 
wrote: 
Will you talk to me again? 
************************************* 
The information contained in this 
communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, 
may 
constitute inside information, and is intended 
only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of 
this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us 
immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights 
EFTA_R1_00517187 
EFTA02014503
--- PAGE 5 ---
reserved 
*********************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to kevacation@amail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to je
ac
zn  gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
********** 
******************************************** 
if 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA_R1_00517188 
EFTA02014504
--- PAGE 6 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to joevacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517189 
EFTA02014505
--- PAGE 7 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to Leevacationqt umai Learn, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517190 
EFTA02014506

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014507.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmaitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; jeffrey epstein ijeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Elen capri 
Sent: 
Wed 12/14/2011 8:53:11 PM 
Subject: Re: 
min??? N000000 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA_R1_00517191 
EFTA02014507

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014508.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Larry[@] 
From: 
George Reenstra 
Subject: RE: Boeing 
Thanks for the help but at this point I need to develop it 
further...takes time, he is also buying a 76 from me 
EFTA_R1_00517193 
EFTA02014508

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014509.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014509.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcomijeevacation@gmail.comj: Jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
From: 
Steve Hanson 
Sent 
Mon 5/14/2012 8:45:26 PM 
Subject: Craig 
No response from Craig yet — I am re-emailing him now. 
Confidentiality NNico: This email transmission and any filo or pikwious e-mail attached to it is intended to be viewed only by the party to which it is 
addressed and may contain valuable business information that Is confidential and/or otherwise protected horn drank:auto under applicable law. If you 
are not the intended recipient *feu are hereby notified that any review. disclosure. dissemination or use of any of the information contained in or attached 
to this transmission is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Thank you for your cooperation 
EFTA_R1_00517194 
EFTA02014509

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014510.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Subject Re: 
Hi Jeffrey, was great to see you! I talked to them, they arc in school/work all day tomorrow, but 
we'll definitely do it when you are back! 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 20 Aug 2012 22:24:20 -0400 
To 
Subject: 
katyas friend tomorw? 
***** **************** 
******** *** ******* ******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jet:\ deaf ion@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517195 
EFTA02014510

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014511.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation©gmail.com] 
Fran: 
Sent: 
Wed 4/25/2012 10:14:04 PM 
Subject: Fwd: eXXXcellent! 
steve and i laugh quite a lot at this 12 year old food blogger from here in seethe. 
you and steve usually find the same things funny. 
—Original Message—
From: Steven Sinofsky 
To: 
Sent: Mon, Apr 23, 2012 5:46 am 
Subject: FW: eXXXcellent! 
Feed: Eating With Emily 
Posted on: Sunday, April 22, 2012 8:12 PM 
Author: noreplv@blogger.com (catingwithemily) 
Subject: eXXXcellent! 
Today I reviewed XXX Root Beer in Issaquah and I fell in love. I didn't think it would happen 
until junior high, but it did. 
On decor of restaurant, I give it a 5! It was very retro and old school. There are huge gumball 
machines when you first walk in, but if you don't want to necessarily walk in, there is a walk up 
ice cream and milkshake bar open to the patio. Everyone seemed to be getting rootbeer floats. 
XXX makes their own rootbeer and they have had the same recipe since 1930. The walls and 
ceilings are covered with pictures, Coke stuff, license plates with puns and old items that I can't 
even name. There is a creepy doll called Howdy Doody. Don't even look at it. There is an old 
working juke box and it was very cool. They had oversized sunglasses that you can wear and my 
two friends and I all had fun wearing them. Pictures of Marilyn Monroe and Elvis surrounded 
me everywhere, and that is not really a bad thing if you really think about it. There was 50's and 
60's music playing and it gave me an idea of what it was like back then. 
EFTA_R1_00517196 
EFTA02014511
--- PAGE 2 ---
Here is the huge gumball machine it stole 50 cents from me! Why me? 
Walkup ice cream bar... 
On friendliness of staff towards kids, I give it a 5! There were a lot of servers and they were 
really nice. They made sure we knew about the silly sunglasses and made sure we felt welcome. 
I could really tell that they like kids and were happy we liked it there. Whenever I asked for 
something, they were not annoyed in the least. Doesn't everyone need a knife, ranch dressing, 
more ketchup, more water 
On service speed, I give it a 5! The food came out much quicker than I thought it would 
and everything was hot and crispy. 
EFTA_R1_00517197 
EFTA02014512
--- PAGE 3 ---
Root beer float... 
Cheese balls... 
Bacon cheeseburger with garlic fries... 
EFTA_R1_00517198 
EFTA02014513
--- PAGE 4 ---
Don't worry. I didn't eat this all myself! On taste of food, I give it a 5! The cheese balls were 
pure bliss. Basically they are just cheese rolled in batter and fried, but what is better than cheese 
or batter or anything fried? ni tell you what is better, their bacon cheeseburgers. Like I said, 
I wasn't prepared to fall in love. My life totally changed today. I never thought that I could have 
a burger this amazing. The soft sesame bun absorbed the delicious sauce. The bite with the 
burger, cheese, crisp pickles, lettuce, bacon and tomatoes was like a bite of pure heaven. The 
bacon was crispy and smoked and the burger was cooked to perfection. It was so delicious it is 
making my mouth water and I am at a loss for words. Just try it. The root beer float was a 
whole other story. It was even more special since the root beer is house made. It is very 
sweet and tingles your taste buds. They put a swirl of soft serve ice cream on the side of it and 
let me tell you, that made the whole drink. Hungry yet? 
On appearance of food, I give it a 3. The floats are served with rainbow sprinkles and little toy 
animals on the ice cream which was kind of cool. Really though, what am I going to do with a 
tiny camel? Let it loose in my tiny Sahara Desert? The sprinkles looked like a party but didn't 
make any difference on the taste. The burgers looked sloppy, but not everything has to be super 
pretty to be super good. Like my hamster, he looks crazy but he is really sweet. 
On price, I give it a 3. The burger and fries cost $13.00 and the floats cost $2.99. This is not 
too expensive but don't just come here with your Sunday allowance. Not that I get any. Thanks 
mom. 
For an over all score of 26/30 (-: If you want to have this eXXXcellent root beer at home you 
can buy it in gallons to go. It's a CASH ONLY joint but don't worry, there is an ATM just in 
case. XXX Root Beer is a great place for kids. They have car shows on the weekends so it is a 
great place for dads too. Let's just say it is perfect for families. Take your family there and have 
an eXXXcellent eXXXperience, like I did. 
View article... 
EFTA_R1_00517199 
EFTA02014514

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014515.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
11.1.1
111,13:58 AM 
Subject: Re: B727 charter update 
thanks, will do, 
understand about sloppy„,rm sure there will be odor,. 
In a message dated 8/30/2011 10:42:45 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time, jeevacation@gmail.com writes: 
tell don to approach ivory coast pres, 
On Wed, Aug 31, 2011 at 3:45 AM, a> 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I've been in conversation with Michael McCauley, owner of Universal Jet In Boca, the past few days 
he has viewed the Boeing with his Middle East clients that use his BBJ and GIV's for 
charter,. Michael is very interested in doing a dry lease with our Boeing, We are only responsible for 
insurance and maybe one crew member on board flying, either Dave, Morrison or myself,. He has a 
trip scheduled in the next two weeks for the President of the Ivory Coast, they are willing to pay 
for Dead heading the Boeing to the Ivory Coast, then a couple of trips to Paris, then to NYC for a 
United Nations meeting,. Michael estimates approximately 50 hours of flying for this trip, and would 
like to start a relationship with us for many more trips,. Michael and I discussed possibly $4,000.00 
per hour dry lease. I told Michael the biggest expense will be the charter insurance number, I have a 
conversance call tomorrow scheduled with Michael and his insurance underwriter to discuss the 
premium. Michael's purchasing power with his underwriter is great since they insure over 20 aircraft, 
and we could be included in the fleet discount,.and may be able to include the Gil if numbers look 
good. 
All money is paid up front before the aircraft departs Palm Beach,. This is a long shot if it works out, 
but wanted to share this information at this point,. Michael thinks we could average 25 hours a month 
at minimum if we leave the plane based in Europe. Most trips will be to Europe, either to or from 
Saudi and North African countries, These type of trips could generate a buyer also, since the 
President of the Ivory Coast already owns a B727 and it is down for maintenance at this time. 
I like Michael, he is very good at what he does and successful, he was very honest in saying, 
he wants to make money for you and himself, chartering the Boeing, and has the clientele to pull it 
off. 
I will update you more tomorrow,. 
thanks, 
Larry 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retum e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationearnail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517200 
EFTA02014515

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014516.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation&mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; JE Jailueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
N E M 
Sent: 
Tue 2/1/2011 3:44:17 AM 
Thank you for whatever it is you were so kindly offering me but it's not worth any tension or 
misunderstandings so if I don't hear from you tonight, I am not going to go 
EFTA_R1_00517201 
EFTA02014516

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014517.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014517.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationiagmaitcom[jeeyacationellgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein 
CCueeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
=MEM 
Sent 
Wed 3/14/2012 4:58:22 PM 
Subject: Prof Kosslyn 
Summitintrome-tns-ims-smk-etl-FINAL.doc:c 
I was checking on Prof. Kosslyn's Behavioral Sciences Summit June 29th, 9am-5pm, at Stanford, 
and he has sent along a preliminary draft if you would like to have a look. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "S.M. Kosslyn" < 
Date: March 14 2012 12:53:57 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Here's a prelim draft... Jeffrey knows most of the 20 speakers, I would bet.. but I'll send 
along the bios when they are ready.. 
Thanks much. 
s. 
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / 
Stephen M. Kosslyn 
Director, Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences 
Stanford University 
Alta Road 
Stanford, CA 94305 
voice 
On Mar 14, 2012, at 9:48 AM, 
wrote: 
ok, tremendous...be sure to send me the blurb :) 
On Mar 14, 2012, at 12:47 PM, S.M. Kosslyn wrote: 
It will be on the Stanford campus, from 9:00 AM - 5:00 
PM. I should have the blurb and info on it soon... 
EFTA_R1_00517203 
EFTA02014517
--- PAGE 2 ---
I hope you are well! 
s. 
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / 
/ / / / / / / / / 
Stephen M. Kosslyn 
Director, Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral 
Sciences 
Stanford University 
Alta Road 
Stanford, CA 94305 
voice: 
On Mar 14, 2012, at 6:43 AM, 
wrote: 
Hello Prof. Kosslyn! Hope you are well...I 
was looking at Jeffrey's calendar and I sec 
you have a Behavioral Science Summit June 
29th...can you tell me where this will be held 
and any timing you might know of „just 
wanted to put more details in the calendar. 
Thanks so much, 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_00517204 
EFTA02014518

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014519.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014519.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Sent 
Fri 5/4/2012 1:02:02 AM 
1) http://fapdu.com/x-art-tiffany-thompson-1 
EFTA_R1_00517208 
EFTA02014519

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014520.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Paul Tweed[@] 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
the Mail is going to continue after Andrew. they have changed to using 
sex offender" . Flynn might attack him in parliament 
EFTA_R1_00517209 
EFTA02014520

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014521.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey 
Sent: 
Tue 6/5/2012 1:31:32 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Why is what I do unacceptable 
And your lack if help ok 
EFTA_R1_00517210 
EFTA02014521

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014522.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014522.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation 
maitcom['eevacation©gmail.com Jeffre E stein 'eevacationegmail.com] 
Cc: 
Sarah K 
; Gary Keme 
From: 
< 
Sent 
Thur 8/11/2011 2:13:28 PM 
Subject Re: 
Poles for tennis court lights ordered 4 wks lead time 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug I I, 2011, at 7:57 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jcevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
the chillax room needs more side chairs for sofa.. did the rugs arrive? what about 
the tennis court lights, lights for the flagpole pool 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517211 
EFTA02014522

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014523.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
"Alysha" < Aingimmumum > Date: August 20, 2009 10:34:29 AM EDT To: < 
> Subject: RE: Peggy Flight 
EFTA_R1_00517212 
EFTA02014523

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014524.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014524.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevaeation@gmail.cornueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Steve Hanson 
Sent 
Tue 6/5/2012 10:20:01 AM 
Subject: So what is final status 
Title: So what is final status 
On craig + work done ? 
Sent from Steve Hanson's Blackbeny 
Proud to be the first national multi-concept restaurant group to be certified Green by the Green Restaurant Association 
Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail transmission and any file or previous e-mail attached to it is intended to be viewed only 
by the party to which it is addressed and may contain valuable business infonnation that is confidential and/or otherwise 
protected from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any 
review, disclosure, dissemination or use of any of the information contained in or attached to this transmission is 
STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Thank you for your cooperation. 
EFTA_R1_00517213 
EFTA02014524

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014525.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014525.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationtiNgmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jefffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
ii. ..1.11:59 
PM 
Subject: Bill Scherer 
Bill Scherer is in a meeting and has another directly following. His assistant 
Pauline says she will try to ask him if he could speak with you today. 
EFTA_R1_00517215 
EFTA02014525

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014526.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014526.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation 
mail.combeeyacation@gmail.comb Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 1/5/2011 9:05:28 PM 
Subject Fwd: Re: 
Dear Jeffrey 
Can you help speed up the process I will leave to ny on 15 th o need to finalize everything before 
I leave 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 41111.1.1.11
1.n 
Date: 2 Janua 
+ 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Dear 
The letter is ready. I sent it to Jeff= 's la 
cr for review. 
On Tue, Dec 28, 2010 at 12:30 PM, 
wrote: 
Dear 
An u ate on the apartment 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00517216 
EFTA02014526

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014527.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; jeffrey epsteinlieevacation©gmaitcomj 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 9/10/2012 4:55:10 PM 
Subject: 
update 
Hi Jeffrey, 
I am optimizing your USVI site. It takes a bit of work but is worth it. Am trying to get it to the first page 
like the other two. 
EFTA_R1_00517217 
EFTA02014527

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014528.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014528.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey 
Sent 
Tue 6/5/2012 9:05:31 PM 
First you told me you didn't want Daniel and a budget of 3-4 now Daniel and 7 
EFTA_R1_00517218 
EFTA02014528

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014529.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014529.pdf
----------------------------------------
Your new stove is installed in basement courtesy of Steve. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Richard Barnett 
Date: February 28, 2012 10:25:z.... 
To: 
Cc: " 
Subject: New Gas Stove 
Steve Hanson 
EFTA_R1_00517219 
EFTA02014529

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014530.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014530.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
Subject: Re: Flagpole Pool Proposal 
From: 
"Gary Kerney" .ct
l 
EFTA_R1_00517221 
EFTA02014530

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014531.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014531.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
v ati n 
mil. m 
v 
ti n 
mil. m • J ffir 
in 
v 
tin 
m it. om] 
Cc: 
Lynn and Jojo[ 
Lynn and Jojo 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Tue 12/13/2011 10:33:22 PM 
subject Man Menchel running late 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Matthew I. Menchel" 
Date: December 13, 2011 5:25:19 PM EST 
To: 
Cc: Waleska Moncada 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
On my way. Traffic a bit heavy so I may be a little late. 
Matthew I. Menchel 
KOBRE & KIM LLP 
www.kobrekim.com 
New York I London I Hong Kong I Washington, DC I Miami 
Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff [mailto 
Sent: Monday, December 1.1.1.1. 
To: Matthew I. Menchel 
Cc: Waleska Moncada 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Matt, just wanted to let you know Jeffrey will serve dinner tomorrow night! Come 
hungry...I have let everyone know you will arrive probably somewhere around 
5:30ish. 
Thanks, 
Lesley 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_00517224 
EFTA02014531
--- PAGE 2 ---
This e-mail message is from Kobre & Kim LLP, a law firm, and may contain legally 
privileged and/or confidential information. If the reader of this message is not the 
intended recipient(s), or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the 
message to the intended recipient(s), you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail message is strictly prohibited. 
If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately 
and delete this e-mail message and any attachments from your computer without 
retaining a copy. 
IRS Circular 230 disclosure: Any tax advice contained in this communication (including 
any attachments or enclosures) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot 
be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code 
or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or 
matter addressed in this communication. (The foregoing disclaimer has been 
affixed pursuant to U.S. Treasury regulations governing tax practitioners.) 
EFTA_R1_00517225 
EFTA02014532

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014533.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014533.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Re: 
To: 
"Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
From: 
Receivect
ize,,, 
2012 16:56:41 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00517226 
EFTA02014533

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014534.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014534.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > Date: Tue, 3 Nov 2009 15:41:02.0500 To: 
Felicia Taylor
 > Subject: Re: Hey there.. just got this„ how long are you here 
On Tue, Nov 3, 2009 at 9:01 AM, Felicia Taylor < 
wrote: the weekend totally 
got away from me... what is today like for you? Im spending alot of time in the hospital as Lewis took a 
bad fall. On Wed, Oct 28, 2009 at 6:16 PM, Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation©gmail.com > wrote: 
anytime that is convenient On Wed, Oct 28, 2009 at 4:17 PM, < 
> wrote: 
Wonderful! Tell me when I can come visit 
 ----Original Message--- rom: e rey pstein To: 
Felicia Taylor Sent: Oct 28, 2009 4:10 PM Subject: Re: Hey there.. 
Of course Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 28, 2009, at 6:47 PM, Felicia Taylor < tfl 
> wrote: > Im coming to PB this 
weekend .... are you around!??i??I? 
> FT 
> On May 20, 2009, at 8:01 PM, Jeevacation wrote: > » Of course 
>> Sent from my iPhone >> >> On May 20, 2009, at 9:52 PM, 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00517227 
EFTA02014534

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014535.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014535.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
maitcom 'eeyacation 
maitcom • E tein Jeffre 'eeyacation 
mail.com] 
Cc: 
; lyn 
Fontanilla 
; Lynn and Jojo[ 
; Richard 
Bamett 
From: Li. 
...e
o 
Sent 
Tue 8/21/2012 3:33:49 PM 
Subject 1:30 Lunch/What would you like? 
Michael Wolff has confirmed 1:30 is fine for lunch 
What would you like us to order? 
EFTA_R1_00517228 
EFTA02014535

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014536.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014536.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey 
Sent: 
Wed 4/25/2012 11:46:05 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Charlie not Murray , he now runs Martha Stewart 
EFTA_R1_00517229 
EFTA02014536

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014537.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014537.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Subject: 
To: 
From: 
Sent: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Fw: Meeting in Beijing 
"Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
Wednesday, March 2, 2011 4:17:43 AM 
EFTA_R1_00517230 
EFTA02014537

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014538.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014538.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Silicon Valley is 1 1/2 hours from Carmel Valley... :)) 
Sent: 
Thursday, November 21, 2013 9:13:28 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00517231 
EFTA02014538

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014539.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014539.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
From: 
Barry Josephson 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <j 
Received: 
Tue, 31 May 2011 17:53:18 -0700 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00517232 
EFTA02014539

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014540.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014540.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.compeevacation©gmail.comj: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com) 
From: 
Dan Ariely 
Sent 
Thur 9/20/2012 10:36:13 PM 
Subject: Automatic reply: Are you still at the conference? 
Dear Friend. 
Thanks for your email. 
Chances arc that you won't hear back from me. But please don't take it personally. It's just that my hands don't work very 
well, and typing causes a great amount of pain. To complicate matters, the overwhelming amount of email I get makes it 
impossible for me to keep up. 
So for now I am going to read email but not respond to most of it. I'm not crazy about this approach but it's the best 
approach I have right now. 
I also created a "frequently asked questions" section here: 
http://www.danaricly.com/faq 
EFTA_R1_00517234 
EFTA02014540

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014541.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014541.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sara Patterson 
Date: Tue, May 29, 2012 at 10:59 AM Subject: Ira sporting one of kind sweatshirt 
To: Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacationegmail.com > 
************* ************************ ********************** The information
contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA_R1_00517235 
EFTA02014541

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014542.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Jean Pierre Fancelli 
Sent 
Fri 5/24/2013 6:33:24 PM 
Subject: Re: 
sorry no photos attached 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
Le 24 mai 2013 a 13:45, Jeffrey Epstein leevacationlagmail.com> a emit : 
photos 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517236 
EFTA02014542

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014543.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
maitcom 'eevacation 
mail.comb Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Cc: 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 8/24/2011 7:33:30 PM 
is asking if we can refinish the wooden benches at the end of the beds in rooms 2 and 3 to 
match the lighter finish of the side tables and armoire. Are you OK with that? 
EFTA_R1_00517237 
EFTA02014543

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014544.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014544.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.comUeeyacation@gmail.comb Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 3/6/2012 10:39:37 PM 
Subject: Re: 
What day should I come to Paris? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Tue 6 Mar 2012 11:07:02 -0400 
To: 
Subject
eastern 
On Tue, Mar 6, 2012 at 10:10 AM, <
M- 
wrote: 
When can I call you? 
****** ************ 
WEE** 
***** ***************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517238 
EFTA02014544

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014545.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jemtacation©gmail.com 
From: 
Sarah K 
Sent: 
Friday, March 30, 2012 3:22:25 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00517239 
EFTA02014545

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014546.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Paris 
To: 
"Jeff Epstein' leevacation@gmail.com> 
From: 
Received: 
on,
 Apr 2012 03:10:52 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00517240 
EFTA02014546

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014547.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Richard Steeve Giraud 
Sent 
Sat 9/10/2011 3:33:33 PM 
Subject: Re: Re: 
I know ... 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 10 Sep 2011, at 16:16, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
need to see condition „ and restrictions„ but it is amazing 
On Sat, Sep 10, 2011 at 11:13 AM, Richard Steeve Giraud 
wrote: 
No I don't have more pits at the moment . I can organise a visit and when they 
will accepte we will have more details . 
Do you like it ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 10 Sep 2011, at 14:26, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevaeationagmail.com> wrote: 
can you get photos of the paris house.? I saw it on google maps. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
EFTA_R1_00517241 
EFTA02014547
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517242 
EFTA02014548

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014549.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein [jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Elen capri 
Sent: 
Sun 5/13/2012 10:33:06 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I'm afraid about the immigration I don't know if gonna have problem 
EFTA_R1_00517244 
EFTA02014549

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014550.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmaitcomlleevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Lola M 
Sent 
Wed 10/17/2012 5:40:07 PM 
Subject: RE: 
You are very right, I am not focused enough. I also project a lack of seriousness. 
Subject: Re: RE: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Sun, 14 Oct 2012 11:02:26 +0200 
To: 
Focus 
Sent from my iPad 
On Oct 14, 2012, at 10:57 AM, Lola M 
wrote: 
Of course I am ok. So why would I be more valuable without to you? 
Date: Sun, 14 Oct 2012 09:55:39 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: *ceva tion 
mail om 
To: 
are you ok? you seem so down on yourself? 
On Sun, Oct 14, 2012 at 9:52 AM, Lola M te 
wrote: 
Why? 
Date: Sun, 14 Oct 2012 09:21:12 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacationAgmail.com 
To 
no , you are more valubale without 
On Sun, Oct 14, 2012 at 4:48 AM, Lola M 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00517245 
EFTA02014550
--- PAGE 2 ---
Yes I am. She left. I told you I have no girls so I am 
probably useless to you right? 
Date: Sun, 14 Oct 2012 01:47:03 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacationegmail.com 
To: tolp.mignon@hotmail fr 
you are nuts i have been here all week. where is elana? 
On Sun, Oct 14, 2012 at 12:30 AM, Lola M 
wrote: 
I knew it. 
Date: Sun, 14 Oct 2012 00:04:30 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: .cevacation 
mail.com 
To 
home. and asleep 
On Sun, Oct 14, 2012 at 12:01 AM, Lola M <a> 
wrote: 
So? 
Date: Sat, 13 Oct 2012 21:41:53 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
yes, not sure where yet? 
On Sat, Oct 13, 2012 at 9:38 PM, Lola M 
al=le 
wrote: 
Are you going out? 
EFTA_R1_00517246 
EFTA02014551
--- PAGE 3 ---
Date: Fri, 12 Oct 2012 15:56:38 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@amail.com 
To: IMMIIMINI 
yes 
On Fri, Oct 12, 2012 at 3:28 PM, Lola M 
>s
lir 
Ok, so 
will 
you let 
me 
know 
where 
and 
when? 
Subject: Re: RE: 
From: jecvacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 12 Oct 2012 15:26:39 +0200 
To 
Yes 
Sent from my iPad 
On Oct 12, 2012, at 3:04 PM, Lola M 
Are you, Svetlana and Sue going out this 
weekend? 
wrote: 
Date: Thu, II Oct 2012 17:41:11 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00517247 
EFTA02014552
--- PAGE 4 ---
From: jeevacatioraamail Com 
To 
not until late tonight 
On Thu, Oct 11, 2012 at 5:37 PM, Lola M 
illEIMMInwrote: 
Actually, is Svetlana with you in Paris? 
Date: Wed, 10 Oct 2012 19:13:29 
+0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: 'eevacation 
To: 
yes of course 
On Wed, Oct 10, 2012 at 7:07 PM, 
Lola M 
wrote: 
I have too much work tonight, I 
don't think you would like to see 
a dead looking person tonight. 
Generally speaking, I have no 
girls, do you still want to see me? 
Date: Wed, 10 Oct 2012 
11:03:27 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jecvacation@gmail.com 
To 
two to three weeks... maybe 
tonight? 
On Wed, Oct 10, 2012 at 9:15 
AM, Lola M 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00517248 
EFTA02014553
--- PAGE 5 ---
I really want to see you, 
how long are you staying 
for? 
Date: Tue, 9 Oct 2012 
19:41:41 +0200 
Subject: 
From: 
kevacatiomgemail.com 
To: 
im here 
The information contained 
in this communication is 
confidential, may be 
attorney-client privileged, 
may 
constitute inside 
information, and is 
intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It 
is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of 
this 
communication or any part 
thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If 
you have received this 
communication in error, 
please notify us 
immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail 
to jeevacation@gmail,com,
and 
destroy this communication 
and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_00517249 
EFTA02014554
--- PAGE 6 ---
copyright -all rights 
reserved 
*************************** 
*************************** 
***** 
The information contained in this 
communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-
client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and 
is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the 
property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
copying of this 
communication or any part 
thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this 
communication in error, please 
notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jecvaeationegmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this 
communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is 
intended only for 
EFTA_R1_00517250 
EFTA02014555
--- PAGE 7 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the 
property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is 
strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this 
communication in error, please notify us 
immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
kevacationOgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all 
copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
************************ 
**********
 *** 
********************** 
The information contained in this 
communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, 
may 
constitute inside information, and is intended 
only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of 
this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us 
immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights 
reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517251 
EFTA02014556
--- PAGE 8 ---
*** 
***************************** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
******************
 ********* 
****
 ****** 
* **************
******* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
********************************************************* 
** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA_R1_00517252 
EFTA02014557
--- PAGE 9 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
***************** 
********** 
****************** 
************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517253 
EFTA02014558
--- PAGE 10 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to Lees acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517254 
EFTA02014559

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014560.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014560.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation 
mail.com Jeffrey E teen 'eevacation 
maitcom] 
Cc: 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Fri 10/5/2012 6:23:47 PM 
Subject 
Re: Tim Zagat 
Tim immediately came up with Roberto's in the Bronx...he says he thinks you and the crew would 
enjoy it. Tim also said he will call you to discuss further. 
A time has not been set...! 
I found this on the intemet: Ism://www.robeno089.com/ 
On Oct 5, 2012, at 2:15 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
and me 
On Fri, Oct 5, 2012 at 2:14 PM, Lesley Groff ‹
> wrote: 
nice! I will tell Tim...did you want to give an estimate on how many pp will go 
with you? 
On Oct 5, 2012, at 2:12 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
lets go somewehre very very ethnic, italian, viemamese, strange 
place. 
On Fri, Oct 5, 2012 at 2:06 PM, Lesley Groff ‹
> wrote: 
Ray Dalio not around 
I will ask Woody re Sunday or Monday. 
Please advise if you prefer to go out on Sunday or stay in AND how many pcoplc 
will be at the dinner. 
On Oct 5, 2012, at 2:04 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
ask him if he invited ray dailo .? also ask woody allen 
if he is around sun or mond and has time for a coffee or 
walk? 
On Fri, Oct 5, 2012 at 1:59 PM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00517255 
EFTA02014560
--- PAGE 2 ---
Tim Zagat if you prefer to go out to dinner or stay in 
at your house...if you want to stay in, Tim wants to 
import the dinner. Also, Tim needs to know how 
many people you will have on your end. 
Tim is in the country and can be reached at 
Please advise if you prefer to go out or stay in AND how many people will be 
at the dinner. 
*************
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationAgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to joevacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517256 
EFTA02014561
--- PAGE 3 ---
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517257 
EFTA02014562

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014563.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014563.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
Mon. 16 Apr 2012 06:00:57=20 
To: 
Subject: 
=20 
EFTA_R1_00517258 
EFTA02014563

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014564.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014564.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcomUeevacabonellgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Bamaby Marsh 
Sent 
Thur 12/15/2011 12:37:39 AM 
Subject Re: 
Jeff-
Regrets for the delay. I get into the city late Friday night, and am ther all weekend, and perhaps 
monday. Saturday, we are planning to cook lunch with Linda, then take a walk (perhaps in the 
park), maybe find a quite spot or do something else that afternoon together with Linda, Michelle, 
and Mandarin. It will be fun - FYI, I never do such things, so this will be different from the norm. 
We have not decided what we will do in the afternoon between 2pm and 5pm yet, but would 
LOVE it if you wanted to join us, and join what will be a fun conversation (or, let me know if 
there is a favorite place you recommend?). A problem is that since it is a weekend, there arc 
hordes of people in lots of places- we do our best to avoid them. Or, I could come (by myself) 
Sunday, anytime. Let me know. 
-B. 
On Tue, Dec 13, 2011 at 8:04 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
time? 
****************** Mk* ********* *************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517259 
EFTA02014564

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014565.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation©gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com» Date: Sat. 11 
Jun 2011 22:24:47 To: < 
 Subject: 
im here 
EFTA_R1_00517260 
EFTA02014565

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014566.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014566.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.con[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent: 
Thur 5/17/2012 3:08:04 PM 
Subject: Re: Cannes 
Sitting next to Brett Ratner...he produced Woody's 3 hour documentary that just 
was shown at Cannes. We are about to see Roman Polanski documentary. Brett says 
hi and he loves you! 
EFTA_R1_00517261 
EFTA02014566

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014567.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014567.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.conteevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
.10/7/2012 3:02:45 PM 
Subject: 
is here 
She is asking if she can come up to you, I said I would ask you 
EFTA_R1_00517263 
EFTA02014567

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014568.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
maitconteevacation©gmail.com]; Je vacation[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 415/2012 8:57:23 PM 
Subject: Re: 
That's a perfect idea, good maneuvering ability and smooth operation for towing the 430 into 
hanger 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 5 A r 2012 16:54:12 -0400 
To: 
Subject: 
try to find an electric ATV in florida 
******************** 
******** ******************************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517265 
EFTA02014568

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014569.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014569.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
To: 
"Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
From: 
Received: 
Mon, 15 Aug 2011 18:26:18 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00517266 
EFTA02014569

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014570.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation©gmail.com> 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
EFTA_R1_00517267 
EFTA02014570

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014571.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
Subject: Re: 
To: 
"Jeffrey epstein" cjeevacation@gmail.com> 
From: 
Received: 
on, 
pr 
00:06:23 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00517268 
EFTA02014571

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014572.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014572.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.compeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
BMG 
Sent 
Tue 2/7/2012 10:37:00 AM 
Subject Re: 
We will open the wall up when you leave 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Fcb 6, 2012, at 10:00 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@smail.com> wrote: 
the leak in the master bedroom that has been on the list for weeks and that we talk 
about today„ has now caused the wood floor to warp, as you enter the bathroom.. 
*t*t*t*t*t*t*t*****t*t*t*t*t*t***t***t*t***t*t*t*t*t*t*t*t* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517270 
EFTA02014572

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014573.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014573.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic (bgC3) 
Sent: 
Tue 2/1/2011 5:45:44 AM 
Subject: RE: 
He is great. 
So are you! 
This is why we are friends! 
He really liked you a lot ( can judge it)! 
Sent from my Samsung JackTM, a Windows Mobile® smartphone from AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, February 01, 2011 12:42 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic (bgC3) 
Subject: 
ireally had fun „ thanks. 
******************************************* 
**************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationCitgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517271 
EFTA02014573

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014574.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
ur 
3:37:01 PM 
Subject: Eva called - she is at home 
EFTA_R1_00517273 
EFTA02014574

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014575.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Cc: 
Jeffrey E tein'eevacation©gmail.com]; 
Gro 
From: 
L 
Sent 
Wed 8/29/2012 4:57:36 PM 
Subject: Re: Change of schedule 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gm  si
m 
Agree totally 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 29, 2012, at 12:35 PM, 
wrote:
working on flights. 
Do you have Bobby Slayton's contact info so I can get his travel details to 
organize apt? 
I think it's a good idea to try Lyn's sister. I really think we need one person to take care of 
and organize all the apts. and to help Lyn at 7Ist as well. I don't think logistically 
using the cleaning services works in the long run. There is always issues with 
laundry, organizing the sheets, towels, cleaning supplies, bathroom supplies, 
changing light bulbs, emptying out the drawers and closets. People leave things in 
the apts all the time and a cleaning service just does the bare essentials and nothing 
extra. We need someone who can take responsibility for all these things, can go 
out and buy needed supplies, keep things organized, etc.. 
On Aug 29, 2012, at 7:02 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
karyna fri alone, 
return to ny monday, 
coordinate with) 
• 
, heli to arrive lsj 5 
morning of 7. dinner with woody and bobby slayton ( 
set aside 
apt for him )-- 
brice 
schedule , TBD, januz ny 11, 
should we try lynns sister,?? 
come to lsj monday karyna , 
o ny from moscow sat. ( 
mother to ny cues 4 return 14 
me , leave evening of 6 or 
#RRRRRRRRRRRRR**
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
; Lesley 
EFTA_R1_00517274 
EFTA02014575
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517275 
EFTA02014576

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014577.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeNmail.comfjeevacation@gma .coml: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Cc: 
Klein, Joel 
From: 
Joichi Ito 
Sent 
Sat 5/25/2013 8:34:50 AM 
Subject Re: 
Thanks Jeffrey. 
Hi Joel. Nice to meet you! New Corp. is a sponsor of the Media Lab. Would love to connect 
sometime. Are you based in New York? 
- Joi 
On May 24, 2013, at 11:31 , Jeffrey Epstein leevacation Pamail.com> wrote: 
jocl joe„ joejocl. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@grnail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Tips for mastering email overload - pls read - http-//hbswk.hbs.edu/archive/4438 html 
My Blog - http://loi.ito.COm/ 
My Photos - http://www.flickr.com/photos/ioi/ 
Facebook Profile - http://www.facebook.com/joiito 
Linkedln Profile - htto://www.linkedin.com/innoiito 
Twitter - htto://twitter.comnoi/ 
EFTA_R1_00517276 
EFTA02014577

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014578.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014578.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation&mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffres[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Yfke 
Sent: 
Sat 4/7/2012 11:12:41 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Hows puerto rico? 
EFTA_R1_00517277 
EFTA02014578

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014579.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014579.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
ri 1/ 
/ 
4:13:00 PM 
Subject: 
you would like this guy... 
http://www.siliconrepublic.com/start-ups/item/25429-intervicw-with-cric-rics 
EFTA_R1_00517278 
EFTA02014579

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014580.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
csarnoff 
To: 
David Mitchell 
Subject: Private 
Sent: 
Jun 30, 2011 12:51 PM 
EFTA_R1_00517280 
EFTA02014580

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014581.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014581.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com > Date: Sat, 11 Sep 2010 19:53:35 -0400 To: < 
Sub ect: Re: i will be in town all week. On Sat, Sep 11, 2010 at 7:51 PM, 
< 
wrote: 
Ok! Sent via BlackBer y from T-Mobile From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < 
jeevacation@gmail.com > 
Date: Sat, 11 Sep 2010 19:51:28 -0400 To: 
EFTA_R1_00517281 
EFTA02014581

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014582.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationftmaitcom[jeeyacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Ian Osborne 
Sent 
Thur 8/18/2011 8:20:14 AM 
Subject Re: 
I'm around. Just finishing with Yuri, as he heads to the airport. 
What time works for you? 
Should I stay and join you and Pritzker for part of tonight? I've got to be back in London early 
tomorrow, but can move things today if it is fun/ useful. 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmalcom> 
Date: Thu, 18 Aug 2011 09:39:08 +0200 
To: Ian Osborne<la 
Subject: 
schedule? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517282 
EFTA02014582

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014583.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.combeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
on / 
/ 
9:59:44 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Did you get my other two messages from yesterday and today? 
Von: Jeffre E stein <.eevacation 
mail.com> 
An: 
Gesen et: 
: 
ontag, 
. ärz 
Betreff: Re: 
just did„ what happened? 
On Mon, Mar 26, 2012 at 11:41 PM, 
I am not sure, did you get my messages? So how can I have pleasure? 
Von: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationegmail com> 
An: 
Gesendet: 22:54 Sonntag, 25.März 2012 
Betreff: Re: 
won't be back in paris until morning. sorry 
On Sun, Mar 25, 2012 at 6:54 PM, 
I feel like I might be too pushy, am I? I should maybe stop and wait. 
Von: jeffrey epstein <jeevacationeqmail.corn>
An: 
Gesendet: 18:45 Sonntag, 25.Marz 2012 
Betreff: Re: 
wrote: 
wrote: 
Not home until much later 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhonc 
On Mar 25, 2012, at 6:38 PM, 
wrote:
Maybe now? 
Von: Jeffre E stein < eevacatione mail.com> 
An: 
Gesen e : 
onn ag, 
arz 
Betreff: Re: 
ok 
EFTA_R1_00517283 
EFTA02014583
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Sun, Mar 25, 2012 at 1:36 PM, 
wrote: 
Please write me on my phone if you have time, I won't be able to check my mails. 
Thank you. 
Von: .effre e stein <eevacation 
mail.com> 
An: 
Gesendet: 11:49 Samstag, 24.Marz 2012 
Betreff: Re: 
Tonight is work 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhonc 
On Mar 24, 2012, at 10:43 AM, 
So you don't want to go out tonight? 
Von: 'effre e stein <.eevacation 
mail.com> 
An: 
Gesendet: 10:30 Samstag, 24.Marz 2012 
Betreff: Re: 
wrote: 
Tomorow? 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhonc 
On Mar 24, 2012, at 9:55 AM, C 
wrote: 
Do you have time today? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA_R1_00517284 
EFTA02014584
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof; 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ice\ acarion@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA_R1_00517285 
EFTA02014585
--- PAGE 4 ---
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517286 
EFTA02014586

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014587.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevaeationegmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmail.com[jeevaeation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Gmax 
Sent 
Mon 3/21/2011 1:03:44 AM 
Subject 
Fw: Emma askari 
Title: Fw: Emma askari 
FYI 
— Original Message — 
From: Gmax 
To: iteimplei<rld@dgi-nyesorn> 
Sent: Sun Mar 20 21:02:05 201 I 
Subject: Re: Emma askari 
I realise this Bob - let's discuss tomorrow 
I have a tactic in the Uk that will help US 
— Original Message —
From: Robert Dilenschneider 
To: Gmax 
Sent: Sun Mar 20 21:00:25 2011 
Subject: RE: Emma askari 
Dear G. We should discuss what this means...any more attention to this matter in any way in the USA is not going to be 
good or your image. Bob 
From: GMAX 
tilio.
Sent: Sunday, March 20, 2011 8:39 PM 
To: Robert Dilenschneider, Ross gow 
Subject: Re: Emma askari 
I have also been asked to do a 1 page in NY times! Let's discuss 
Thx 
On 3/20/11 20:37 PM, 'GMAX" •,
1). wrote: 
Let's discuss 
Hope you had a great w/e 
Thx 
Emma is a very dear friend of mine and has been asked by vanity fair to do a piece on Andrew-
Her email address is below. She would appreciate any help from your lawyers/or to ensure that the piece is fair and 
balanced 
Emma re
EFTA_R1_00517287 
EFTA02014587

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014588.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation gmail.com] Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 1/4/2012 8:00:01 PM 
Subject Re: 
Tried u in the house. Are you in? 
I'm on 74th st 
I love this, it's remarkable how refreshing, cathartic even discussing these concepts feel to me and 
it makes me laugh 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 3 Jan 2012 18:41:00 -0500 
To: Shelley Lewisfl 
Subject: 
http://vvww.huffingtonpost.com/bianca-jameskthical-slut-polyamory-altemativeth 969902.html 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvaeation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517288 
EFTA02014588

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014589.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014589.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jefffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 9/26/2011 11:33:10 AM 
Subject: Reminder 
Reminder 
in paris 
EFTA_R1_00517289 
EFTA02014589

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014590.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeggmail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Karim Shuliak 
Sent 
Tue 1/31/2012 7:09:29 PM 
Subject Re: 
Ok, what time do you think you'll be free? 
On Jan 31, 2012 2:08 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevaeation(elum.iii 'OIII> wrote: 
in fact don't worry i have dinner with woody at 6 „ come whenver you like. 
On Tue, Jan 31, 2012 at 2:06 PM, Karina Shuliak •S• 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, can I please come a little later? I have something to do 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ices acationRgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517290 
EFTA02014590

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014591.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation 
mail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com] Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
fl 
: 
:57 AM 
Subject 
Re: 
Will do 
On Mar 8, 2012, at 8:30 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
have 
go up on sat morning or fri 
she should make a list of things that 
need to get done. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517291 
EFTA02014591

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014592.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcomfjeevacation©gmaitcom]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Larry Summers 
Sent 
Sat 4/20/2013 11:04:07 PM 
Subject Re: 
Tried you back on phone. Going out for a while but then reachable on 
Please note my new email address: 
On Apr 20, 2013, at 11:54 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail C0111> wrote: 
qataris , in tomorw and monday„ mongolia waiting 
*********************************************************** 
-the information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517292 
EFTA02014592

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014593.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014593.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffres[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Thur 6/30/2011 7:12:21 PM 
So her husband is an entrepreneur and interested in science. She wants for the two of you to 
meet. 
Bath Knapp — 
EFTA_R1_00517293 
EFTA02014593

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014594.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation 
mail.com ; Jeffre E stein 'eevacation@gmail.com]; 
rom: 
aryna 
u is 
Sent: 
Sat 4/27/2013 5:06:32 PM 
Subject: What if Guys and Girls Changed Roles at the Gym 
https://www.youtubc.com 
atch?‘ --11_m8CdPNA HS 
EFTA_R1_00517294 
EFTA02014594

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014595.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein(jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Cc: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject 
Brice 
Lesley Groff 
Fri 4/20/2012 2:01:19 PM 
Jack Homer to Ranch 
Jack Homer says to please tell you he would love to see your ranch and he would be available to 
come any day after July 25th. 
Jack Horner 
EFTA_R1_00517297 
EFTA02014595

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014596.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
Wed 9 Nov 2011 23:45:59 
To: 
EFTA_R1_00517300 
EFTA02014596

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014597.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
maitcom 'eevacation@gmail.com] Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Cc: 
From: 
brice gordon 
Sent 
Wed 4/11/2012 2:57:33 PM 
Subject Danny Vicars 
as discussed, 
We would highly recommend that Danny Vicars should remain as part of the future crew as head 
of IT,Electrical maintenance department. 
In effect he would be replacing Gary Moses. 
Danny is presently employed by Island Grounds employees as the Batch Plant operator, annual 
wage of $71,825.00 per year, not including any overtime. 
I propose the following Salary, $76000.00 with Payroll taxes and medical, total package would 
$106,870.00 per years 
Gary Moses was on $76000.00 with a total of $100,363.00 per year 
The difference is Danny wishes to have his wife on his Medical Insurance 
Proposed transfer date from IG to LSJ would be April 16th, 2012 
Jeanne calculated Payroll Taxes 
do you approve 
Brice Gordon 
Little Saint James 
EFTA_R1_00517301 
EFTA02014597

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014598.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.conteevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Sat 4/9/2011 11:36:43 PM 
Subject: Re: 
ok 
On Sun, Apr 10, 2011 at 12:31 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
set up the morrocan guy to come to the house anyday 
On Sun, Apr 10, 2011 at 1:30 AM, 
wrote: 
I ordered some online. Have been into pharmacies wherever I have been but havent found 
anything I am happy with (black vintage with wide temples). Think the best I have seen are 
the ones I have ordered, will keep looking 
On Sat, Apr 9, 2011 at 7:31 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
my glasses„ please do not forget these things, i don't ask you to find much„ 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA_R1_00517303 
EFTA02014598
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517304 
EFTA02014599

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014600.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014600.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationftmail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Hosain Rahman 
Sent 
Fri 5/24/2013 3:15:58 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Didn't want to let you down again. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 23, 2013, at 10:04 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jpevacationegmail corn> wrote: 
they said you did a great job 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517306 
EFTA02014600

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014601.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationQgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Wed 6/8/2011 7:08:44 PM 
Subject: 
midnight express deal 
Jeffrey, 
I am working another deal for a car in trade for Midnight express,. 
Adam Gorden, I think he said his uncle is Morris at the Toy Store,. Nice kid, owns the Fort Lauderdale 
Collection, an exotic car and Bentley dealer, he said he would trade what ever car you like he has in 
inventory,.for the boat, or multiple cars,. He spoke to Harris at Midnight today, Adam's plan is to trade-in the 
Verado 275HP engines we have installed and Harris will install new triple Verado 300HP.. he is ready to deal, 
and could pay cash for the boat if you can't find a car you like for trade,. he want the boat this weekend, he is 
motivated I think 
here is his web sight,. 
http://www.fortlauderdalecollection.corn1 
EFTA_R1_00517307 
EFTA02014601

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014602.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 
From: 
Subject: 
Sent: 
Wednnesdaay, May 25, 2011 2:31:37 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00517308 
EFTA02014602

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014603.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
David Stern < ds@agc-capital.com > 
To: 
Sent: 
Tue Jan 25 05:53:49 2011 
Subject: 
number 
EFTA_R1_00517309 
EFTA02014603

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014604.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Je vacation[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 4/19/2011 3:29:35 PM 
Subject: Re: 6th floor / S76 
Very good, shall I bring S76 to st thomas before our arrival? 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 19 A r 2011 11:26:54 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: 6th floor / S76 
We fly on the 26 Isj evening 
Sent from my iPad 
On Apr 19, 2011, at 10:58 AM. 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
The earliest date I can meet with FAA on sighing our 125 Ops for Boeing manual is April 26, 
Tuesday, please advise Gulfstream flights for next week? I can always postpone the date and 
re schedule later in the week,. 
S76 should be completed today and ready to depart to St. Thomas if you desire,.?? 
I think its important for me to be present to help Nick calibrate the 6th floor subs and picture 
color,.Nick is able to return to NY tomorrow Wednesday to install the lens. 
Should I come to NY and pick up S76 and Help Nick before heading south with S76? 
thank you, 
Larry 
EFTA_R1_00517310 
EFTA02014604

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014605.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014605.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 4/10/2012 3:14:00 PM 
Title: Multimedia Message Jermaine will be talcia 
to the airport shall I have him pick up 
and bring her to Red Hook as it will all be about the same time? 
EFTA_R1_00517311 
EFTA02014605

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014606.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014606.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationftmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jefffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
:44:59 PM 
Subject: 
nd Hanson job 
has appt set up for Saturday 4/2, 3pm at Widwood w/ Zach (GM) and Greta (reservation manager). We will 
get 
all set up. 
EFTA_R1_00517312 
EFTA02014606

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014607.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
ed 1 /14/ 11 10:56:19 PM 
Subject: Darren called 
EFTA_R1_00517314 
EFTA02014607

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014608.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
• 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]: Epstein Jeffrey[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Fri 4/20/2012 1:21:07 PM 
Subject: Reminder 
You wanted glen dubin to ask Nat Rothschild what he thought of Dr Chrostopher 
Bremner (not sure if he gave you an answer directly) 
EFTA_R1_00517316 
EFTA02014608

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014609.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmaiLcomj: Larry Visoski[lvjet©aoLcomj 
Cc: 
Jeffrey Epsteinfieevacation©gmaiLcomj 
From: 
brice gordon 
Sent 
Mon 6/11/2012 6:59:01 PM 
Subject: Re: Gem Car 
Larry have already contacted Broward motor sports in PBI with order, is there any other dealers 
in or location. 
On Mon, Jun I I, 2012 at 11:33 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
we should try, tarry , we will need five bikes and two mules.. 
On Mon, Jun I I, 2012 at 10:29 AM, brice gordon 
wrote: 
FYI 
Larry will try after heli interior meeting today to test drive a gem car in Lauderdale, west palm 
dealer does not stock units 
Brice Gordon 
Little Saint James 
USVI 
************** 
************************ 
********************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation(2lgmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Brice Gordon 
EFTA_R1_00517317 
EFTA02014609
--- PAGE 2 ---
Little Saint James 
USVI 
Phone: 
EFTA_R1_00517318 
EFTA02014610

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014611.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
From: 
Subject: 
Sent: 
Tuesday, April 12, 2011 7:53:58 PM 
To: 
Jeffirey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00517320 
EFTA02014611

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014612.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com > 
To: 
Faith Kates 
Sent: 
Sat Dec 24 07:56:40 2011 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00517322 
EFTA02014612

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014613.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014613.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Cecile de Jongh 
Sent: 
Mon 11/28/2011 4:36:31 PM 
Subject: Re: IMPORTANT - EDC Application Fee 
OK 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, and 
protected from disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that any dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
immediately and delete all copies. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
To: Cecile de Jongh <ceciledejongh@yahoo.com> 
Sent: Monday, November 28, 2011 11:34 AM 
Subject: Re: IMPORTANT - EDC Application Fee 
i will come to the oftiice at 2 
On Mon, Nov 28, 2011 at 11:55 AM, Cecile dc Jongh < 
Jeffrey, 
wrote: 
We need to pay a $5,000 application fee to the EDA for Financial Ballistics. They 
have confirmed receipt of the application and now need the fee. We will be paying 
them with a check from your personal First Bank account. I can send the check over 
to LSJ for your signature, if you would like. This needs to be done today. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, 
and protected from disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the 
sender immediately and delete all copies. 
EFTA_R1_00517323 
EFTA02014613
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to icevacationftgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517324 
EFTA02014614

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014615.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014615.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein 
CCUeeyacation 
rnail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: Bill Scherer 
Mon 1/23/2012 9:20:39 PM 
Bill Scherer has not returned your phone call. I sent an email to his assistant 
as well following up... 
EFTA_R1_00517325 
EFTA02014615

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014616.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation 
er.cw 
From: 
David Stem 
Sent 
Saturday, February 26, 2011 1:16:08 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00517326 
EFTA02014616

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014617.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.comueevacationagmail.comj: Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 12/1/2011 9:04:39 PM 
Subject 
Re: Wurman should call in 10 minutes 
Sure thing... 
Portable 
Work 
On Dec 1, 2011, at 4:02 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
would n't it make more sense for you to include his phone number , 
thanks 
On Thu, Dec I, 2011 at 4:47 PM 
wrote: 
reminder: Wurman should be calling your cell in 10 or so minutes 
***** ****************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOgmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517327 
EFTA02014617

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014618.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
maitcon[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Subject Re: Re: Re: 
Sun 9/25/2011 7:34:09 PM 
is it possible 19.30-20O ill come with her. 
i II check with her as well 
Best regards, 
Ornpasacno c iPhonc 
25.09.2011, B 21:08, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®nmail.com> minacan(a): 
ok 
2011/9/25 
want to see 
tomorrow? 
Best regards, 
Ornpaaneao c iPhone 
25.09.2011, B 20:46, Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacationegmail.com> Hanacan(a): 
and others 
2011/9/25 
9? 
Best regards, 
Ornpasnetto c iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00517328 
EFTA02014618
--- PAGE 2 ---
25.09.2011, a 20:25, Jeffrey Epstein -lee\ ilea lion/it/wait Corn> Hanncan(a): 
when" 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jes% acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to je
ac
:-. 
 gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
***********************************************************
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_00517329 
EFTA02014619
--- PAGE 3 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517330 
EFTA02014620

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014621.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014621.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Craig Martin 
Sent 
Thur 5/17/2012 2:10:51 PM 
Subject: Re: B & K working at Zorro 
OK 
Thanks 
C 
From: Jeffrey E stein < eevacation 
mail.com> 
To: Craig Martin 
Sent: Thursday, May 17, 2012 9:48 AM 
Subject: Re: B & K working at Zorro 
brice should only leave the island after me„ i will be there until the 18th 
On Thu, May 17, 2012 at 3:45 PM, Craig Martin .:
wrote: 
Jeffery; 
Assuming that you arc going to the ranch July 1st. 
Was thinking Brice should go to Zorro around June 8th to get property ready. 
Karen towards the end of the month., depending when you leave the island. 
Your suggestions? 
I will be talking to Rich this morning about Zorro projects/ pricing. We will need your input 
soon. 
• Stucco work 
• well 
• phone switch 
• ATV's 
Craig 
***********************************************************
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_00517331 
EFTA02014621
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to ice\ acationOgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517332 
EFTA02014622

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014623.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014623.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jefffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 7/20/2011 4:22:23 PM 
Subject Fwd: Message for Lesley: Dr. Kaplan 
Do you want me to call dr Kaplan? He wants to know if ok for him to give anisa our office 
number...do I tell him ok to give her our number? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: ann rodriquez <annrodriquez@yahoo.com>
Date: July 20, 2011 12:14:39 PM EDT 
Subject: Message for 
Dr. Kaplan 
Re: Anisha is suppose to come in tomorrow. 
Note: He would like to speak to you when you have a chance. 
EFTA_R1_00517333 
EFTA02014623

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014624.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014624.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.cont Jeffreleevacationegmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
ritill
ir
iM 
PM 
Subject: Re: 
Haven't seen him yet. See you at 12! 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 19 Nov 2011 07:57:58 -0500 
To: 
Subject: 
did you ever see dr. ting .. come at 12 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationQgmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517334 
EFTA02014624

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014625.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014625.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.comueeyacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmaii cam] 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: RE: 
Sat 8/18/2O12 1:32:36 PM 
Ok how many 
I did want to talk but didn't hear back from you so wasn't sure 
Attending now. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 8/18/2012 5:39 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
get some adtional pair of glasses i thought you wanted to talk yesterday? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to ices acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517335 
EFTA02014625

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014626.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeff, 
We're done on the WTI Nov 2011 150 calls at 15 cents on 1,000,000 barrels. Total premium you pay 
$150,000. 
Thanks, 
Amanda 
Amanda Ens 
J.P.Morgan I Global Investment Opportunities Group 
W 57th Street, 33rd Floor, New York, NY 10019 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax 
matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, 
in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & 
Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax•related penalties. 
This is not an official confirmation. 
EFTA_R1_00517336 
EFTA02014626
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA_R1_00517337 
EFTA02014627

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014628.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014628.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
jeffrey epstein 
Sent: 
Mon 10/24/2011 11:24:37 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Call this morning 
EFTA_R1_00517338 
EFTA02014628

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014629.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation©gmail.comj: Jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
Cc: 
From: 
Sent 
Sun 1/22/2012 8:09:02 PM 
Subject Re: 
ok 
On Sun, Jan 22, 2012 at 3:04 PM, jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Please have all photos printed this week 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00517340 
EFTA02014629

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014630.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014630.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Re: 
To: 
"Epstein" <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
From: 
Sent: 
Thursday, April 26, 2012 12:02:32 AM 
EFTA_R1_00517341 
EFTA02014630

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014631.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014631.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comjjeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
James P. McGee 
Sent 
Sun 4/7/2013 7:59:08 PM 
Subject: Next Time 
Figured you were tied up this weekend 
I fly out tomorrow at 2:00 PM 
I'll try to catch up with you next time I am in the territory 
McGee 
EFTA_R1_00517342 
EFTA02014631

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014632.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014632.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
martin nowak (rnadto 
Subject: Re: RE:=20 
thank you so much. 
do you have news regarding his visit? 
EFTA_R1_00517343 
EFTA02014632

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014633.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
From: 
nili priell 4.00.1.1.10Min 
To: 
'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Sent: 
Saturday, November 24, 2012 9:32:37 AM 
EFTA_R1_00517344 
EFTA02014633

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014634.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeNmaltconteeyacationftmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 5/31/2011 11:23:39 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I have pete's email address also. Would you like me to email petc ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 31, 2011, at 7:17 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
did you call briger? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517345 
EFTA02014634

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014635.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014635.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.comijeevacation@gmail.comj: jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
on 
:06:13 PM 
Subject: Re: Jose Luis Contreras-Vidal 
ok, great...i will email him requesting a call... 
On Aug 1, 2011, at 11:03 AM, jeffrey epstein wrote: 
Funding him 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 1, 2011, at 5:00 PM, a 
wrote: 
I have not heard back from Contreras-Vidal...we have his email 
address...would you like me to send him an email requesting a time to 
speak with you this week? If so, please let me know what I should 
tell him about you...he asked me why you wished to speak with 
him...Vidal did say he is always happy to speak about his research, 
but I think he does want to know why you are interested... 
Let me know if I should email him re setting up a call this week. (he 
is busy all day today as a reminder) 
phone 
EFTA_R1_00517346 
EFTA02014635

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014636.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014636.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein ieevacation©gmail.com> 
Sent: Friday, April 12, 2013 8:22 PM 
Subject: Re: pic's 
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
Sent: Friday, April 12, 2013 5:46 PM 
Subject: Re: pic's 
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationepgmail.com> 
Sent: Friday, April 12, 2013 4:18 PM 
Subject: pic's 
EFTA_R1_00517347 
EFTA02014636

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014637.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014637.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeevacation < jeevacation@gmail.com > 
To: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent: 
Sat Jun 27 07:04:52 2009 
Subject: Re: July 22 
EFTA_R1_00517348 
EFTA02014637

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014638.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014638.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.conteevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 10/20/2011 12:40:17 PM 
Subject: Re: Zorro ATVs 
Will do thank you 
On Oct 20, 2011 6:36 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
yes, please 
On Wed, Oct 19, 2011 at 4:45 PM, 
wrote: 
Hi Mr. Epstein 
Are you interested in purchasing a Mule and ATVs for the ranch if so would you like for me to 
get pricing on them. 
Thank you 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jgcvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517349 
EFTA02014638

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014639.pdf
----------------------------------------
Title: Fw: Cielo 
Let's chat when u get a moment or when I sec u later 
Xoxoxo 
CORE: Jennie Saunders I Founder & Chairman I 
www.coreaceess.net 
roE
enian 
—Original
sh
 Man
es 
F 
so
mmormin
To: 'Santoro, Vincent' 
'Izidor Mikhli, Esq. 
CC: 'Sroka, Neal' ININFINIIIIIMMINIMIL>; Jennie Saunders 
Sent: Thu Dec 16 01:10:41 2010 
Subject: RE: Cielo 
Gentleman, 
The short sale is not approved at that number you are offering. I appreciate the offer; however, that number will not close 
the deal as the bank determines the price based on fair market value and the banks appraisal. The current owner does not 
have a say in the matter or this deal would have been accepted a long time ago. Price is determined by the bank and the 
investor of this particular loan. Please understand the existing mortgage on the property is over S500K and the bank is 
willing to accept a loss of roughly 100K. The bank had previously approved 425K with a seller contribution of 10K. I am 
working on renewing the previous approval that was issued the Berskins provided they are still interested in moving 
forward. My past experience with short sales is that the bank will not accept a lower number the second time around as 
they have had the property appraised and their investor feels that this is fair market value. If your client still wishes to 
proceed it will be my pleasure to work with you. Please keep me posted and feel free to contact me with any question you 
may have. 
Israel 
From: Santoro. Vincent lmailto:VJS(adeworldwide.corn)
Sent: Wednesday, December 15, 2010 10:08 AM 
To: shenkinan@twefixmongages.com: Izidor Mikhli. Esq. 
Cc: Sroka, Neal 
Subject: FW: Cielo 
See below, please advise 
From: Michelle Breskin bnailto:michellebreskinqi resnewyork coml
Sent: Wednesday, December 15, 201010:05 AM 
To: Santoro, Vincent 
Subject: Re: Cielo 
EFTA_R1_00517350 
EFTA02014639
--- PAGE 2 ---
Vincent, 
Thank you for Getting back to us yesterday. 
Please notify your seller that our offer of $410,000 is Finn. 
Regards 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 9. 2010, at 10:11 AM. "Santoro. Vincent" <
> wrote: 
Good morning Michelle, 
Can you give me a call on this when you have a moment? 
Thanks. 
VS 
Vincent Santoro 
PDE/DEWC 
MIN 
From: Michelle areskin 
To: Santoro, Vincent 
Sent: Tue Nov 16 10:30:20 2010 
Subject: Re: Cielo 
Vincent, 
Any news? 
On Tue, 2 Nov 2010 20:52:59 -0400, "Santoro, Vincent" wrote: 
Michelle, 
I put a call in to the banks rep ysinly and will he in touch as soon as I hear back. VS 
Vincent Santoro 
PDE/DEWC 
EFTA_R1_00517351 
EFTA02014640
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Michelle Breskin <michellebreskin@resnewyorlc.com> 
To: Santoro, Vincent 
Sent: Sat Oct 30 09:53:00 2010 
Subject: Re: Cielo 
Vincent, 
I apprecaite all your effort to get this deal back on track. 
So that we can plan accordingly. please confirm as to level of intent to move (onward and whether there will be a 
response to our offer. 
On Tue, 26 Oct 2010 21:16:40 -0400, "Santoro. Vincent" wrote: 
Michelle. 
Need to close this by Friday. Plz give me a call tnuw and I'll get everyone on the phone to resolve any outstanding 
issues. 
VS 
Vincent Santoro 
PDE / DEWC 
From: Michelle Brcskin 
To: Santoro, Vincent 
Sent: Tue Oct 26 21:03:54 2010 
Subject: Re: Cielo 
Vincent, 
Thanks for following up with me, I will get back to you by Thursday the latest. 
Thanks. 
Michelle Brcskin 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 26, 2010, at 1:36 PM, 'Santoro, Vincent" 
wrote: 
Michelle. 
Just checking in. It's Tuesday, where arc you and Max on this? 
Thanks, 
VS 
EFTA_R1_00517352 
EFTA02014641
--- PAGE 4 ---
Vincent Santoro 
PDE / DEWC 
From: Michelle 13reskin <michellebreskin@resnewyork.com> 
To: Santoro, Vincent 
Sent: Tue Oct 19 09:50:08 2010 
Subject: Re: Cielo 
Vincent, 
I'll give you a call this afternoon. 
On Mon, 18 Oct 2010 19:51:09 -0400, 'Santoro, Vincent" wrote: 
I appreciate your getting back to me this evening. In the spirit of transparency and getting this deal back on 
track, I would like to have a meeting with everyone tomorrow. Please let the know your, Max's and Felix's availability and 
I'll organize the seller side. We can meet at the Core Club (66 E 55) anytime tomorrow. I look forward to hearing back 
from you and figuring this out. 
Many thanks, 
VS 
Vincent Santoro 
PDE / DEWC 
From: Michelle Iheskin 
To: Santoro, Vincent 
Sent: Mon Oct 18 18:30:17 2010 
Subject: Re: Cielo 
Iloilo Vincent 
Too many unforeseen issues with the deal. We arc examining our options. 
With time being essential for the seller, wanted you to know as soon possible. 
We may re-approach next week, if property still available. 
Regards, 
Michelle 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00517353 
EFTA02014642
--- PAGE 5 ---
On Oct 18, 2010, at 5:15 PM, "Santoro, Vincent" < 
vrote: 
Michelle, 
What happened here? Please give Inc a call. 
Best, 
VS 
Vincent Santoro 
PDE DEWC 
Michelle Breskin 
Associate 
RES Sales and Marketing Corporation 
320 West 37th Street, Suite 301 
New York, NY 10018 
Michelle Breskin 
Associate 
RES Sales and Marketing Corporation 
320 West 37th Street, Suite 301 
New York, NY 10018 
www.Kt,ancwyonc.com 
Michelle Breskin 
Associate 
RES Sales and Marketing Corporation 
EFTA_R1_00517354 
EFTA02014643
--- PAGE 6 ---
320 West 37th Street, Suite 301 
New York, NY 10018 
www.RESnewyork.com 
EFTA_R1_00517355 
EFTA02014644

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014645.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014645.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.comueevacation©gmacom]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmaii corn] 
From: 
Mark Lloyd 
Sent 
Sat 10/22/2011 2:43:38 PM 
Subject Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: 
Perfect 
On 22 Oct 2011, at 09:53, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
make it 1115 ? runiing late. 
On Sat, Oct 22, 2011 at 8:00 AM, Mark Lloyd <
 wrote: 
See you then. I am with a friend , Lars Christiaanse, may I bring him along too? 
On 22 Oct 2011, at 07:57, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationegmail.com> wrote: 
come this morning/ 9 east 71 .. 11? 
On Sat, Oct 22, 2011 at 7:29 AM, Mark Lloyd ‹
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Just arrived in NY last night. Driving to Rye this afternoon and then 
to Boston on Sunday. Flying from Boston to Miami on 
Tues/Wednesday for the Boat Show and back to NY on Thursday 
thru to Sunday when I take the last flight back to London. 
Any chance of connecting with you during this brief trip? Hope so. 
As ever, 
Mark 
On 31 Jul 2011, at 18:07, jeffrey epstein <jeevacatioffigumail.com> wrote: 
Not sure but Europe 
Sent from my iPad 
EFTA_R1_00517356 
EFTA02014645
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Jul 31, 2011, at 10:20 PM, Mark Lloyd <v 
wrote: 
Where will you be last week in August? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 31 Jul 2011, at 19:22, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
wrote: 
mark...anytime in late august 
traveling paris rome kiev 
moscow 
**************************************************** 
******* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@grnail.eotn, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jgevacation@ gmail coin, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA_R1_00517357 
EFTA02014646
--- PAGE 3 ---
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517358 
EFTA02014647

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014648.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014648.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
Sent: 
Sunday, May 1, 2011 10:43:48 AM 
From: 
Dite Anata < 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <teevac
c
.  oem> 
EFTA_R1_00517359 
EFTA02014648

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014649.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeggmaitcomfjeevacation©gmail.cont, 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevaeation©gmail.com] 
From:
Sent 
Title: Multimedia Message FYI guests in site 
EFTA_R1_00517361 
EFTA02014649

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014650.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Peggy SiegaM1 
From: 
Jeffrey imailto:jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
Fun? 
EFTA_R1_00517363 
EFTA02014650

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014651.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < jeevacation@gmail.com > 
Received: 
Mon 23 A r 2012 19:59:42 
To: 
EFTA_R1_00517365 
EFTA02014651

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014652.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014652.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Je mail 
nd place 
el 
EFTA_R1_00517366 
EFTA02014652

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014653.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' evacation 
mail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 5/8/2012 7:54:52 PM 
Subject Re: this week 
Got another casting just now right after 1st one. 11.30? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 8, 2012, at 2:16 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail,com> wrote: 
does that mean II am? 
On Tue, May 8, 2012 at 1:54 PM, 
wrote: 
Hi again. Got it at 10 am tmrw. So after that im free 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 7, 2012, at 10:37 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
wed best.. fri next i leave for paris fr night. 
On Mon, May 7, 2012 at 10:35 PM, 
wrote: 
Good evening...when would u be available this week? I could do 
wed afternoon..but i have a casting and gonna find out exact time 
tmrw. Thursday i have only smth at 
12.30-1pm in soho. Fri i can do afternoon. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA_R1_00517367 
EFTA02014653
--- PAGE 2 ---
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517368 
EFTA02014654

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014655.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Alex Youngap); Barry Josephson[ft) 
Cc: 
Frenkel[O]; Maradith (NBCUniversal 
From: 
Balers, Erik R (NBCUniversal) < 
Subject: Re: Update 
We just closed. S350k ag $750k. It's ours. Good find, Alex! 
EFTA_R1_00517369 
EFTA02014655

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014656.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014656.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation 
mail.com Jefffre E tein 'eevacation©gmail.com] 
Cc: 
Jojo on rn a 
yn 
Fontanilla 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Thur 6/9/2011 9:17:22 PM 
Subject: 
privileged and confidential 
June 10, Friday 
8:00 
Appt w/Steve Hanson 
9:00 
Breakfast with Terje Roed Larson 
10:00 Appt w 
12:00 Appt w/Harry Beller 
2:55 
Appt w/Jim Condren and Darren (at Jim's office. 270 Park. 
Meet in the lobby) Jim 
June IL, Saturday 
4:00 Coffee w/Michael Drexler (
1~. 
EFTA_R1_00517370 
EFTA02014656

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014657.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Lisa Randall[@] 
From: 
Jeevacation 
Subject: Re: ? 
Yes 
EFTA_R1_00517372 
EFTA02014657

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014658.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Epstein[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Mark Tramo MD PhD 
Sent: 
Mon 3/28/2011 5:52:30 PM 
Subject: 
To JEE Mon 3/28/11 
Hey JE - How goes it?...am at JFK...flight takes off in a couple of hours...thanks for mentioning me to Templeton...I have some 
ideas for experimental paradigms, one examining prayer vs non-prayer recitations that look for harmonies in the brain 
(autocorrelations and cross-correlations of spike train periodicities) via multielectrode grids implanted brain areas that are far 
enough apart (10+ cm) that we can address the la er notion u asked about cognition (as opposed to how small swaths of 
brain work "mechanically"). 
EFTA_R1_00517373 
EFTA02014658

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014659.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic (bgC3) 
Sent: 
Fri 1/28/2011 3:03:28 PM 
Subject: RE: 
Urgent! 
Do you have any idea if we could you pull few (2_3 people) plus you, bill and me for a dinner on tuesday 
;) 
b 
Sent from my Samsung JackTv, a Windows Mobile® smartphone from AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Friday, January 28, 2011 1:16 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic (bgC3) < 
Subject: 
well? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jecvacationggmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517374 
EFTA02014659

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014660.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014660.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmail.com[jeevacationellgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 4/17/2013 4:36:17 PM 
Subject: Re: 
melanie is getting back to me ..her reply from earlier is below: 
Let me ask - he as a client lunch at noon and then a firm meeting form 2-4 - but I am sure he will 
have time for Jeffrey!!! 
On Apr 17, 2013, at 12:35 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
leon? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517375 
EFTA02014660

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014661.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.comueevacation©gmail.comi: Jeffrey epsteinueevecatiomagmail.coml 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 10/19/2012 3:58:11 PM 
Subject AW: Re: AW: 
Y want to meet at Plaza for a drink at 6:30 or 7?? 
Al prasentiert BlackBerry0D von Vodafone 
From: jeffrey epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 19 Oct 2012 14:55:21 +0200 
To 
Sutgri
ll! 
Sony, if I stay till sun ,will let you know. 
Sent from my iPad 
On Oct 19, 2012, at 2:51 PM, 
Hi! Alreay have a dinner at 8 :-( 
Al prasentiert BlacicBerry® von Vodafone 
wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jcevacationfitumail.com>
Date• 
-32:23 40200 
To: 
Subj 
would you like to come for a drink tonight. 
I leave tomorrow 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517376 
EFTA02014661

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014662.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.corri[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 6/27/2011 9:47:29 PM 
Thanks for your kindness and patience. I know I don't make it easy sometimes. 
I'm attaching below the note that my direct manager crafted with the assistance of their internal partners and I 
think Bill/Melinda have agreed to, so these are the basic marching orders meaning these are the grantmaking 
constraints that I have. Any suggestions welcome. 
Urban Poverty Recalibration 
Based on the guidance we received at the strategy refresh session in late April, we will 
institute a recalibration of our urban work that builds from existing investments, learnings, 
and partnerships. This would be managed within the existing GD Special Initiatives budget. 
Goal 
Our goal is to improve the quality of life of the urban poor through two primary interventions: 
improving the quantity and quality of municipal resource flows spent on urban poverty and 
increasing income-generating opportunities by addressing market failures with a particular 
focus on solid waste disposal. We also plan to devote a proportion of the portfolio to 
additional learning and potential partnerships in other areas. 
We will be successful with our grantmaking over the next 5 years if we are able to 
demonstrate a clear increase in financial resources, livelihoods opportunities and municipal 
services available to the urban poor resulting from our interventions. While we are not yet 
able to offer specific targets we are confident that within this timeframe we will have data to 
support clear indicators to track and measure results. 
Grantmaking targets 
Building on the lessons from our existing portfolio, we will continue to support organizations 
that work on-the-ground with the urban poor as critical intermediaries to achieve success but 
with a clearer focus on specific results and outcomes in each along the following lines: 
Sub-Initiative 1: More and Better Allocation of Municipal Resources to the Urban Poor 
Covering approximately 45% of new grantmaking, this sub-initiative will seek to catalyze and 
focus resources spent on the urban poor. Building on existing investments such as the Global 
Initiative for Inclusive Municipal Governance or our partnership with the Cities Alliance, it will 
target areas like municipal finance, procurement, leveraging of community savings and other 
tools that both help catalyze additional resources from international and national funders and 
ensure those resources are targeted and spent more effectively against the needs of the 
poorest. 
Sub-Initiative 2: Addressing Market Failures in Solid Waste 
Covering approximately 30% of new grantmaking, this sub-initiative will deepen and expand 
our work in solid waste, where clear market failures exist that, with smart support, the 
working poor have a comparative advantage in addressing alongside their local governments. 
Based on our existing portfolio, this currently looks quite different in Latin America, Asia, and 
Africa but we see growing convergence as Asia and Africa move "up" the waste value chain 
and strong potential for models that include innovative technologies and private sector 
partnerships from recycled plastics to methane recovery and the generation of additional 
EFTA_R1_00517379 
EFTA02014662
--- PAGE 2 ---
revenue through the carbon credit markets. 
Sub-Initiative 3: Learning and Partnerships 
Covering approximately 25% of new grantmaking, this sub-initiative will continue the 
"learning" component of our urban work — including the search for additional reversible 
market failures, and seek out promising interventions that could catalyze wider impact 
and/or leverage other work undertaken elsewhere in the foundation (e.g. The pilot 
collaboration we are currently pursuing with WSH around co-composting of sanitation and 
municipal waste in Bangladesh or better sanitation/waste removal and processing using our 
Urban partners in Dakar that could provide a replicable model for other cities). 
Given the overlap with other foundation programs, there may be additional goals to pursue 
jointly including the integration of waste streams, cross-subsidy for sanitation/water/health 
programs generated from municipal solid waste revenue streams, and continued creation of 
clean development methodologies and subsequent carbon finance generation. While much of 
this will fall within the Urban work, there may be additional opportunities along these (or 
expanded) lines to pursue more generally under the GD Special Initiatives umbrella. 
Metrics — How do we measure success? 
As discussed in the refresh, this is a complex sector with relatively poor existing data, few 
accurate baselines, and a wide range of potential measurements both with regard to impact 
measures (e.g. access to shelter, services, and livelihood opportunities), municipal resource 
allocation, and savings. Rather than seeking a single imperfect proxy metric we recognize that 
in order to demonstrate an increase in financial resources and municipal services available 
to the urban poor we will need to rely on a collection of indicators that offer a more nuanced 
view into living conditions, governance, and potentially earnings. 
In this context, we want to be very clear that while we will be able to track and report on the 
intermediate outcome of financial resources flows and that will be a central indicator of 
success, we will not have a single clear metric of direct impact on the lives of the poor 
comparable to other foundation strategies. Rather if we are successful, we will have 
examples of a range of interventions based on the proposed sub-initiatives, some of which 
will be manifest in better governance and improved access to services, others increased 
income and asset generation or perhaps even other indicators. As we and the field develop 
clearer baselines and get improved data — and we already have grantees working on this — we 
plan to further refine and focus this, but it will be a multi-year process. 
EFTA_R1_00517380 
EFTA02014663

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014664.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]: jeffrey epsteinlieevacation©gmail.comj 
From: 
Sent: 
ri 
:14 AM 
Subject: 
updated website 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Please see your updated USVI website: www.teffreveosteinusvi.com 
I am currently optimizing it. 
Thanks, 
EFTA_R1_00517381 
EFTA02014664

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014665.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation 
mail.corn]; Jeffrey EpsteinUeeyacation@gmail.com]; 
Cc: 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 8/9/2012 1:56:42 AM 
Line of the year from 
EFTA_R1_00517382 
EFTA02014665

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014666.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
un cir / 
6:19:24 PM 
Happy Easter Jeffrey! Wish you can taste my little easter-cakes 
Regards, 
EFTA_R1_00517383 
EFTA02014666

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014667.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
" 
mail.com[jeevacationalgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacationagmail.com] 
Cc: 
Richard 
Kahn[ 
From: 
Craig Martin 
Sent 
Thur 5/17/2012 1:45:54 PM 
Subject 
working at Zorro 
Jeffery; 
Assuming that you are going to the ranch July I st. 
Was thinking 
hould go to Zorro around June 8th to get property ready. 
MtowarcEihe end of the month., depending when you leave the island. 
Your suggestions? 
I will be talking to Rich this morning about Zorro projects/ pricing. We will need your input 
soon. 
• Stucco work 
• well 
• phone switch 
• ATV's 
Craig 
EFTA_R1_00517384 
EFTA02014667

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014668.pdf
----------------------------------------
CIAS$ICI111111111
---Original Message--
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic <Boris.Nikolic@bgc3.com>; celina 
Sent: Wed, Jan 18, 2012 1:51 pm 
Subject: Photo from Jan 18, 2012 
EFTA_R1_00517385 
EFTA02014668

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014669.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
ieevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmaii.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Sat 4/7/2012 7:23:28 PM 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Transport there 
IIIIIMIQuarters B3 
St Thomas 
USVI 00802 
On Apr 7, 24 Heisei, at 2:38 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
at the flagpole please , and i will walk there, 
vehilcle for my return 
On Sat, Apr 7, 2012 at 2:25 PM 
Ok great 
Illfflikuarters 
B3 
St Thomas 
USVI 00802 
could drop off a 
wrote: 
On Apr 7, 24 Heisei, at 2:13 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lunch/dinner at 415 instead„ thanks 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to keN, acationRgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517386 
EFTA02014669
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to Leevacationqt umai Learn, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517387 
EFTA02014670

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014671.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014671.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationeggmail.com[jeevacation6gmail.cont Jeffreleevacation(gmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
ue 
PM 
Subject Re: 
No thank you. Just called too say ask how you r doing) 
Waiting for josh... 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 20 Sep 2011 18:48:56 -0400 
To: 
Subject: 
do you need anything? 
********* 
************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jet:\ acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517388 
EFTA02014671

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014672.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation 
maitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; jeffrey epsteinlieeyacation©gmaitcom] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 4/24/2012 11:02:39 PM 
Let me know if I should proceed by leaving immediately. I had no idea of any of 
this else I would never have supported coming out this evening. 
Message from IIIF she has just started her period. 
EFTA_R1_00517389 
EFTA02014672

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014673.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014673.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcom[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffreleevacationegmail.comj 
From: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Sent 
Mon 4/16/2012 12:35:43 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Sony, didn't here your call. I'm home, call me anytime. 
Can't wait to see you!! 
On Apr 15, 2012 7:23 PM, "Jeffrey" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Miss you 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00517390 
EFTA02014673

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014674.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, Janua 
9, 2011 4:29:34 PM 
To: 
John Brockma 
EFTA_R1_00517391 
EFTA02014674

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014675.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014675.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffre E stein < 'eevacation 
mail.com > Date: June 20, 2012 12:02:47 PM EDT To: 
Lesley Groff 
>, 
> Subject Fwd: 
remind me 
 onvar a message ---- 
From: Bamaby Marsh < 
EFTA_R1_00517392 
EFTA02014675

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014676.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014676.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmail.comlleevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
James P. McGee 
Sent 
Sun 4/7/2013 8:13:00 PM 
Subject: Re: Next Time 
I have a 10AM meeting downtown in 
Charlotte Amalie 
I also fly out at 2:00PM 
I could get to your office early (8AM??)or as I mentioned could try next time 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacatIoniggmail.com> 
To: James P. McGee 
Sent: Sun Apr 07 16:09:41 2013 
Subject: Re: Next Time 
Office at 930? 
On Sunday, April 7, 2013, James P. McGee wrote: 
Figured you were tied up this weekend 
I fly out tomorrow at 2:00 PM 
I'll try to catch up with you next time I am in the territory 
McGee 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOgmail com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517393 
EFTA02014676

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014677.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.compeevacation@gmail.com]; je Parispeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 6/21/2011 7:40:35 PM 
Hello! I have just from the dentist. Doctor's very funny, 
every time singing when treating teeth. it's dangerous, I 
always want to laugh. when they explains to me that they 
want to treat they showed me the layout of your teeth. I 
am pleased to know, and I appreciate that you let me 
enjoy what you are using yourself. Thank you. I asked the 
girl if she showed you a tattoo, she said no. and the fact 
that she is a little on the thigh. it may be too shy, or 
maybe just that other girl? By the way, she's going to 
make another hole in the ear. agave 
me a 200 from 
you. Thank you! 
Hug hug hug hug) 
Regards, 
EFTA_R1_00517394 
EFTA02014677

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014678.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationepgmail.compeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
Fran: 
Karina Shuliak 
Sent 
Sun 6112/2011 3:09:39 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Does that mean we will not see each other anymore? 
On Jun 11, 2011 11:01 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jpe\ :lea t ion(agmail com> wrote: 
nice night , thanks„ i will call the attorney on monday morning, I will not see much more 
of you, . It is too tedious to hear why so many things are wrong, weird, not right, 
/ improper , impolite .-- anyway-- good luck !I 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacation@amail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517396 
EFTA02014678

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014679.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.conteevacationOgmail.comb Je vacalion[jeevacation@gmaitcom] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 4/11/2012 4:51:18 PM 
Subject Re: 
Ok, great, 
If its ok with you, I'll pick you up on lsj and go straight to view hanger, then Roy will drive you 
and Ito customs, and I'll leave heli by hanger„ GII will be at customs ready to launch,. 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 11 Apr 2012 12:49:28 -0400 
To: 
Subject: 
hell at 145, please.. 
, lvjet< 
*********************************************************** 
The information containcd in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOgmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517397 
EFTA02014679

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014680.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.conteeyacation@gmail.comb Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 8/1/2011 10:08:45 AM 
Subject: Re: 
I think the Ritz later 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 1 Aug 2011 11:52:04 +0200 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
apt now, or ritz later? 
On Mon, Aug 1, 2011 at 11:45 AM, 
Want to have a coffee?? 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device 
wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacationegmail.com>
Date: Mon, 1 Aug 2011 11:39:00 +0200 
To: <S> 
Subject: Re: 
paris, you? 
On Mon, Aug 1, 2011 at 9:57 AM, < 
How are you J bear? R u in curopc? 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device 
> wrote: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA_R1_00517398 
EFTA02014680
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517399 
EFTA02014681

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014682.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
"Jeffre E stein" <'eevacation©gmail.com> 
From: 
Received: 
Thu, 1 Mar 2012 22:59:45 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00517400 
EFTA02014682

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014683.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Larry[@] 
From: 
Craig Lamiman 
Subject: Offer 
Larry 
EFTA_R1_00517401 
EFTA02014683

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014684.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation&mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; JE Jailueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
N E M 
Sent: 
Sat 2/5/2011 6:50:00 PM 
I had missed unknown calls..was it you? 
EFTA_R1_00517402 
EFTA02014684

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014685.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[eevaeation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
roger schank 
Sent 
Sun 3/27/2011 11:59:43 PM 
Subject: Re: you never replied about apt 
I just got back from NYC which was the first dates; will come back end of week and for next 
week I think 
On Mar 27, 2011, at 7:46 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
i asked sarah to check dates.. give them to me again 
On Sun, Mar 27, 2011 at 7:25 PM, roger schank 
wrote: 
if this means you have serious tsouris then I am sorry for bothering you 
if it means your forgot me: oy vey 
roger schank 
http://www.rogerschank.com/ 
******************************** 
******* 
***AscAscAscAscAscAscAscAscs, 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517403 
EFTA02014685

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014686.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation&mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; jeffrey epstein ijeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Elen capri 
Sent: 
Thur 12/15/2011 12:43:56 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Where ar u? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA_R1_00517404 
EFTA02014686

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014687.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
Tue. 16 Oct 2012 12:43:53 
To: 
EFTA_R1_00517406 
EFTA02014687

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014688.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Juan Alessi 
EFTA_R1_00517407 
EFTA02014688

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014689.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Sat 3/3/2012 10:01:18 PM 
EFTA_R1_00517408 
EFTA02014689

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014690.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
' 
' 
vacation©gmail.com]. Jeffrey Epstembeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
n behalf of Tim Zagat 
Sent 
Wed 4/18/2012 1:54:34 PM 
Jeffrey, 
We're interested in surveying all of the significant businesses in Dubai. In addition to producing a 
guidebook that could be used to promote tourism the survey results could be used by the Dubai 
Tourism authorities as a free market study of the service establishments there. In addition, we 
would be willing to host launch events in key feeder markets featuring awards to the winning 
establishments along with PR support. 
In effect, here are the key elements of the program; 
I. A custom guide to all of the attractions of Dubai 
2. At least 50,000 co-branded Zagat Dubai guides 
3. PR launch events in Dubai, NY or London 
4. 20,000 zagat.com site subscriptions per year 
5. Awards for top rated service establishment 
6. Decals for all service establishments 
7. A content license 
Aside from being compensated for our work, we would like to be able to have the cooperation of 
Dubai Tourism, Emirates Airlines and Jumeirah Hotels in obtaining survey participants. 
Tim 
Tim Zagat 
ZAGATSURVEY 
Telephone: 
www,mat.com 
Ninth Avenue 
New York, NY 10011 
EFTA_R1_00517409 
EFTA02014690

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014691.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacatiorntho mail.comf ieevacationcAigmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: Re: this weekend 
Thur 6/30/2011 3:07:00 PM 
cool 
---Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epste' < 
• 
gmail.corn> 
To: app0001 
Sent: Thu. Jur 
: 
r 
Subject: Re: this weekend 
sat? 
On Thu, Jun 30, 2011 at 11:04 AM 
wrote: 
When are you showing up? When would you want to go through 1220? 
Swanson is in the Bahamas so I could just take you through but I'd need to arrange with McCann to get in. 
Obviously, neither is aware you would be here. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retum e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@ornaitcom and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517410 
EFTA02014691

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014692.pdf
----------------------------------------
image001 jpq 
EFTA_R1_00517411 
EFTA02014692

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014693.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationtagmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Gary Kerney 
Sent: 
Thur 2/3/2011 3:29:53 PM 
We have a lost wire behind your bed for the do not disturb lite. Can we wait til 
you leave to dismantle the bed and fix it 
EFTA_R1_00517413 
EFTA02014693

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014694.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
itconteevecationegmall.comi: Jeffrey Epstembeeproject@yahoo com) 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 1/20/2012 3:01:30 PM 
Subject: Happy Birthday! 
Hi Jeffrey-
Just wanted to wish you a very happy birthday. I think of you often and hope we can connect next time I'm in 
NYC. 
Please note new email address: 
EFTA_R1_00517414 
EFTA02014694

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014695.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmaii.com] 
From: 
Katherine Keating 
Sent 
Thur 10/27/2011 12:26:45 PM 
Subject: Re: Re: Re: 
I did. It said everything it needed to say. 
On Oct 27, 2011, at 8:23 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <' vacation
 wrote: 
why? did you give him your proposal 
On Thu, Oct 27, 2011 at 7:50 AM, Katherine Keating 
Nothing happened. 
On Oct 27, 2011, at 2:12 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacationegmail.com> wrote: 
will get them„ what happened with charlie 
On Thu, Oct 27, 2011 at 2:05 AM, Katherine Keating 
wrote: 
wrote: 
Was thinking of you tonight. Just jumping on a flight back to NY 
from San Fran. Back tomorrow morning. Where are you? 
I plan to be in AUS in Dec. Do you know his dates? 
On Oct 26, 2011, at 10:58 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacatiornWgmail.com> wrote: 
where are you? gates will be in austrailia in dec 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA_R1_00517415 
EFTA02014695
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
***************** 
********** 
****************** 
************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517416 
EFTA02014696

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014697.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello 
Payment for tuition in my school is $840 for 3 month course plus payment for 
express delivery of documents is $150. 
EFTA_R1_00517417 
EFTA02014697

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014698.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Cc: 
mao Mann 
From: 
nick lambros 
Sent 
Fri 12/17/2010 11:49:09 PM 
Subject Schedule for LSJ 
jeevacationftmaitcomfjeevacation@gmail.comb Jeffrey EpsteinUeevacationfpgmail.coml 
Hello Mr. Epstein, 
Here is the Latest, It looks like the half of the speakers and master TV are at Teterboro for this 
weekends Departure. 
I Spoke with the projector company and they are looking to ship us the projector the week 
January 3rd. ( they are waiting on some parts still which is why we are not getting it the week of 
Dec 27th ) They said if the parts come in sooner we could still receive it in dec still but holiday 
shipping is making things a little harder. 
The rest of the speakers should arrive about same time as projector, I would like to think that if 
we planned on the week of January 10th for the LSJ install and the week of January 24th for 
NYC that we should be covered. 
If the projector does arrive in December I could move the LSJ install date to January 3rd and 
NYC to the 17th. 
Lastly Digital Projection prefers to send the projector via Freight usually 3 day travelrather than 
Fedex or UPS to ensure proper handling which . I think we should have it sent to Tereboro as 
soon as its ready to travel to LSJ on the Gulfstream. 
Nick Lambros 
Sound X 
360 w. Northwest Hi way 
Office 
EFTA_R1_00517418 
EFTA02014698

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014699.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation 
mil. m 
ti n 
mil. om]; 
effrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.comj: larry 
From: 
Richard Barnett 
Sent 
Fri 11/16/2012 9:11:46 PM 
Subject FW: Media room receiver 
Hi Rich K low would like to proceed the Integra receiver was purchased by Nick Lambrose . I 
spoke to Larry V. he thinks the receiver is older than 3 years . Do you want to have Cutting 
Edge send for repair or purchase a new one? RB 
> Date: Fri, 16 Nov 2012 12:16:33 -0500 
> Subject: Media room receiver 
> From: 
> To 
> Hi Richard, 
> The receiver we pulled from the media room it's giving us numerous error codes so we must 
send it in for rcpair. In order to have this done on warranty we need proof of purchase, the 
warranty on this device is 3 years, and hopefully whomever sold this unit to you was an 
authorized dealer if not then the warranty is null and void. 
> Best 
> Jeff 
> Jeff Sternhell 
> Vice President 
> Cuttin Ed e S stems 
EFTA_R1_00517419 
EFTA02014699

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014700.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.comb Uncle F Jeffrey 
Epsteirteevacatiomagmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Sun 9/4/2011 8:09:24 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Sorry I didn't call earlier I was so busy. Can I call u on the way to north salcm later? At like 9? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 4 Sc2011 06:36:25 -0400 
To: 
Subject: 
call anytime Im awake and working 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517420 
EFTA02014700

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014701.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Katherine Khuat is here (your interview!) 
Sent: 
Thursday, March 24, 2011 2:52:38 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00517421 
EFTA02014701

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014702.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.compeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Monique 
Ha 
Cc:rn,MmiL•l
i 
ran 
eeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Boscoe 
Sent: 
Thur 8/30/2012 12:18:21 AM 
Subject: 
Wednesday 
07:00 to 14:00 at LSJ emptying containers, fueling and commissioning ATV's and 
Mules. Repaired and ran crane to unload two new rubbish bins. Place bins and park 
up crane. 
Return to Stt and go to SBDD to review progress. 
EFTA_R1_00517422 
EFTA02014702

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014703.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
maitconteevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Subject Re: Re: 
Sun 6/19/2011 2:45:14 PM 
my best number is 
... happy to hear you.. 
if Bernard opens agency i will be happy to join and manage the team. 
if there is opportunity to work with Gerald or CAA sports ( leading talent and sport agency) - i 
will be more then happy. 
I sent my Resume to LVMH, but very difficult to get a good position there. 
If you have any idea where i can work, i would like to prove you what i can do 
kisses 
p.s if you have 5 free min- call me 
Best regards, 
OrripaBneHo c iPhone 
19.06.2011, a 15:53, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> HanHcan(a): 
best number? 
2011/6/19 
i am at home, call me when you will have time. 
kisses 
Best regards, 
Ornpasnefto c iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00517423 
EFTA02014703
--- PAGE 2 ---
18.06.2011, a 20:55, Jeffrey Epstein -lee\ ilea t ion/it/waif corn> Hanitcan(a): 
I tried to call 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jes% acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to je
ac
:-. 
 gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517424 
EFTA02014704

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014705.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationtisgmail.com[jeevacation gmail.com]; JEgjeevacation@gmail.com] 
Cc: 
Cecile de Jongh 
From: 
Cecile de Jongh 
Sent: 
Mon 11/28/2011 3:55:47 PM 
Subject: IMPORTANT - EDC Application Fee 
Jeffrey, 
We need to pay a $5,000 application fee to the EDA for Financial Ballistics. They have 
confirmed receipt of the application and now need the fee. We will be paying them with 
a check from your personal First Bank account. I can send the check over to LSJ for 
your signature, if you would like. This needs to be done today. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, and 
protected from disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that any dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
immediately and delete all copies. 
EFTA_R1_00517425 
EFTA02014705

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014706.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014706.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.comfjeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 4/9/2013 12:12:16 AM 
Subject: Re: 
flight tomorrow 
Great. Thanks 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 8, 2013, at 8:06 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@grnail coin> wrote: 
Yes 
On Monday, April 8, 2013, 
wrote: 
will arrive at STE tomorrow, Tuesday 9th, on American Airlines Flight 
655 at 11.55 am. 
May I send all flight details to Roy so he can arrange pick up? 
***** 
****************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOgmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517426 
EFTA02014706

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014707.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffre E stein < 'eevacation 
mail.com > Date: Sat, 13 Mar 2010 18:40:06 -0500 To: 
Roza Kaktus 
Subject: Re: no apartment available On Sat, Mar 13, 2010 
at 3:35 PM, Roza Kaktus 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00517428 
EFTA02014707

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014708.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
hur /1 / 
2:56:36 AM 
says she really wants to come but is supposed to have class all day 
Sunday, she is going to check when she goes to class tomorrow if she can miss it. 
Also she has a casting tomorrow afternoon/ evening so I think that means she 
would want to come Friday. 
EFTA_R1_00517429 
EFTA02014708

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014709.pdf
----------------------------------------
Can we discuss this over the weekend? 
To me, there are a number of things wrong with the world's immunization systems 
but the one where I think there is room for coolness that no one has tried might 
relate to your idea about Mother's Army. So the suggestion would that you don't 
even need health care workers to do this. Train a handful of mom's and set them 
free. Sort of create like a Rotary Club or Lion's Club or something similar with 
the full scale mission of getting moms to immunize their kids. 
Check out the slides. See if you think it is appropriate. If you do, I will make 
the proposal and the deck. 
From: Violaine Mitchell 
Sent: Thursday, February 02, 2012 5:57 PM 
To: John Grove; Skye Gilbert; Matt Hanson; Molly Abbruzzese; Raja Rao; Caroline 
Rose; Amanda Shortell; Steve Landry; Tim Petersen; Dan Kress; Mary Taylor; Saul 
Morris; Julie Jacobson; Ken Warman; Devendra Khandait; Anant Shah; Ernest 
Loevinsohn; Michael Galway; Jay Wenger; Vincent Ahonkhai; Guy Stallworthy; Duncan 
Steele; Damian Walker; Nicole Bates; Karen Lowry Miller; Tasleem Kachra; Greg 
Widmyer; Doug Holtzman; Jeremy Derfner; Gregg BeVier; 
; Margaret 
Cornelius; Helen Matzger; Apoorva Mallya; Cheryl Scott; John Lange; 
rodriguez.andrew@bcg.com; Molly Mort (Volt); Clint Pecenka (SwitchPoint LLC); 
Violaine Mitchell; Blair Hanewall; adaniya.hana@bcg.com; John Yang; Linda 
Venczel; Catherine St-Laurent; Melissa Covelli; Amber Zeddies; Linda Patterson; 
Beth Bates (Event Dynamics) 
Subject: RI Strategic Initiative Working Retreat: Pre-Reads and Additional 
Information 
Dear Colleagues, 
We are in the final throes of preparation for the Routine Immunization (RI) 
retreat and are eager to begin a strategic dialogue with you! In preparation for 
Monday, we have attached pre-read materials and provided a few updates/reminders 
below. Apologies for sending them a day late - we hope you will still have time 
to at least take a peak before Monday. 
Reminder: If you haven't already done so, please fill out the RI 
survey<http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/3XQJZ37> by EOD today 
Updates 
The meeting room has moved to San Juan Island 
Breakfast will now be available starting at 8:15am 
Information on the pre-reads 
The attached materials have some very preliminary work that the team 
has conducted. Per our email last week, we are asking you to be thought partners 
in working through the materials rather than 'good harsh critics' to prepare us 
for a discussion with leadership (we will we asking for the latter later on in 
our strategy process, but not on Monday!) 
Some pre-reads are recommended for everyone, and some are optional for 
those of you that feel you'd like a bit more context before Monday 
o 
Recommended: 
EFTA_R1_00517430 
EFTA02014709
--- PAGE 2 ---
PPT 3-9: RI team charter 
PPT 10-20: Trends in RI 
PPT 21-83: Our initial thinking on barriers to successful immunization, and 
the supporting data we've compiled to date 
o 
Optional: 
PPT 84-87: Survey and interview feedback on foundation goals and engagement 
options 
PPT 88-91: Preliminary list of foundation grants with an RI component (Note: 
this is not comprehensive and we can argue the toss as to what is directly vs. 
indirectly RI related but this is intended as a launching pad for further 
discussion. 
WORD DOC: Cutts F & Bielik R, (2010), The opportunity and obligation to 
strengthen national immunization programs 
Please don't hesitate to reach out to us with any questions/concerns prior to 
Monday. 
Best, 
vio 
Violaine Mitchell 
Interim Deputy Director, Country Immunization Programs 
Global Health Vaccine Delivery 
 +1.206.709.3221 
E Violaine.Mitchell@gatesfoundation.org<mailto:xxxxx.xxxxxxx@gatesfoundation.org> 
Program Assistant - Caroline Rose 
 +1-206.709-3126 
F +1.206.494.7042 
E: caroline.rose@gatesfoundation.org<mailto:caroline.rose@gatesfoundation.org> 
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 
www.gatesfoundation.org<http://www.gatesfoundation.org/> 
(cid:image007.png@OlCCE1D4.172CCC70) 
Facebook<http://www.facebook.com/billmelindagatesfoundation> 
(cid:image008.png@OlCCE1D4.172CCC70)Twitter<http://twitter.com/gatesfoundation> 
(cid:image009.jpg@OlCCE1D4.172CCC70) Impatient 
Optimists<http://www.impatientoptimists.org/> 
EFTA_R1_00517431 
EFTA02014710

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014711.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
Fri, 30 Nov 2012 17:25:51=20 
To: 
Subject: 
EFTA_R1_00517434 
EFTA02014711

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014712.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeeyacationagmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Sat 2/19/2011 12:29:55 AM 
Subject: IPO 
HEJ JE, 
WAS IT ZYNGA YOU HAD IN MIND GOING PUBLIC? 
I AM GETTING YOU BACKGROUND FOR SARA WHO CAME WITH ME TO 
YOUR HOUSE FOR OUR LITTLE CEREMONY-
HOPE YOU ARE HAVING A TERRIFIC WEEKEND-ONE DAY OF SPRING 
AND HOPE! IN NYC!! 
MY FRIEND DR. KARIN HEHENBERGER SENDS HER BEST TO YOU-
KRAM 
EFTA_R1_00517435 
EFTA02014712

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014713.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
"Kob Iski Elliott Tucker SIK" 
Date: Tue, 27 Oct 2009 09:18:30 -
0400 To: 
c: Schmidt-Lange, Thomas 
SIK< 
Subject: Approved Exterior rendering 
Larry, 
EFTA_R1_00517436 
EFTA02014713

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014714.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
•eevacation 
maitcom •eevacation 
mail.com ; 'effrey epstein "eevacation 
mail.com] 
Cc: 
From: 
orro anc 
Sent 
Wed 5/4/2011 5:32:57 PM 
Subject ZD-Update-4-5-11 
Good Morning, 
After being on the Ranch for the last few days and reviewing th 
overall condition of the Ranch and 
the pros and cons of having 
ove onto the Ranch, 
em
;  maintenance, 
I do not feel it would be of any benefit. 
She had requested to move into the staff cottage at the Main House, this clearly would not 
work, with a teenage son, 2 dogs which she wanted to place in the Main House dog pen and that 
in the future she would not be working at the Main Houseaso agreed this would not 
work 
then suggested she could move into the Red 2 Storey House (3 bedroom home) at RC, 
this again in my opinion would not work, limiting your options for the employment of a 
couple, which I believe is still need. I have no doubt she will contact you directly about this, 
with the understanding she is assuming you will say yes, about the move. 
ave 
spoken at great lenght about this, and both agree you would not receive "bang or buck" only 
limit your options and add more problems. 
It needs to be mentioned that the motivation behind all of this, is she can no longer afford to 
keep her home and this would solve her problems, but not yours. 
This visit has only reconfirmed my opinion that managers are required to oversee the Ranch 
as soon as possible. 
We are advertising locally for a couple with painting/plaster, cleaning etc skills and have set up 
a temporary E Mall address to field these applicants. 
Shall we continue with the investigation of the employment of someone in law enforcement as 
well? 
I also need to confirm, that you approved -and 
Manolito each bringing a hone and cow 
onto the Ranch. If so, could you please confirm what was discussed about insurance, feed etc 
Thanks 
Warmest regards 
Zorro Development Co 
Ranch Mana er 
EFTA_R1_00517437 
EFTA02014714

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014715.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
tancredi marchiolo sent: 13 february 2011 01:41 to: Ieeyacation@gmail.coM subject: re: 
cape town for the wend part 1 
EFTA_R1_00517438 
EFTA02014715

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014716.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.comueevacation©gmail.comj: Jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 111.1111:18 PM 
Subject: RE: Erik Wachtmeister 
Date: Fri, 24 Aug 2012 10:49:46 -0400 
Subject: Re: Erik Wachtmeister 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
yes of course. other girls 
On Fri, Aug 24, 2012 at 10:39 AM, 
wrote: 
has he told you about his new project Best Of All Worlds ? 
what do i have until then? 
Date: Fri, 24 Aug 2012 10:37:29 -0400 
Subject: Re: Erik Wachtmeister 
From: jeevacationOgmail.com 
To: 
first week of october.. you have until then i will arrive paris 
On Fri, Aug 24, 2012 at 10:34 AM, 
wrote: 
do you remember you told me that you were the second member of 
the ASMALLWORLD after the founder, who is your friend. Did you 
mean Erik Wachtmeister? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_00517440 
EFTA02014716
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517441 
EFTA02014717

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014718.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation©gmail.com]; Jefffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com]; 
Lesley Grof 
Cc: 
From: 
Sent: 
ri 11/1 / 11 : :14 M 
S 
• ct: Cont ct number for 
vcf 
American number 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00517442 
EFTA02014718

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014719.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014719.pdf
----------------------------------------
( Preferred Voice Cell ) 
Version 
3.0 
PRODID 
-//Apple Inc.//iOS 5.0.1//EN 
Name 
Family: 
First: 
Middle: 
Prefix: 
Suffix: 
Formatted Name 
Telephone Number 
( Preferred Voice Cell ) 
EFTA_R1_00517443 
EFTA02014719

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014720.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014720.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationtisgmaitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
bite gordon 
Sent: 
Wed 4/11/2012 2:01:54 PM 
Subject: Generator 5P 
can we meet at Genset location for 5p 
need to confirm some details 
Brice Gordon 
Little Saint James 
USVI 
Phone 
EFTA_R1_00517444 
EFTA02014720

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014721.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
• 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jefffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 6/30/2011 5:07:34 PM 
Subject 
Peggy Siegel 
Harvey Weinstein called Peggy Siegel asking if she might be flying to Europe 
tonight...he would love to split a ride, or something...Peggy asked her assistant 
to call and ask you... 
EFTA_R1_00517445 
EFTA02014721

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014722.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' 
• 
• 
• 
vacation©gmail.comj: Jeffrey epsteinueevecatiomagmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
at 
. 
• 
Subject Re: 
Thank you very much! Working on new, when are you back? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: jeffrey epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sat 6 Au 2011 16:38:36 +0200 
To: In
Subject: Re: 
Use my car and driver 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 6, 2011, at 4:33 PM, Irina 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, how are you? Thank you for Cirque du Soleil, we had fun! 
By the way I'll be in Paris on September 23rd for a week, taking my parents there... 
<Zarkana.jpu> 
EFTA_R1_00517447 
EFTA02014722

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014723.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
maitcom 'eevacation 
mail.com]: Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
Cc: 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Fri 9/9/2011 12:11:15 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Reminder rich Barnett is on vacation. I have emailed and left message for lyn and Jojo 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 9, 2011, at 7:59 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationOgmail.com> wrote: 
due to the storm I will arrive new york today , this afternoon.. 
*************
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevaCationAgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517448 
EFTA02014723

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014724.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
Sun, 13 Ma 2012 22:17:26=20 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00517449 
EFTA02014724

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014725.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationtagmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Garykerney 
Sent 
Thur 9/29/2011 6:14:23 PM 
Workers every where. Having fun 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00517450 
EFTA02014725

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014726.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey epsteinlieeyacation©gmaitcomj 
From: 
Sent: 
ur 
012 10:24:58 AM 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00517451 
EFTA02014726

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014727.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.combeeyacation©gmail.comb Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.com] 
Fran: 
Sent 
Tue 2/21/2012 11:08:07 PM 
Subject 
Re: 
Sounds like a good day;) 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 21 Feb 2012 15:23:29 -0700 
To: YflceMill 
Subject: Re: 
on my ranch, thinking of you gagging 
On Tue, Feb 21, 2012 at 3:19 PM, )(Ike 
wrote: 
Hows your day going? 
Sent from my iPhone 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517452 
EFTA02014727

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014728.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmailcom 
From: 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_00517453 
EFTA02014728

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014729.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014729.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation 
mail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 12/8/2011 11:12:41 PM 
Subject: Re: Re: Re: 
she came to the restaurant when we had a dinner and told that she invited to the party by her 
scout... and tells the name of this party;))) after, i told her i was planning to go there, thats why i 
brought them here with my car. 
nobody paid attention here to them. 
but i am very sucsessful;)) 
found pretty german thing for you, 21y 
Best regards, 
OrnpaBnerio c iPhone 
09.12.2011, B 0:01, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail,com> Barnican(a): 
did you bring=? 
2011/12/8 
the girls are here + the scout+ abother model agency. 
we are talking to Ian 30 min already, he is s000 nice. 
Best regards, 
ffinpasnetio c iPhone 
08.12.2011, B 23:07, Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> HanBcan(a): 
did you bring her? 
2011/12/8 
i am here, on the party. 
here as well ;)) 
EFTA_R1_00517454 
EFTA02014729
--- PAGE 2 ---
i cant find Ian. 
Best regards, 
Ornpartherto c iPhone 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to joevacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517455 
EFTA02014730

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014731.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014731.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationti)gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; 
Cc: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Mon 5/14/2012 10:18:36 PM 
Subject: Re: Wiring 
Funds in the amount of $550,936.73 have been received 
Thank you again 
EFTA_R1_00517456 
EFTA02014731

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014732.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmail.comfjeevacation©gmail.comj: Stephanie 
Cc: 
jeevacationalgmail.comueevacation@gmail.comj 
Fran: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Tue 4/19/2011 12:49:12 PM 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein/The Normal Heart 
Title: Jeffrey Epstein/The Normal Heart 
Send him the invite asap. He wants to come. Put a pair aside for him. Thanks. P 
EFTA_R1_00517457 
EFTA02014732

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014733.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmaitcom[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent 
Fri 9/9/2011 5:59:00 AM 
Subject: RE: 
Leaving Seattle on 9/23 or 24th, having meetings on Monday 26`" whole day, few others 27'". Can leave 
on 28 or 29. 
Can also go to St Petersbourg 
In general very flexible. 
B 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, September 08, 2011 6:28 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
send me rough moscow schedule 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmai1com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517458 
EFTA02014733

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014734.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Lesley Groffl
. 
From: 
Jeffrey epstem 
Sent: 
Thur 11/3/2011 9:52:51 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Pritzker re hyatt! 
Yes 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 3, 2011, at 5:33 PM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> 
• Begin forwarded message: 
>> From: "Jeskewitz, Jeannine" 
>> Date: November 3, 2 
:0 : 7 
>> To: 'Lesley Groff' 
>> Subject: RE: Jeffrey ps ein 
>> 
>> Hi Lesley, 
>> 
>> TED has contracted most of the suites at our hotel for that time perios. The 
hotel only has 4 on hold (and those are for the Pritzkers). Can I hold a Regency 
Club room with a connecting room for Mr. Epstein with the hopes that one of those 
are not used by the Pritzkers? And in that event, we would then give to Mr. 
Epstein. 
>> Let me know if you have any questions. 
>> 
» Thanks, 
>> 
• 
Jeannine 
>> 
>>  
Original Mess 
>> From: Lesley Groff 
» Sent: Wednesday, November 
, 
: 
PM 
» To: Jeskewitz, Jeannine 
>> Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
>> 
» Terrific. thanks so very much. 
>> 
» On Nov 2, 2011, at 3:32 PM, Jeskewitz, Jeannine wrote: 
>» Lesley, 
>» 
>>> I did hear back from the hotel, but only that they are looking into this and 
will hopefully have an answer for me shortly. 
>» 
>>> I'll revert back to you when I have more information. 
>» 
>» Jeannine 
>>> 
>»  
Original Mess 
>» From: Lesley Groff 
>>> Sent: Wednesday, Nove er 
, 
: 
>» To: Jeskewitz, Jeannine 
EFTA_R1_00517460 
EFTA02014734
--- PAGE 2 ---
>>> Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
>>> 
>>> Hi Jeannine. Just wanted you to know I will be out of town over the next 2 
days...but if you hear anything about the possibility of 2 suites at the Hyatt 
Long Beach Hotel for the dates of Feb. 27- March 2, don't hesitate to email me. 
(unless you already have news for me???!) 
>>> Thank you so much for all your help. 
>>> 
>>> Lesley 
>>> Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
>>> 
EFTA_R1_00517461 
EFTA02014735

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014736.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014736.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
e rey 
Sent 
Sat 6/16/2012 6:49:12 PM 
Just saw you are coming todY , if you prefer you can stay in guest , but I want 
you to be comfortable . 
EFTA_R1_00517463 
EFTA02014736

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014737.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.comfjeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
David Gallo 
Sent 
Mon 5/14/2012 4:06:39 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Jeffrey, 
Thanks for sending this. 
I really enjoyed meeting you...finally. 
You rattled some of my core thinking 
which is exactly what I was hoping for. I was getting 
way too settled...and that's just not me. 
Now we'll see what comes next. 
Dave 
David G. Gallo, PhD 
Director of Special Projects 
Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution 
On May 13, 2012, at 7:49 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
http://www.sciencedaily.corn/releases/2012/05/120509135945.htm 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jtevacatioila umail.COm and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517464 
EFTA02014737

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014738.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationekgmail.comueevacation©gmail.comj: jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
Fran: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Sent 
Tue 3/20/2012 3:18:20 PM 
Subject Re: 
You don't like it? 
On Mar 20, 2012 11:06 AM, "jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Fairy tales exaggeration 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhonc 
On Mar 20, 2012, at 2:21 PM, Karyna Shuliak 
wrote: 
Bumpy can't wait for wowie to come back, and smoothie got so curious about 
him, even though they bearly now each other, so bumpy is telling her the stories 
about him..ahhh, they will go crazzzy when wowie comes back!! 
On Mar 20, 2012 8:44 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00517465 
EFTA02014738

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014739.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmaitcom[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Scott Denett 
Sent 
Wed 7/20/2011 2:03:48 PM 
Subject: Re: How to reset your Yahoo! password 
this is a phishing for passwords email so If you are unclear please do not do this 
i just googled 
On Jul 20, 2011, at 7:38 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
----- Forwarded messa ,e 
From: 
Date: Wed, Jul 20, 2011 at 12:50 AM 
Subject: How to reset your Yahoo! password 
To: jcevacationegmail,com 
Dear jeffrey, 
On July 20, 2011, at 12:50 am EDT, your account activity shows that you tried to recover 
your account password for Yahoo! ID jeffrey.epstein. You may reset your 
password on July 21, 2011, after 12:50 am EDT by answering the secret questions 
you chose for your account. 
For security reasons, the option to reset your password via secret question will expire on 
July 27, 2011, at 12:50 am EDT. 
Not you? Simply sign in to your account, and when there is an attempt to recover your 
account, we will continue to hide your option to reset your password via your 
secret question. Please update you password-reset info. If you forget your 
password in the future, we will use this information to help you reset it. 
If you believe your account has been compromised, please change your password now. 
Choose a strong password 
Regards, 
Yahoo! Account Services 
********** 
********************************************** 
EFTA_R1_00517466 
EFTA02014739
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to icevacationggmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517467 
EFTA02014740

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014741.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeeyacation@gmail.com 'eeyacation 
mail.com 
Cc: 
Paul S Barre 
From: 
Michael A Taormina 
Sent: 
Thur 12/9/2010 3:45:09 PM 
Subject: 
January Effect stocks 
winmail.dat 
Jeff, 
As discussed with Paul, the following six names passed our January Effect screen 
and are overweight rated by J.P. Morgan: 
GMR - General Maritime 
ALTH - Allos Therapeutics 
BRCD - Brocade Communications 
GT - Goodyear Tire 
THC - Tenet Healthcare Corp 
UMPQ - Umpqua Holdings 
Let me know if you have any questions, 
Michael 
Michael A. Taormina, CFA 
J.P. Morgan I Global Investment Opportunities Group 
West 57th Street, Floor 33 
New 
T: 
F: 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, 
any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) 
is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the 
promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase 
& Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. 
tax-related penalties. 
This communication is for informational purposes only. It is not 
intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of 
any financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any 
transaction. All market prices, data and other information are not 
warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are subject to change 
without notice. Any comments or statements made herein do not 
necessarily reflect those of JPMorgan Chase & Co., its subsidiaries 
and affiliates. 
This transmission may contain information that is privileged, 
confidential, legally privileged, and/or exempt from disclosure 
under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, you 
are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or 
use of the information contained herein (including any reliance 
thereon) is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Although this transmission and any 
attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other defect 
that might affect any computer system into which it is received and 
opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it 
EFTA_R1_00517468 
EFTA02014741
--- PAGE 2 ---
is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by JPMorgan Chase 
Co., its subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable, for any loss 
or damage arising in any way from its use. If you received this 
transmission in error, please immediately contact the sender and 
destroy the material in its entirety, whether in electronic or hard 
copy format. Thank you. 
Please refer to http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures for 
disclosures relating to European legal entities. 
EFTA_R1_00517469 
EFTA02014742

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014743.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
IrinCip] 
Fnxn: 
Jeevacation 
Subject: Re: 
Yes but Alena priority 
EFTA_R1_00517471 
EFTA02014743

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014744.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
e rey pstein 
Sent: 
Sat 9/15/2012 3:42:02 AM 
i should be in paris on the 8th 
EFTA_R1_00517473 
EFTA02014744

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014745.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
maitconteevacation©gmail.comi; Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 1/6/2012 7:19:52 PM 
Subject Re: 
Thk you 
On Fri, Jan 6, 2012 at 8:08 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
On Fri, Jan 6, 2012 at 12:32 PM, 
wrote: 
Can I ask someone to go to New York Film Academy to collect my I-20. It is ready and and 
if we collect it 
can bring it with her to Paris. Jojo? or M? 
I have tried to call you tocklo check whether you need me earlier as I heard 
was sick 
and came home and now 
is flying with you:) 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517474 
EFTA02014745

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014746.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcom[jeeyacationellgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Bamaby Marsh 
Sent 
Fri 4/20/2012 1:48:21 PM 
Subject Re: 
Off to Pheonix and Santa Fe today, then other places, will be back in NYC the 11th and 12th... 
On Thu, Apr 19, 2012 at 4:30 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacationCiamail coni> wrote: 
i will be back on the 5th of may, you? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517475 
EFTA02014746

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014747.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation&mail.com 
Subject: Re: 
To: 
" 
" 
mail .corn> 
From: 
Received: 
Sun, 15 Apr 2012 23:30:44 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00517476 
EFTA02014747

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014748.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein [mailto: jeeyacation©gmail.com ] Sent: Thursday, April 30, 2009 
EFTA_R1_00517477 
EFTA02014748

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014749.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Re: 
mail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
Thur 6/23/2011 6:22:30 PM 
Sorry I was in a meeting all day long, Pm just on my way back fome now. Hope we can skype 
later or tomorrow? 
kisses 
2011/6/23 Jeffrey Epstein teyacationggmail.com> 
summer? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517478 
EFTA02014749

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014750.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Elen capri[ 
From: 
Jeffrey 
Sent: 
Thur 7/5/2012 5:35:55 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Thnks 
EFTA_R1_00517479 
EFTA02014750

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014751.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmaitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; jeffrey epstein ijeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Elen capri 
Sent: 
Wed 12/14/2011 11:07:21 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Or we meet tomorrow? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA_R1_00517480 
EFTA02014751

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014752.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmaitcon[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmail.cornueevacationftmail.com] 
From: 
Jessica banks 
Sent 
Tue 4/19/2011 12:07:10 AM 
Subject: Re: My birthday 
haven't heard back from you so heading home to work more. 
happy passover. 
On Sun, Apr 17, 2011 at 3:55 PM, jessica banks 
wrote: 
Hi j 
So its my bday next weekend and I want to celebrate w extravagance. I figured who bettr to ask 
than u...got any ideas for short weekend trips? Know any royalty who needs cat sitting 
closeby? 
Also...miss u and hope u r great. Let me know when my piano lessons start. 
J 
EFTA_R1_00517483 
EFTA02014752

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014753.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: 
Omar 
Fri 12/2/2011 12:13:07 AM 
Should I tell anyone that Omar will be on the early boat tomorrow? 
EFTA_R1_00517484 
EFTA02014753

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014754.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: 
Wed 4/17/2013 9:00:17 PM 
Subject: RE: 
Paul visited this afternoon with Marc Mitchell from lending and Chip Packard, head of wealth mgmt. Got 
to know them a bit. They had done some homework by studying the S-1 but since we did not get into 
specifics about structure around the units to be used as collateral, the discussion was a bit theoretical. 
They basically said they lend 70-75% vs stock like this. Usually, prefer it to be in a single purpose 
vehicle. Referenced pricing 50-125 bps over libor, suggesting most borrowers keep the maturity at 1 yr 
and roll over annually. Rates would obviously be higher if loan is longer. Can supply a term sheet with 1 
week turnaround once they have relevant details/docs. Differentiating factor-willing to be creative and 
assist in structuring. 
We talked through other areas of lending they play in also. I had never heard before that DB has the 
largest corporate art collection in the world. 
Next week re JPM, just want to let you know Wed afternoon is out for me. Also Thurs, booked in the 
morn. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, April 17, 2013 4:24 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: 
paul mors? next week I have the jpm people. , I spoke to head of private bank and we arc on 
track 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify, us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation(ii umail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517485 
EFTA02014754

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014755.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.compeevacation@gmail.comj: Jeffreleevacationegmail.comj 
From: 
Sent: 
a 
PM 
Subject: Re: 
Thank you! 
He insists on swiss on far... But interested in what's the tax rate in vi and how ti become a resident 
there? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 14 Sep 2011 08:02:15 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
yes, florida is a state„ the islands are a unique possession„ florida pays the IRS the isalnds the 
Virgin Bucrcau 
On Wed, Sep 14, 2011 at 8:00 AM 
Thank you 
We talked, seemed ok) 
wrote: 
What is the difference between florida residence and VI? And to become a vi resident u have to 
spend a certain amount of time there every year? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@smail.com>
Dotal/W.400 
To: 
Subject: 
tell him you are uncertain as to what to do? he has encouraged you to go into buisness „ here is 
a joh that guarantees 75k with a likely bonus of 25k after one year.. you thought he should 
be proud. , but you understand „ and he is your priority„ Tell him I told you that he said the 
big issue was your visa. and that he would conitvue to support you but i declined.. You 
would hope that he would feel good that you could be independent and not have to ask for 
money. 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA_R1_00517486 
EFTA02014755
--- PAGE 2 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517487 
EFTA02014756

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014757.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
JeffreyEpstOn<jeevacation@gmaiLoom>Ciate: Sat, 5 Mar 2011 20:5216-08007o: 
PETER MANDELSON
Subject: canyvegetshilling lawyers numnr 
*********** 
asap 
'tit
es 
The information contained in this 
communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. 
It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of 
this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_00517488 
EFTA02014757

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014758.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bobby Miller 
EFTA_R1_00517489 
EFTA02014758

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014759.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcom[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Jabor Y. 
Sent 
Mon 4/15/2013 5:24:26 PM 
Subject: Re: 
i have to goo to Washgnton . I will be in ny on 17th night . 
On 15 Apr 2013 17:08, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
lunch 22? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517490 
EFTA02014759

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014760.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014760.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; jeffrey epstein ueeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Elen capri 
Sent: 
Sat 2/11/2012 3:49:26 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Miss uuuuuuuuuuuU xuxu 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA_R1_00517492 
EFTA02014760

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014761.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacationetgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Peter Mendelson 
Sent 
Mon 8/1/2011 7:35:03 AM 
Subject: Re: 
By the way, plan is to exchange on house tomorrow. Nervous about it. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein ieevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, 31 Jul 2011 19:28:52 +0100 
To: Peter Mendelson BT 
im in paris for the week, where are you and what has happened? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517494 
EFTA02014761

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014762.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014762.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 10/16/2 12 12:04:56 PM 
Subject: Reminder - 
Reminder that I have a flight booked for
 tomorrow 
St Petersburg - Helsinki - Paris (2 separate flights) 
and return on Friday 
EFTA_R1_00517495 
EFTA02014762

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014763.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacati 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: Re: Fw: BELL 430 quote 
jeevacation@gmail.comneevacation@gmaitcom]; 
evacation@gmaitcom] 
Tue 4/10/2012 9:10:57 PM 
wow, great interior photos find,. that is what I had in mind, on what you where think of a finished product. 
I am waiting for Gary at the toy store to call me back and express my disappointment in his pricing,. I know they 
will do a good job, but overpriced at this point,.) explained Gary, we are not re-covering the headliner, just wood 
ledges below,. 
I'll check in Georgia,.,the interior shop in UK would be higher priced according to Craig Laminim. but that is his 
own opinion and he's not an interior expert, personally would like it completed in USA to have some sort of 
control during the process. 
In a message dated 4/10/2012 4:44:06 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time. jeevacation@gmail.com writes: 
httn://www.0000le.com/imgres?hken&obv=2&biw=1071&bih=861&tbm=isch&tbnid=60dnELNBOY8 
GSM:&imgrefurl=http://helicopters.indesaviation.comP/03Fsection°/03Diareowned%26listinoid%3D4&d 
ocid=Y0C8xjk7wqCRGM&imoud=http://helicopters.indesaviation.com/imgs/uploadsi4 2 large.jpg&w 
=600&h=389&ei=xmiET63EKITBtqfl0dXUBw&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=108&vpv=503&dur=30&hovh= 
181&hovw=279&tx=192&tv=68&sig=1162087190655203041228.0age=1&tbnh=156&tbnw=214&star 
t=0&ndsp=16&ved=1t:429,r:8,s:0,i:$6 
this is basically it... is there a place in georgia, ? or should 
we have premier bid it. 
On Tue. Apr 10, 2012 at 4:35 PM 
Toy store quote 
Sent via BlackBeny by AT&T 
-----Original Message 
From: "Gary P. Anzalone" 
Date: Tue. 10 A r 2012 151.1 
To: 
Sub 
. 
Dear Larry, 
wrote: 
To re-do your Bell 430 with the Bentley style interior provided, 
including the paint stripes, the seat change and EVERYTHING else you 
requested we would be right at $200,000 dollars. 
The 9 extra hides which you have offered will NOT help, as we would 
require 9 hides before we even made it to the 6 seats. You do not want 
to run the risk of the hides not matching if you try to use a different 
die lot either. 
If we can firm things up quickly and order the materials now, in 
advance, we will be able to turn it around in 30 days or less. If you 
want to go forward I will send someone to Palm Beach with some leather 
and wood samples to match up the Bentley. 
EFTA_R1_00517497 
EFTA02014763
--- PAGE 2 ---
Let me know your thoughts after your meeting with Jeffrey. 
Gary Anzalone 
Senior Vice President 
Aero Toy Store, LLC 
cellular 
cellular 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retum e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(aqmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517498 
EFTA02014764

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014765.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.conteevacation©gmail.com], Jeffrey Epstembeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
David Stem 
Sent 
Wed 4/11/2012 4:19:25 PM 
Subject: Fwd: *ICAHN SAID TO NEAR PURCHASE FROM FALCONE'S HARBINGER CAPITAL 
The iron ore deal I told you about seems to be going to Icahn. 
I still have a direct line to the seller if of interest. 
Would love to buy it at sensible price and sell on to Chinese later. 
(I need a structure to do deals, I have enough people with $ around me, but I need a structure 
together with you!!! Your boy is waiting for instructions!!) 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Chris Cooper-Hohn" 
Subject: FW: *ICAHN SAID TO NEAR PURCHASE FROM FALCONE'S 
HARBINGER CAPITAL 
Date: 11 April 2012 17:10:03 GMT+01:00 
To: "David Stern" 
Chris Cooper-Hohn 
Partner 
The Children's Investment Fund Management (UK) LLP 
Address: 7 Clifford St I London I W IS 2FT 
DDI: 
Mobile: 
Fax: 
Email: 
-----Original Message 
From: Paul Voigt [mailto:
Sent: 11 April 2012 17: 
To: Chris Cooper-Hohn 
Subject: FW: *ICAHN SAID TO NEAR PURCHASE FROM FALCONE'S 
HARBINGER CAPITAL 
Original Message 
From: PAUL VOIGT (JEFFERIES & CO. (INC) [mailto: 
Sent: Wednesday, April II, 2012 12:03 PM 
EFTA_R1_00517499 
EFTA02014765
--- PAGE 2 ---
To: Paul Voigt 
Subject: *ICAHN SAID TO NEAR PURCHASE FROM FALCONE'S HARBINGER 
CAPITAL 
*ICAHN SAID TO NEAR PURCHASE FROM FALCONE'S HARBINGER CAPITAL 
ferrous resource stake.... 
Jefferies archives and monitor messages. This message is confidential. This message may 
be produced to regulators or civil litigants. Jefferies accepts no liability for any 
errors or omissions arising as a result of this transmission. In the United Kingdom, 
Jefferies operates as Jefferies International Limited; registered in England: no. 
1978621; and Jefferies Bache Limited; registered in England: no. 114226; 
registered office for both: Vintners Place, 68 Upper Thames Street, London EC4V 
3BJ. Jefferies International Limited and Jefferies Bache Limited are authorized and 
regulated by the Financial Services Authority. If you received this transmission in 
error please contact the sender. 
BN 04/11 15:54 *ICAHN SAID TO NEAR PURCHASE FROM FALCONE'S 
HARBINGER CAPITAL BN 04/11 15:54 *CARL ICAHN SAID TO NEAR 
PURCHASE OF FERROUS RESOURCES STAKE 
Carl Icahn Said to Near Purchase of Ferrous Resources Stake 
2012-04-11 15:55:23.70 GMT 
By Scott Schnipper 
April 11 (Bloomberg) -- Purchase from Falcone's Harbinger. 
Link to Company News: {HRG US <Equity> CN <GO>) Link to Company News: (IEP 
US <Equity> CN <GO>) Link to Company News: {2909730Z BZ <Equity> CN 
<GO>) 
For Related News and Information: 
First Word scrolling panel: {FIRST<GO>} 
First Word newswire: {NH BFW<GO>} 
To contact the editor responsible for this story: 
Scott Schnipper at 
EFTA_R1_00517500 
EFTA02014766
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jefferies High Yield Trading ("JHYT") is a registered broker-dealer focused on secondary 
trading of high yield debt with institutional clients. If you are receiving this email in 
connection with secondary trading of high yield debt, the person sending the email 
is acting in his/her capacity as a JHYT employee. If you are receiving this email in 
connection with a primary offering, the person sending the email is acting in his/her 
capacity as a Jefferies employee. 
Jefferies and JHYT archives and monitors outgoing and incoming e-mail.The contents of 
this email, including any attachments, are confidential to the ordinary user of the 
email address to which it was addressed. If you are not the addressee of this email 
you may not copy, forward, disclose or otherwise use it or any part of it in any 
form whatsoever. It may be produced at the request of regulators or in connection 
with civil litigation. Jefferies accepts no liability for any errors or omissions arising 
as a result of transmission. Use by other than intended recipients is prohibited.in 
the United Kingdom, Jefferies operates as Jefferies International Limited ("JIL"). 
JIL is registered in England, No. 1978621. JIL's registered office is at Vintners 
Place, 68 Upper Thames Street, London EC4V 3BJ. JIL is authorised and 
regulated by the Financial Services Authority. 
The Children's Investment Fund Management (UK) LLP ("TCI") is a limited liability 
partnership incorporated and existing under the laws of England and Wales. TCI is 
registered with Companies House with registered number OC304797 and is 
authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority with registered 
number 226074. 
This communication contains confidential information and is intended only for the named 
addressee. If you arc not the named addressee or if this communication has been 
addressed or sent to you in error, you should not disseminate, distribute, alter or 
copy this communication or any pan of it. Please notify the sender immediately if 
you have received this communication by mistake and delete this communication 
from your physical and electronic records. 
This communication is not a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related 
financial instruments in any jurisdiction. In any event, this communication is 
provided for informational purposes only and neither it, any attachment to it, nor 
any part of their contents should be relied upon by any person for any purpose 
including, without limitation, for the purpose of making any investment decision. 
TCI has taken every reasonable precaution to ensure that any attachment to this 
communication has been swept for viruses. However, TCI cannot accept liability 
for any damage sustained as a result of software viruses. You must carry out your 
own virus checks before opening any attachment. 
TCI reserves the right to monitor and record all communications. By responding to this or 
any other communication (whether oral or written) from or on behalf of TCi, you 
are deemed to have consented to such monitoring and recording. 
EFTA_R1_00517501 
EFTA02014767

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014768.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Larry[©] 
Cc: 
Darren Indyket@J; Rich Kahn[Q] 
From: 
Gary Anzalone 
Subject: Re: Bell 430 
Be careful! Yes I do have a prospective buyer for a Boeing 
Original Message 
From: LVJET@aol.com 
To: 
Cc: Darren Indyke 
Cc: Rich Kahn 
ReplyTo: 
Subject: Re: Bell 430 
Sent: May 16, 2012 4:17 PM 
EFTA_R1_00517502 
EFTA02014768

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014769.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacationftmail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Scott Denett 
Sent 
Tue 5/24/2011 12:12:20 PM 
Subject: Re: 
will do 
On May 24, 2011, at 8:05 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
microwave/J? first scott.. stereo speakers.. high db outpput.. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517504 
EFTA02014769

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014770.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Wed 6/1/2011 2:15:51 PM 
i hope you are enjoying such a wonderfull day !!! 
EFTA_R1_00517505 
EFTA02014770

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014771.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Cc: 
Je vacation 'eevacationftmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Subject Re: Fwd: 
jeevacation©gmail.comfleevacationeggmail.comj: Ivjetegaol.com 
Sat 3/23/20131:12:14 PM 
Perfect! Thanks 
On Mar 23, 2013, at 2:07 PM, 
wrote: 
They found the Phone, had to take seat frame apart, phone fell deep into frame 
I'll have car service deliver to 22 Ave Foch, asap. 
Thank you, 
Larry 
Sent via BlackBeny by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sat, 23 Mar 2013 12:04:03 +0100 
To: Ivjet<
>; 
Subject: Fwd: 
Forwarded message 
From: soon yi previn 
Date: Sat, Mar 23, 2013 at 12:01 PM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
Did they find Bechet's phone on the plane by any chance? I would love it if they did. I 
prefer when she goes out that she has phone so I can get in touch with her. 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone• 
On Mar 23, 2013, at 6:18 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <ieevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
should we walk the shops on ave montaigne at 230? 
******* 
*************** 
********* 
*********** 
***************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA_R1_00517506 
EFTA02014771
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
***************** 
********** 
****************** 
************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517507 
EFTA02014772

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014773.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Cc: 
From: 
Je rey pstein 
Sent: 
Sat 5/19/2012 11:46:41 AM 
are you still coming on mon 
EFTA_R1_00517508 
EFTA02014773

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014774.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
2011 09:08:39 
To: 
EFTA_R1_00517509 
EFTA02014774

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014775.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
)eevacation 
nnaitconnUeevacation/pgrnailton*JeffreyEpsteinueevacation4pgnuaconA 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 12/8/2011 11:41:20 PM 
driving back home, 
ian told me he 11 write tomorrow where they have confirence, because i want to 
go there 
EFTA_R1_00517514 
EFTA02014775

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014776.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent 
Wed 4/17/2013 9:01:27 PM 
Subject: RE: 
Just starting a treatment of my eyes and lasering of my retina. 
Will not be able to write for next few hours 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 4/17/2013 13:45 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
i suggest the following type of email. 
Hossain, I have decided not to make an investment in 
your co at this time. As we , bgi, had signed a confidentiality provision I felt I had no legal 
choice but to agree as you asked, that I not share our findings and disagreements about valuation 
with Jeffrey. I have not done so,In addition neither Bill nor I can accept any advisor shares as you 
suggested and wish you well and good luck with your co. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517515 
EFTA02014776

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014777.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
Fri. 18 Nov 2011 12:37:58=20 
To: 
Subject: 
=20 
EFTA_R1_00517516 
EFTA02014777

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014778.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Epstein Jeffrey[jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Thur 4/12/2012 10:11:11 AM 
Subject: Schedule 
8:30 blood test at dr Merrell 
EFTA_R1_00517517 
EFTA02014778

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014779.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation 
mail.com[jeeyacation©gmaitcom] Jeffrey Ep[jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Sun /9/2 12 5:43:36 PM 
Subject: 
Re: 
London 
Verstuurd met mijn BlackBerry 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 9 Sep 2012 07:36:30 -0400 
To: 
Subject: 
where ? 
***** 
**************** 
******** 
*** ******* 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jec\ deaf ion@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517518 
EFTA02014779

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014780.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
' va ati n 
mail.conteevacation©gmail.com]; Je vacation[jeevacation@gmaitcom] 
From: 
Sent 
Sat 2/25/2012 11:31:17 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Just called Flight options, 
They do not operate king airs any longer, smallest is beachJet or Phenom VU, tomorrow 
considered peak travel day for Flight opt, and requires advance notice, would have to request trip 
and approval is based on availability 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 25 Feb 2012 16:24:51 -0700 
To: 
Subject: 
find out if flight options has a king air to go from moriarity to aspen and back tomorow. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517519 
EFTA02014780

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014781.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epstein [jeeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Nina K. 
Sent: 
Sun 9/25/2011 5:41:37 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Your friend sent me this this morning: 
"Are you home already? I came on an agricultural development idea that might 
interest you. When do you get back? No response to my last note?" 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
EFTA_R1_00517520 
EFTA02014781

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014782.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeevacation leevacationfpgmail.conn> 
To: 
EFTA_R1_00517521 
EFTA02014782

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014783.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
Mon. 23 May 2011 12:04:17=20 
To: 
Subject: 
=20 
EFTA_R1_00517522 
EFTA02014783

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014784.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyeeation@gmaiteomueevacation©gmaiLeom]; Jeffrey Epstein 
CCfieeyeeation@gmailmom] 
Fran: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Thur 11/17/2011 9:07:35 PM 
Subject: Call w/George Delson tomorrow? 
George Delson would like to have a conversation with you tomorrow. Would you like to have 
this call and would 11:30 be good? 
Friday Nov. 18: 
10:00 Appt 
12:30 Lunch wh im Zagat, Sarah at Jean Georges, 1 Central Park West, 61g & 
CPW 
3:00 Appt w/Dangene & Jennie at Core Club 
4:45 Appt w/Gabrielle Fitzgerald & Dick from Gates Foundation 
cell)) 
6:00 Dinner w/Woody Allen & Soon Yi (Assistant Kathryn: 
EFTA_R1_00517523 
EFTA02014784

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014785.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmaiLcom 
Subject: Re: AN OLDER MAN 
From: 
"Gmax" 
EFTA_R1_00517525 
EFTA02014785

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014786.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation 
From: 
Faith Kates 
To: 
leevacation gmai .com <jeevaca ion grnail.corn> 
Sent: 
Friday, January 21, 2011 11:35:31 PM 
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00517526 
EFTA02014786

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014787.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffres[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 4/9/2012 11:17:10 AM 
Subject: Re: 
I will put in calendar. Thx 
EFTA_R1_00517527 
EFTA02014787

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014788.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 4/12/2012 6:30:22 PM 
Subject: 
Leon Black 
Leon Black is asking for your schedule on Sunday at Harvard... 
EFTA_R1_00517528 
EFTA02014788

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014789.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
mail.comueevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail corn] 
Fran: 
Sent 
Mon 2/14/2011 3:02:04 PM 
Subject Re: 
thx...don't really believe in it though! 
happy V day to u too 
2011/2/14 Jeffrey Epstein leevacationQgmail.corn>
happy valentibe 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to kevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517529 
EFTA02014789

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014790.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014790.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmaitcomfjeevacationetgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Jennifer Jactaiet 
Sent 
Thur 7/21/2011 2:34:01 PM 
Subject: Re: 
A popular training ground for legerdemain. Ohio, too, but we don't get the cool accent. 
On Jul 21, 2011, at 10:25 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
coney island- come see the amazing butter put on the man-eating chicken„ when 
you walked into the tent lo and behold there was a fat guy eating a chicken wing 
On Thu, Jul 21, 2011 at 10:20 AM, Jennifer Jacquct < 
wrote: 
Coney Island. 
On Jul 21, 2011, at 10:11 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
not spray„ shpritz.. 
gentile - jewish 
On Thu, Jul 21 2011 at 10:10 AM Jennifer Jacquet 
wrote: 
Yes. A friend is visiting from VT, though. Rumor has it Eva will 
come next weekend. I head back west July 31st, like a loser. 
Spray, spray. 
On Jul 21, 2011, at 9:57 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
are you around this weekend? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ke‘ acationRgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517530 
EFTA02014790
--- PAGE 2 ---
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517531 
EFTA02014791

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014792.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'esevacation 
mail.com 'eevacation@gmail.com] Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
ue 
• 
•
. . 
Subject Re: 
Great! I'm coming back from Russia-Phuket on the 30th 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Moa0100 
To: Irina 
Subject: 
I will be back the 2th 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationQgmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517532 
EFTA02014792

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014793.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Al seckel 
Sent: 
Thur 12/9/2010 3:13:10 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I agree about moving on, and I understand your, but you had people on your side, who 
actually were trying to insure that it didn't collapse... It was the time wasted during the 
day because of the other distractions. If you had just said, "taking care of it," he would 
have gone out , got the new computer, and reset the system. Also, note that no one 
was asking for any additional monies, and the costs would have been absorbed on his 
end. He had just bought some expensive software on your behalf. That was why his 
account was low, and I don't have the funds to cover it either. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Thu, December 9, 2010 7:00:22 AM 
Subject: Re: 
lets move on... I cannot be at the mercy of an operation that collapses for lack of twenty five 
hundred dollars. I will find another avenue 
On Thu, Dec 9, 2010 at 9:55 AM, Al seckel 
wrote: 
The problem wasn't from "management." 
From: Jeffrey 
' < 
maii.com> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Thu, December 9, 2010 6:44:49 AM 
Subject: 
I will try to find someone else to manage this process. thanks for your help.. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_00517533 
EFTA02014793
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_00517534 
EFTA02014794

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014795.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014795.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.comlieevacationgnmail.com]: 
cc: 
From: 
David Stem 
Sent: 
Thur 5/17/2012 12:00:35 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Je ma eevacation@gmail.comj 
All done. Details below. 
Let's meet at the Eurostar Check St Pancras at 18:15. 
What's your mobile number? 
How romantic to go to Paris with you! 
David 
View or amend your booking 
TOTAL AMOUNT PAID 
£299.5 
Your Itinerary 
©0utward Journey Friday May 18th, 2012 
From: 
to: 
London St Pancras 
Paris Nord 
Departure: 
19:01 
London St Pancras 
Coach: 
Arrival: 
22:17 
Paris Nord 
05. 
Scat: 
Departure: 
Arrival: 
19:01 
22:17 
(local time) 
(local time) 
Duration: 
Train operator: 
02h16m 
Eurostar 
x Adult(O£154.50) 
Train no: 
9050 
Standard Semi-flexible 
Semi-flexible: 
Total cost of outward journey: 
£154.50 
Exchangeable before and up to 2 months after 
departure by paying a difference in price with 
the next available fare in the same class and a 
fixed fee of E22 (or C33) per person per leg. 
Refundable before and up to 2 months after 
departure subject to a fixed fee of £22 (or C33) 
per person per leg. 
Refunds for unused legs of a return journey 
will be the difference between the total 
EFTA_R1_00517535 
EFTA02014795
--- PAGE 2 ---
price of the booking and the list price of a 
single minus the £22 (or C33) fixed penalty. 
See fare conditions 
IllInbound journey : Sunday May 20th, 2012 
From: 
Paris Nord 
to: 
London St Pancras 
Departure: 
Arrival: 
18:43 
20:00 
(local time) 
(local time) 
Departure: 
Arrival: 
Duration: 
Train operator: 
Train no: 
18:43 
20:00 
02h17m 
Eurostar 
9053 
Paris Nord 
London St 
Pancras 
Coach: 
WWI 
Seat: 
Standard Semi-flexible 
Semi-flexible: 
Exchangeable before and up to 2 months after 
departure by paying a difference in price with 
the next available fare in the same class and a 
fixed fee of £22 (or €33) per person per leg. 
Refundable before and up to 2 months after 
departure subject to a fixed fee of £22 (or €33) 
per person per leg. 
Refunds for unused legs of a return journey 
will be the difference between the total 
price of the booking and the list price of a 
single minus the £22 (or C33) fixed penalty. 
See fare conditions 
x Adult(©£145.00) 
Total cost of inbound journey: 
On 17 May 2012, at 12:39, 
wrote: 
Thank you David. 
Sunday would be great if I could catch a train at 6 or 7 PM would work perfect. 
Pm looking forward meeting you! 
Best 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device 
£145.00 
EFTA_R1_00517536 
EFTA02014796
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: 
Date: Thu, 17 May 2012 11:36:14 +0000 
To: 
Cc: O; 
Jeffrey Epsteinieevacation@gmail.com>
Subject: Re: 
Great. I will get the tickets and have it with me when we meet. What time on Sunday do 
you want to return? 
From: 
Date: Thu, 17 May 2012 11:33:28 +0000 
To: David Stern< 
Repl To: 
Cc: 
; Je maillecvacationaemail.com>
Subject: Re: 
Hi David, 
Does 19:01 work for you? For me is perfect! 
Thanks 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device 
From: David Stem < 
Date: Thu, 17 May 2012 12:21:23 +0100 
To: 
Cc: 
Jeffrey Epsteinieevacation@gmail.com>
Subject: Re: 
We can take train at: 
19:01 (arriving Paris 22:17) 
or 
20:01 (arriving Paris 23:17) 
Can you book your preferred time and let me know? 
Thanks 
David 
On 17 May 2012, at 12:12, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
yes„ i have guests on sat afternoon„ 
On Thu, May 17, 2012 at 1:05 PM, 
wrote: 
Leaving at 7-8PM on Friday is perfect, could I stay till sunday 
EFTA_R1_00517537 
EFTA02014797
--- PAGE 4 ---
afternoon? I can stay over a friends place Saturday night not to 
bother u too long :) 
Thanks 
Sent from my BlackBerryt wireless device 
From: Jeffrey Epstein lecvacation@gmail.com>
Date: Thu 17 Ma 2012 11:53:39 +0200 
To: 
Subject: 
as i iwant to see you david is trying to arrange for you to travel on the train leaving 
at 2000. you will return sat afternoon. we will be able to spend 
time togetjer , but more importantly i wanted you to meet him so he 
can help 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jee‘acation@grnail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA_R1_00517538 
EFTA02014798
--- PAGE 5 ---
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517539 
EFTA02014799

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014800.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
• 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Epstein Jeffrey[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 9/20/2012 4:55:44 PM 
Subject: Ian Osborne 
Ian Osborne returned your call. 
EFTA_R1_00517540 
EFTA02014800

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014801.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014801.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation gmail.com 
From: 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: No subject 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 8, 2011 12:55:01 AM 
EFTA_R1_00517541 
EFTA02014801

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014802.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gm il. m ' 
v 
ti n 
mil. m • 'effrey epsteinlieevacation©gmail.comj 
Cc: 
Giuffrida, David 
From: 
Barrett, Paul S 
Sent: 
Thur 3/3/2011 7:09:15 PM 
Subject: RE: SGD 
We sold $5MM and bought SGD for value May 18th
Paul 
From: Jeffrey epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, March 03, 2011 12:50 PM 
To: Barrett, Paul S 
Subject: Re: SGD 
Ok 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhonc 
On Mar 3, 2011, at 8:55 AM, "Barrett, Paul S" 
Hi Jeffrey 
wrote: 
I think we should start building a position in the SGD vs USD. The authorities use the 
currency to control inflation and we expect a slow gradual move higher. I would like to 
get $5MM on here with the intention to add another $5MM. 
Let me know 
Paul 
EFTA_R1_00517542 
EFTA02014802
--- PAGE 2 ---
Paul Barrett, CFA 
Managing Director 
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
JPMorgan Private Bank 
40W 57th Street, 33rd Floor, New York, NY 10019 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions 
including on offers for the purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and 
completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal 
entity disclaimers, available at http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosurcs/email.
EFTA_R1_00517543 
EFTA02014803

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014804.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmaitcom]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
M27/2011 7:54:25 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Sounds great 
Sent from my iPad 
On Dec 26, 2011, at 5:41 PM, Jeffrey Epstein tgyucationegmail com> wrote: 
at the moment lsj to ny on the morning of the 2nd„ 10 oclock, to ny. ,„ paris on 
the night, of the 12th. , then the 14 to astana, 15, ivory coast, 17 snegal, 18th Isj, 
palm beach, 26 new york, feb 2 lsj, lsj sfe, 21 , sfe longbeach, 27-31. march 1 
new york, 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517544 
EFTA02014804

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014805.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014805.pdf
----------------------------------------
To:
Cc: 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent 
Thur 8/9/2012 5:30:21 PM 
Subject Re: 
?? 
EFTA_R1_00517545 
EFTA02014805

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014806.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.combeevacation@gmail.com] Jeff Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
Fran: 
Sent 
Sun 10/7/2012 4:18:25 PM 
Subject 
Re: 
BON VOYAGE! 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.coun> 
Date: Sun. 7 Oct 2012 10:37:01 -0400 
To 
Subject: 
see you thrc 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationQgmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517546 
EFTA02014806

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014807.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.con[jeevacation@gmail.com]; 
jeevacatio 
•• evacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: Re: (no subject) 
confirmed, thank you,. 
Larry 
In a message dated 12/15/2011 11:50:58 A.M. Eastern Standard Time. jeevacation@gmail.com writes: 
FINAL PLAN..ny - Isj sun morning.. early, till JAn 3rd.d 
Thur 12/15/2011 4:52:15 PM 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retum e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationacimail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517548 
EFTA02014807

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014808.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014808.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
jeffrey epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Received: 
Wed 14 Dec 2011 20:51:32=20 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
EFTA_R1_00517550 
EFTA02014808

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014809.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
To: 
"Jeffrey" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
From: 
Received: 
Tue, 17 Jul 2012 00:49:53 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00517551 
EFTA02014809

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014810.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation 
mail.compeeyacation@gmail.com] Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 9/26/2011 5:21:19 PM 
Subject Re: Jen 
picking her up and we go to your place 
Best regards, 
OrnpaaneHo c iPhone 
26.09.2011, a 13:46, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@grnail.com> aanncan(a): 
great 
On Mon, Sep 26, 2011 at 1:13 PM, 
(Elite ) 20yo 
supposed to see her before weekend but she couldnt , this week i hope, 
keep you posted 
Best regards, 
ELITE RETAIL 
Store Manager 
14, Avenue George V 
75008 Paris. France 
w\‘ w elnemodelworld corn 
*********************************************************** 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00517552 
EFTA02014810
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517553 
EFTA02014811

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014812.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationajmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Steve Hanson 
Sent 
Tue 4/2/2013 11:57:36 AM 
Subject: Will u be in nyc + free this week ? 
Title: Will u be in nyc + free this week ? 
Sent from Steve Hanson's Blackberry 
Proud to be the first national multi-concept restaurant group to be certified Green by the Green Restaurant Association 
Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail transmission and any file or previous e-mail attached to it is intended to be viewed only 
by the party to which it is addressed and may contain valuable business information that is confidential andfor otherwise 
protected from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient you arc hereby notified that any 
review, disclosure, dissemination or use of any of the information contained in or attached to this transmission is 
STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Thank you for your cooperation. 
EFTA_R1_00517554 
EFTA02014812

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014813.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.corn> 
Received: 
Wed, 14 Dec 2011 23:56:34=20 
To: 
Subject: 
=20 
EFTA_R1_00517555 
EFTA02014813

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014814.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014814.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]: jeffrey epsteinlieeyacation©gmail.com1 
From: 
Sent: 
Wed 3/14/2012 1:13:53 PM 
Subject: Re: 
So happy you're coming! 
Von: .effre e stein <.eevacation 
mail.com> 
An: 
Gesendet: 4:07 Samstag, 10.Marz 2012 
Betreff: Re: 
Yes and meet 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhonc 
On Mar 9, 2012, at 10:10 PM, 
wrote: 
So I went out alone in a club and started to talk with girls but then what? 
Get their number? 
EFTA_R1_00517556 
EFTA02014814

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014815.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014815.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eevacation 
maitcompeevacationagmail.comi; Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 12/1/2011 11:42:01 PM 
Subject Elen 
I spoke to Ito 
organize Jojo delivering her jewellery. She told me she is thinking about 
changing her ticket to Brazil to the 20th of December. She said - so she can stay in NY to DJ and 
maybe come down to the island for a few days 
EFTA_R1_00517557 
EFTA02014815

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014816.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeeyacationellgmail.com]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmaii corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 3/22/2012 4:04:30 PM 
Subject Re: 
left with the kids for a weekend, asked if you can see her monday. 
she will be free any time on monday... 
p.s a lot of cute girls here, maybe you II fly here , ill prepare everything for you here. 
regarding the casting from New Madison.. there is a possibility to see a lot of models from this 
agency, but casting we can do just at the agency Saturday ( rue Ours 10district paris) i 11 do, you 
just need to seat next to and tell whom u like. 
ok? 
Best re ards 
Compatriot° c iPhone 
mars 2012, a 16;18, Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacationeamail.com> Hamican(a): 
today. either 5 or 630? 
******************************** 
******* 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517558 
EFTA02014816

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014817.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey epstein 
(jeevacationggmail.com)(jeffrey epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com)J; 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Matthew I. Menchel 
Sent 
Tue 10/18/2011 4:01:51 PM 
I was speaking to Lilly and your name came up. Hope you are well. 
Matthew I. Menchel 
KOBRE & KIM LLP 
kobrekur corn 
New York I London I Hong Kong I Washington DC I Miami 
EFTA_R1_00517563 
EFTA02014817

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014818.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014818.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Station of No Station 
Matt MacDonald 
Taylor Congleton < 
> Date: June 5, 2011 10:02:21 PM EDT To: 
Cc: Andrine Morse 
ick de Pencier 
ubject: Jeffrey Epstein Dear Team, Here is Jeffrey Epstein's mailing 
address. 
Jeffrey Epstein c1 
EaSt 
7:st 
Stru 
EFTA_R1_00517565 
EFTA02014818

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014819.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014819.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmall.comkevacationftmaIl.comb Jefffrey Epstein[jeeyacation@gmail corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 11/1/2011 11:11:56 AM 
Subject Matt Menchel 
I have 4:00 Dangene for you. Would you like to have lunch with man? I k ow you are booked on 
a Thursday night flight to paris. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Matthew I. Menchel" 
Date: November I, 2011 6:47:48 AM 
To: "Teevaeation@gmail.comm <jeevaeation@gmail.com>
Cc: 
Subject: iti 
You thinking lunch or dinner? 
Matthew I. Menchel 
KOBRE & KIM LLP 
www.kobrekim.com 
New York I London I Hong Kong I Washington, DC I Miami 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, October 31, 2011 08:06 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subje : e: 
thurs? 
On Mon Oct 31 2011 at 8:00 PM Matthew I. Menchel 
wrote: 
Be in New York starting tomorrow and will be there for the next 3 weeks. This week 
would be best because once I start the hearing, I'll be pretty engaged (and no fun to be 
around). 
EFTA_R1_00517566 
EFTA02014819
--- PAGE 2 ---
Matthew 1. Menchel 
KOBRE & KIN! LLP 
www.kobrekim.com 
Ncw York I London 
Hong Kong 
Washington DC 
Miami 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [maiitoticcvacation(aigmail.comi
Sent: Wednesday, October 26, 2011 9:56 AM 
To: Matthew I. Menchel 
Subject: 
do you have your new york dates yet.? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationfiFilmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This e-mail message is from Kobre & Kim LLP, a law firm, and may contain 
legally privileged and/or confidential information. If the reader of 
this message is not the intended recipient(s), or the employee or 
agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended 
EFTA_R1_00517567 
EFTA02014820
--- PAGE 3 ---
recipient(s), you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail message is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please 
notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail message and any 
attachments from your computer without retaining a copy. 
IRS Circular 230 disclosure: Any tax advice contained in this communication 
(including any attachments or enclosures) was not intended or 
written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) 
avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) 
promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any 
transaction or matter addressed in this communication. (The 
foregoing disclaimer has been affixed pursuant to U.S. Treasury 
regulations governing tax practitioners.) 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to icevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This e-mail message is from Kobre & Kim LLP, a law firm, and may contain 
legally privileged and/or confidential information. If the reader of 
this message is not the intended recipient(s), or the employee or 
agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended 
recipient(s), you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail message is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please 
notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail message and any 
attachments from your computer without retaining a copy. 
IRS Circular 230 disclosure: Any tax advice contained in this communication 
(including any attachments or enclosures) was not intended or 
written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) 
avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) 
promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any 
transaction or matter addressed in this communication. (The 
foregoing disclaimer has been affixed pursuant to U.S. Treasury 
regulations governing tax practitioners.) 
EFTA_R1_00517568 
EFTA02014821

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014822.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014822.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; J Jepueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
GMAX 
Sent: 
Sun 8/512012 9:55:50 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Title: Re: Love that - didn't we go fossil hunting with him and Bobby Kennedy in N 
Dakota? 
From: J Jep <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sat, 4 Aug 2012 23:12:32 -0400 
To: Gmax < 
dinosaur and fossill hunitng with jack horner on the ranch, found 90 million year 
old clams and fossils. right up your alley 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517569 
EFTA02014822

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014823.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014823.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation gmail.com[jeevacation gmail.com]; 
Tom SallEINIM= 
c: 
jeevaca ion gmai .com eevaca ion gmai .com 
From: 
Warwick Wicksman 
Sent: 
Wed 2/23/2011 7:10:32 PM 
Subject: RE: flagpole pool 
Gary, 
Please let me know when we can speak about this more. I am concerned about 
just drawing something up, and having it built, with no real "design". I do not 
recommend building the pool house with no relationship to the design of the 
adjacent cabana structures. This will be pretty visible from above when Jeffrey flies 
in, and from the sea, and it needs to look right. 
I am available today until 12 LA time, or 2-4. Also tomorrow after 10am LA time. 
Thanks, 
Warwick 
Warwick Wicksman, AIA 
Princi al 
Gensler 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Santa Monica, California 90404 
USA 
ritt0://www Gensletsum 
Click here to view Gensler's 2010 Annual Report. 
From: Warwick Wicksman 
Sent: Wednesday, February 23, 2011 7:22 AM 
To 
Tom Sze 
Cc: jeevacation@gmail.com ; 
Subject: Re: flagpole pool 
EFTA_R1_00517570 
EFTA02014823
--- PAGE 2 ---
I'll get you a proposal for plans sections and elevations today. 
Thanks, 
Warwick Wicksman 
Principal 
Sent from my BlackBerry Device. 
From: Gary Kerney 
To: Warwick Wicksman; om ze 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>; William Rowles 
Sent: Wed 
Subject: RE: flagpole pool 
Warwick 
It is a very simple building,and I gave you the design outline,' will do structuals here and we are using 
trusses,' would think you can get me a set of drawings in a couple days. 
Please call me 
Gary 
From: Warwick Wicksman [mai 
Sent: Tue 2/22/2011 8:13 PM 
To: Gary Kerney; Tom Sze 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein; William Rowles; 
Subject: RE: flagpole pool 
Gary. 
I got the sketches you sent, and attached is an updated plan sketch based on the new comments. But I am 
confused about what you are asking us to provide. Our proposal was for conceptual design. It sounds like 
you arc jumping from that to permit drawings in one week. Is that what you now need'? And who is 
engineering the building, including the slab and foundations'? 
Thanks, 
Wanvick 
EFTA_R1_00517571 
EFTA02014824
--- PAGE 3 ---
Warwick Wicicsman, AIA 
Princi 1 
Gensler 
2500 Broadway 
Suite 300 
Santa Monica, California 90404 
USA 
htto://vAnv.Genster.com 
Click bon to view Genslees 2010 Annual Report. 
From: Gary Kerney [mailt 
Sent: Saturday, February 
To: Warwick Wicksman: Tom Sze 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein; William Rowles; 
Subject: flagpole pool 
Wawick 
Specifications for construction development drawings.I need a quick turn around ,can form slab next week. 
Revised bath and kitchen programs attached 
Revised site plan attached 
BUILDING 
block structure 
10' ceiling 
plaster finish in and out 
truss roof 
insulated and corr.metal roofing same as main compound 
crown molding and copper gutter same as main compound 
roll down hurricane shutters on 8' sliding glass doors(jeffrey mirrored?) 
EFTA_R1_00517572 
EFTA02014825
--- PAGE 4 ---
mechinacial awning over sliding door 
all other doors slabs 
INTERIOR 
floors stained concrete floors 
manufactured kitchen cabinets 
30" refrigerator 
30"range 
Ice maker 
dbl. sink 
bath to be ceramic tile floor and shower(small 
wood vanity top,with vessel sink 
Grohe shower fixtures all other American Standerd or cq. 
corner sconces in livingroom 
recess can liting 
all liting on dimmers 
all base wall outlets to be 112 switched 
POOL 
current thinking to reflect on next generation of image review 
10x30 shade structure one each side 
2x2 plaster col's 9' high 
10" thick solid top ( 2' overhang?) 
ceiling cans,col. sconces,ceiling fans 
EFTA_R1_00517573 
EFTA02014826

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014827.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014827.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; 
jeeyacation@gmail.conteeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 9/6/2011 3:44:18 PM 
Subject: Re: 
ok 
---Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation©grnail.com> 
To: app0001 
Sent: Tue, Sep 6. 2011 11:40 am 
Subject: Re: 
230 --340 775 2525 
On Tue, Sep 6, 2011 at 11:06 AM, 
When can we talk? 
wrote: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeyacation(aomail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517574 
EFTA02014827

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014828.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014828.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationftmail.com[jeevacation(ggmaitcom]; Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Hatton.lm 
Sent 
Mon 4/8/2013 3:44:46 PM 
Subject: Re: Thank you 
Thank you. Let me know if I can do anything in the mean time. 
Lena 
On Apr 6, 2013, at 11:17 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationftmail.com> wrote: 
i will consisder your suggestion 
On Fri, Apr 5, 2013 at 10:17 AM, Lena 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Thank you for considering me for the position. After speaking with 
I understand 
your concerns regarding training. However, I still believe I would be excellent for 
this role. I want this position and I have the drive to learn and learn quickly. I 
would be willing to work for a for a trial period of time without pay. My hope is 
during this time and after evaluating my work you would reconsider. Let me 
know your thoughts. 
Thanks, 
Lcna 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517575 
EFTA02014828

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014829.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eeyacation gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com] Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 5/31/2012 8:27:34 PM 
Subject Re: 
Price 4 500,terms 111 check, I said I want for I year 
Envoye avec BlackBerry® d'Orange 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 31 May 2012 15:52:55 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
price ?? tams 
On Thu, May 31, 2012 at 3:44 PM, 
wrote: 
hi, how r u? 
i saw the first office today, address is perfect: 
fight on the top of 
famous restaurant L'Avenue, will have all pictures on monday, 11 send you right away. 
60m2 open space (disadvantage) with tables, the owner can leave all furniture for us, we will 
need just to add tv and computers. 
very cozy, nice, clean office 
i liked it very much, even i think its not enought space (for 3-4 people ok, but to do casting for 
example-no) 
i continious to search 
Best regards, 
Official representative France 
WORLD FASHION CHANNEL 
GSM 
GSM 
E-mail: 
Best regards, 
Official representative France 
WORLD FASHION CHANNEL 
GSM 
GSM 
EFTA_R1_00517576 
EFTA02014829
--- PAGE 2 ---
E-mail: 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517577 
EFTA02014830

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014831.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014831.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
David MitchelIMI 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: Re: 
Hownuch? 
EFTA_R1_00517578 
EFTA02014831

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014832.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'eev ati n 
mil. m 
v 
ti n 
mail.com]: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Cc: 
From: 
agnani !arc° 
Sent: 
Thur 6/30/2011 2:41:51 PM 
Subject: R: HKS 
Boris: thanks for your support on this. 
Jeffrey: would be great to meet if/when you have time. Fyi, I'll be in NY from Sat July 9th to Th July 21. 
Re David Gergen: on Tue 7/12 he should be guest speaker at the WEF offices in NY for a group of YGL. I 
will be there but it may not be the best time to talk. 
If he is available for a "lonl" while he is NY (earlier or later that day or the following days) that would be 
great. 
If not, I am happy to go for a day to see him from NY to Cambridge later in the week or early the 
following. 
Don't know if possible, but it would certainly be great to catch both Gergen and Summers on the same 
day in Boston ! 
I am very flexible on the day. 
Anyway, pls advice on next steps on my part. 
Thank you to both of you, 
Marco 
Da: Boris Nikolic [mailto 
Inviato: Wednesday, June 29, 2011 03:35 AM 
A: Magnani Marco; Jeffrey Epstein (jeeyacation©gmail.com) <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Oggetto: FW: Files attached 
Jeffrey meet Marco, Marco meet Jeffrey, 
I talked to each of you so I will keep this intro short. 
Marco — Jeffrey asked David Gergen to meet you and he will do so. 
Jeffrey — what is the best next step? That you forward it to David, cc Marco? 
Jeffrey — THANK YOU! 
EFTA_R1_00517579 
EFTA02014832
--- PAGE 2 ---
You two should meet at some point. 
All the best 
Boris 
EFTA_R1_00517580 
EFTA02014833

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014834.pdf
----------------------------------------
r maii co" 
Fran: 
Match.com 
Sent: 
Fri 10/5/2012 10:08:41 PM 
Subject: 
Here's 72 Hours FREE - Have Fun! 
sultan175, don't miss out on this limited-time offer. 
Find that special someone with three days of full access - compliments of your 
friends at Match.com. 
Because you asked to be notified of Match.com Special Offers, we will send you emails such as this on a periodic basis. 
To unsubscribe from this type of email. please click here within 30 days 04 receipt. Or. contact Customer Service. 
Please note: This email may contain advertisements. 
Match corn P.O. Box 25472. Dallas. TX 75225 
EFTA_R1_00517584 
EFTA02014834

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014835.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014835.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
v 
ti n < 'eevacati n 
mail.c m > Dt : Mon, 2 Aug 2010 20:33:14 -0400 To: 
apartments. I 
ent from my iPhone On Aug 2, 2010, at 7:47 PM, 
wrote: Just wanted to share, I rented another 2 
am the best so far out of everyone who started with me or slightly 
before me :) Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
EFTA_R1_00517585 
EFTA02014835

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014836.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
'e v 
tin 
mil. m 'eeyacation@gmail.com] Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
ue 
/ 
1: 
:11 
Subject: Re: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Aisha can come tomorrow annaid 
that 
is in relationship now and can't meet..
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue 5 Jul 2011 08:54:11 -0400 
To: Irina< 
Subject: 
aisha? 
********* 
************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jot:\ acation@gmaii.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517586 
EFTA02014836

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014837.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Steven Sinofsky 
Sent: 
Mon 1/28/2013 1:45:02 PM 
Subject: FW: connection 
Sent from Surface RT 
From: Marc Andreessen 
Sent: January 15, 2013 12:24 PM 
To: Steven Sinofsky, Egon Durban 
Subject: connection 
In case you gentlemen have not met one another... 
Steven, Egon is the co-head of Silver Lake, the only large-scale buyout firm in the world that can 
actually do tech buyouts in my opinion. We at AH are very close to Silver Lake and were their 
partner on the Skype deal. 
Egon, Steven is the recently departed senior Microsoft executive who ran Windows 8 as well as 
many other projects there over the last 20 years. In a parallel universe, he'd be Steve Ballmer's 
successor. 
I think you'd enjoy getting to know each other completely independently and in addition to 
discussing any particular cosmic deals that might be in the works... 
Marc 
Marc Andreessen 
EFTA_R1_00517587 
EFTA02014837

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014838.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmaitconteevacation©gmail.comj: Jeffrey epsteinueevacatiom(2Qgmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
i
l l...10:23:44 
AM 
Hi Jeffrey, 
How are you doing? 
I am good ..having some fun with French boys between work and study! But definitely they 
are nothing compared to you..american boy ;) 
I Submitted the
pplication with all the papers needed, only LSAT score is missing for 
the moment. I also sent them by postal mail about 10 dfferent diplomas from 
etc... showing 
t em ow a vane 
in i erent areas am -- 
e ete y wi 
y to 
or t is course hoping to 
be better prepared for LSAt even if my parents are against..like always 
At the moment I work a LOT (about 15 hours per day) at 
n this recent case concerning 
. its so 
exiting> its actually what I do like, not 
here arc some news 
big kissss 
EFTA_R1_00517588 
EFTA02014838

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014839.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: 
please send details. On Tue, Jul 17, 2012 at 4:13 PM, 
wrote: 
Larry Moens has found a townhouse (one of two built together in 1983 on a single 
lot) in a distress sale. It had been on for $2.2 million now in a short sale at 
$775,000. The other townhouse on the lot is in an estate. Moens owns the adjacent 
building and thinks of it as an assemblage. It is on the Intracoastal just north 
of the par 3 golf course. He wants me to buy this and redevelop with him. Would 
you be intersted in backing me in this if it works out? 
EFTA_R1_00517589 
EFTA02014839

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014840.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sent from my iPhone 
To: 
jeevacationtegmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Garykerney 
Sent 
Thur 3/17/2011 1:38:43 PM 
Do you want to take the cottage three deck out and incorporate in the new coral 
deck 
EFTA_R1_00517591 
EFTA02014840

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014841.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014841.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
To: 
"Jeffrey" cjeevacation©gmail.com>, 
From: 
Received: 
Sat. 28 Jan 2012 13:56:42 +0000 
EFTA_R1_00517593 
EFTA02014841

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014842.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyacation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey epstein New york 
Ueeyacation@grnail.com] 
From: 
S A 
Sent: 
Mon 6/25/2012 9:05:27 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Mercy-shoukran -
Empower your Business with BlackBerrp) and Mobile Solutions from Etisalat 
EFTA_R1_00517594 
EFTA02014842

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014843.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sent: 
Thur 4/18/2013 7:01:07 PM 
Title: Kickstartcr Weekly Newsletter 
"a',..ng trouble viewing this email') View it online instead 
April 18, 2013 
This week we're excited to introduce Video Mode a new way to discover amazing 
projects. Jump in and start watching! When we're not shuffling through rad videos, we're 
trying to figure out who the greatest band of all time is. Do you know? 
The Greatest Band Ever Print 
by The Night Shift Design Co-Op 
Graphic Design 
Seattle. WA 
Timeless debate 
The Beatles? The 
Stones? Hootie & the 
Blowfish? Who's the 
greatest band of all 
time? You decide! With 
this graphic design 
project, every vote is a 
dollar, and every band 
that gets at least 1% of 
the vote will be 
represented on the 
print. The band with the 
most votes is, you 
guessed it, the greatest 
band ever! 
Mial EXPLORE THIS 
PROJECT 
Singular sensation 
Jane Burns is bringing 
the classic matching 
game Old Maid into 
EFTA_R1_00517595 
EFTA02014843
--- PAGE 2 ---
BOLD MAID. a matching 
Tabletop Games 
Bellingham, WA 
Revolights Wheels 
by Revolights 
Product Design 
San Francisco, CA 
by Jane Burns 
for kids. 
the 21st century. The 
concept is simple: 
instead of losing out 
when you end up with 
the matchless old 
maid card, the player 
left with the "Bold 
Maid" wins the whole 
game. 
OR:" 
I c 
PitOid 
Bright future 
When two Kickstarter 
creators link up for a 
new collaboration, we 
can't help but take 
notice. Case in point, 
Revolights and Mission 
Bikes, who've teamed 
up to create the ultimate 
commuter bike. Biking 
home from work has 
never been this fun (and 
safe!). 
MI EXPLORE THIS 
PROJECT 
EFTA_R1_00517596 
EFTA02014844

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014845.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeeyaeation 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Sun 10/21/2012 2:11:52 PM 
Shopping later?? Or lunch? 
EFTA_R1_00517597 
EFTA02014845

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014846.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014846.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.compeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Annabelle Neilson 
Sent 
Sun 1/23/2011 12:18:11 AM 
Subject Re: 
In a way I'm not sure if he was the right guy for the job! He was at the top of his game her but his 
show's didn't require him to be coherent, now they need to be and they have but he's lost 
something in this. He is a very good designer. He either needs more time or it's just not the right 
brand for him! 
Sent using BlackBerry® from Orange 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun. 23 Jan 2011 01:02:14 +0100 
To: 
Sub : 
good very good should he be fired? hes as good as 
On Sun, Jan 23, 2011 at 12:52 AM, Annabelle Neilson 
wrote: 
Quantify talent! He's good. 
Sent using BlackBerry® from Orange 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, 23 Jan 2011 00:04:10 +0100 
To: annabelleneilson
> 
Subject: 
giles deacon„ now with ungaro. --reputation.. does he have any talent? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517605 
EFTA02014846
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to Leevacationqt umai Learn, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00517606 
EFTA02014847

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014848.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Nicholas L.Ribis 
Sent 
Mon 6/13/2011 9:30:20 AM 
Jeffrey - I'm in NY if u would like to get together today - Nick 
****** 
* ***** ******************* 
***** 
* ******* 
**************** 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This message is being sent by Resorts International 
Casinos. This e-mail and any attachments are confidential and proprietary. If 
you are not the intended recipient, be aware that any disclosure, copying, 
distribution or use of this e-mail or any attachment is prohibited. 
EFTA_R1_00517607 
EFTA02014848

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014849.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.comj: Jeffrey epsteinueevacatiomagmail.comj 
From: 
Sent: 
Fri 4/29/2011 3:06:27 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Sent via DROID on Verizon Wireless 
Original message 
From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
To: paul prosperi <11 
Sent: Fri, Apr 29, 2011 14:52:30 GMT+00:00 
Subject: null 
I would want title transferred sp that I would not have to foreclose and fight bankruptcy 
by him 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00517608 
EFTA02014849

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014850.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014850.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacationegmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacationegmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Gmax 
Sent 
Fri 1/28/2011 10:41:16 AM 
I love the picture of my Dad - thank you so much. It has pride of place on my desk 
Gx 
EFTA_R1_00517609 
EFTA02014850

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0363__EFTA02014851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0363
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA02014851.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Anastasiya Kopets 
Sent: 
Wed 1/11/2012 4:40:39 AM 
it's hard to find for you someone new! Every Russian beauty in New 
York already knows you. Hahaha. 
EFTA_R1_00517610 
EFTA02014851
