
--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382969.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Initial and Subsequent 
Closings 
The Access Fund may hold multiple closings. The General Partner will 
provide prospective Limited Partners with notice of the anticipated date 
of the initial closing (the "Initial Closing") of the Access Fund. The 
General Partner may admit additional Investors into the Access Fund or 
allow existing Limited Partners to increase their Subscriptions in 
subsequent closings until the final closing of the Access Fund (each such 
closing, a "Subsequent Closing" and the final Subsequent Closing, the 
-Final Closing"). Subsequent closings may be held after the Initial 
Closing until the date that is 3 months following the last date on which 
the Underlying Fund may hold a closing (it being understood that the 
Glendower GP is not required to accept any such additional commitment 
from the Access Fund). Each investor that becomes a Limited Partner 
(or that is already a Limited Partner and increases its Subscription) at 
any closing subsequent to the Initial Closing will be required to make a 
capital contribution at admission equal to (i) the amount of the 
contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the Access Fund 
attributable to such Investor's new or increased Subscription (which may 
include an interest component at a rate per annum equal to the higher of 
(A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period or such other amount as 
set forth in the Underlying Fund LPA), if any, if the Access Fund makes 
a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund, (ii) 
its proportionate share of all funded expenses of the Access Fund 
(excluding the Management Fee) and, to the extent not duplicative of (i) 
above, its proportionate sham of all funded Subscriptions of Investors 
admitted in prior closings, including if applicable, in connection with 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested 
in the Underlying Fund, (iii) the amount of the Management Fee that 
would have been payable in respect of such Investor had such Investor 
subscribed for an Interest at the Initial Closing and (iv) an amount 
computed as interest on the amounts set forth under (i) through (iii) 
above at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and 
(B) 8% for the period from the due date or dates on which the other 
Partners were required to make their earlier contributions to the date of 
such contribution. Amounts paid by any Limited Partner as interest on 
(ii) above, shall be paid to the Access Fund for the account of Limited 
Partners that participated in prior closings and any amounts paid by any 
Limited Partner as interest on (iii) above, shall be paid to the Investment 
Manager and not to the Access Fund or any other Limited Partner. Any 
contributions by a Limited Partner to the Access Fund to fund late 
closing interest under (iv) shall not reduce the unpaid portion of such 
Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner will be required 
to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund any late 
closing intcrcst, if applicable) and any such interest amounts credited to 
the account of Limited Partners shall not increase the unpaid 
Subscriptions of such Limited Partners who receive such interest. 
Failure to pay subsequent interest as calculated in (iv) above will be 
considered a default under the Partnership Agreement. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082539 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228723 
EFTA01382969

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382970.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
entity. directly or indirectly, in the Underlying Fund, to the extent 
practicable. 
In particular, the General Partner or the Investment Manager will form 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Offshore Access Fund", and together with the Access Fund, the 
"Access Funds") for certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors not 
willing to receive material amounts of UBTI and certain qualified Non-
U.S. Investors. The Offshore Access Fund is expected to be a Cayman 
Islands exempted limited partnership and other than assets used to cover 
Offshore Access Fund expenses, the Offshore Access Fund will invest 
all of the Subscriptions made by the limited partners of the Offshore 
Access Fund in the Access Fund. 
Although Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds arc expected to invest 
on similar terms and conditions to the Access Fund, such Parallel Access 
Funds or Feeder Funds may have the same or different terms (including 
terms that are more favorable) than those described herein, provided, 
that any such Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds will only accept 
subscriptions from "qualified purchasers," as defined in the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment 
Company Act"), and interests will be offered and sold only to investors 
who arc "accredited investors" within the meaning given to such term in 
Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Capital Calls 
Each Limited Partner's capital contributions will be payable when called 
by the General Partner to meet anticipated Access Fund expenses and 
liabilities and to make contributions to the Underlying Fund. Each 
Limited Partner's capital contribution shall generally be due upon 
business days' written notice, except in certain limited circumstances 
where the General Partner 
deems it prudent to require capital 
contributions to be made on shorter notice. The General Partner may 
require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner 
will provide written notice of the exact size and timing of any such initial 
capital contribution in advance of the Initial Closing of the Access Fund. 
A Limited Partner who fails to make its capital contributions in a timely 
manner including in connection with recalls of Distributions or who 
otherwise fails to make a payment required by the Access Fund 
(including (i) expenses incurred in respect of transfers (ii) expenses 
incurred by the General Partner or the Access Fund to the extent that any 
tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General 
Partner or the Access Fund because of the identity, jurisdiction or action 
of the Limited Partner (including the election not to receive Schedule K-
electronically) and (iii) any applicable interest charged in connection 
with a Subsequent Closing) may suffer substantial penalties with respect 
to its Interest, including, a total forfeiture of such Interest. In addition, 
any (i) material breach by a Limited Partner of its representations and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082541 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228725 
EFTA01382970

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382971.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
warranties in its Subscription Agreement and (ii) any failure by a 
Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General 
Partner or Investment Manager in connection with anti-money 
laundering or similar programs, sill be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In the event that the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
the Underlying Fund as a result of the failure of a Limited Partner to 
make a capital contribution to the Access Fund, the Underlying Fund 
may impose certain remedies against the Access Fund, including, 
potentially causing the Access Fund to forfeit all or a portion of its 
interest in the Underlying Fund. 
Bifurcated Default 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the "Defaulted Amount"), the General Partner may 
call additional capital from the Limited Partners that have already made 
the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions) to the extent necessary to fund the Defaulted Amount. 
If the Access Fund fails to contribute all or any portion of any call 
amount set forth in a funding notice received from the Underlying Fund 
(an "Access Fund Default"), and such failure results from the failure of 
one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited Partner, a "Defaulting 
Access Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital 
call issued by the Access Fund, then Glendower has agreed to only treat 
the Access Fund as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined in the limited 
partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund, (as may be amended or 
otherwise supplemented from time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA')) 
with respect to the portion of the Access Fund's interest in the 
Underlying Fund that has defaulted. In addition, the General Partner has 
agreed that, if the Glendower GP so requests upon any Access Fund 
Default, the General Partner, or the Investment Manager on its behalf, 
shall cause the Access Fund to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the 
General Partner will delegate to the Underlying Fund, the authority to 
exercise directly for the direct benefit of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in the Partnership Agreement against a 
Defaulting Access Fund Investor as if they were a Defaulting Partner, 
and the General Partner will provide such assistance as is reasonably 
requested by the Glendower GP in connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of the Partnership 
Agrccmcnt, in order to equitably determine the rights and obligations of 
any Limited Partner with respect to the Underlying Fund, the General 
Partner may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund, any default penalties imposed by the 
Glendower GP may be allocated solely by the General Partner to the 
applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the maximum extent 
possible. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082542 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228728 
EFTA01382971

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382972.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
The General Partner shall have the sole discretion to apply the default 
provisions to each investor in any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis 
as if such investor was a direct limited partner of the Access Fund instead 
of applying such provisions directly to such Feeder Fund. 
Distributions 
Capital Accounts; 
Allocations 
Organizational and 
Offering Expenses 
Access Fund Expenses 
Distributions from the Underlying Fund received by the Access Fund 
will generally be distributed to the Limited Partners (including any 
Feeder Funds) pro rata based on their respective Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund (excluding any Defaulting Partners, if applicable) as 
promptly as practicable. The Access Fund will be entitled to withhold 
from any Distribution amounts necessary to create, in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, reserves for the payment of Access Fund 
expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
Liquidating distributions will be made in accordance with positive 
capital account balances. 
It is intended that capital accounts will be maintained in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax guidelines. In general, items of income, gain, 
loss and deduction will be allocated to the Limited Partners' capital 
accounts in a manner consistent with the distribution procedures outlined 
above. 
The Access Fund, and the Limited Partners in the Access Fund 
(including any Feeder Fund) will bear all organizational and offering 
expenses incurred by the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager 
(-Organizational Expenses") (including legal, travel, accounting, tax 
advisory expenses, start-up filing, capital-raising and other expenses, 
organizational and other start-up expenses of the General Partner, and 
custodial and administrative costs) in connection with the formation of 
the Access Fund, any Feeder Fund and the offering of the Interests. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing Organizational Expenses do not 
include expenses incurred by Placement Agents (as defined below). 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; Organizational Expenses: liquidation 
expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; 
expenses and fees related to accounting, audits of the Access Fund's 
books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns and 
other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
(-FATCA1 and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"): costs 
of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to 
and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082543 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228727 
EFTA01382972

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382973.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs 
or expenses in connection with the Access Fund's admission to the 
Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying 
Fund and any subsequent closing interest charged to the Access Fund); 
extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or 
similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of 
securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment 
banking, commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording 
fees and expenses. administrative (including any fees and expenses of 
the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Access Fund 
and any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each 
case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities 
by the Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is 
consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation of torn' documentation in respect 
of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement 
to provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the 
process for Limited Partners to sell all or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as 
travel, research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on 
behalf of the Access Fund in respect of the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses 
(including travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, 
or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the 
Placement Agents, whether internal or provided by a third party service 
provider, utilized for risk management, measurement and valuation 
purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility 
or regulatory obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to 
protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, 
directors, employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses 
associated with the ongoing operations of any alternative investment 
vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; legal and 
recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, accountants and other third-party service 
providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment 
vehicles, including tax preparation expenses: expenses relating to any 
audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the foregoing, Access Fund expenses will 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082544 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228728 
EFTA01382973

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382974.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all of the 
operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, 
the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses of 
the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder 
Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund): provided, 
however, that operating expenses that arc uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined with respect to, and paid separately by, 
such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner in 
its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid 
portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription 
to fund their sham of Access Fund expenses). 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Funds) will indirectly bear the cost of the Access 
Fund's pro rota share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and 
expenses payable by the Access Fund as a limited partner of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund 
expenses by virtue of being a Limited Partner of the Access Fund. To 
the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred 
by the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of 
the Access Fund and/or any Parallel Access Funds established in 
connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying 
Fund, the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the 
Access Fund and such Parallel Access Funds as it reasonably deems 
appropriate. 
Management Fee 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment 
Manager shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the 
Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). The Management Fee amount 
contributed by each Limited Partner to the Access Fund shall reduce the 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited 
Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its 
Subscription to fund the Management Fee). The Access Fund shall pay 
the aggregate amount of such Management Fee assessed with respect to 
the Limited Partners to the Investment Manager. 
Commencing upon the "Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as 
defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) and for each fiscal quarter 
thereafter through the first date on which the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a 
Limited Farmer shall be an amount equal to the product of the 
Management Fee Rate (as defined below) applicable to such Limited 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082545 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228729 
EFTA01382974

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382975.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Partner multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. After 
the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each 
fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to the product of the Management 
Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate sham (based upon Subscriptions) of the Access 
Fund's proportionate share of capital contributions in respect of all 
"Invested Capital" (as defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) of the 
Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the Access 
Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated 
based on Invested Capital 
in accordance with (C) below. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Manager in its sole 
discretion may elect to waive or otherwise reduce the Management Fee 
attributable to any Limited Partner. 
The "Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
- investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 
0.25% per quarter); provided, that the Management Fee Rate for (i) a 
Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is 
less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per 
quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds 
$5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); (B) 
from the first date on which the -investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund has permanently expired until the second anniversary of such date 
is 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided, that the 
Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription 
equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60% 
per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose 
Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum 
(i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a 
Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately preceding year 
or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited 
Partner's Invested Capital. 
The Management Fee that is charged by the Access Fund to a Limited 
Partner shall be paid to the Investment Manager. The Investment 
Manager will pay a material portion of the amount received to the 
Placement Agents in exchange for certain servicing functions rendered 
by the Placement Agents. The portion of the Management Fee received 
may differ among Placement Agents. 
•The Management Fee will be payable in advance on a quarterly basis 
from the Initial Closing. 
The foregoing fee is exclusive of the amount of the Underlying Fund 
Management Fee payable in respect of the Access Fund as a limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund. In addition, the Limited Partners will 
indirectly pay carried interest to the Glendower GP by virtue of the 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082546 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228730 
EFTA01382975

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382976.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Underlying Fund Carried 
Interest 
Indemnification 
Withdrawal and Transfer 
As described in detail in Section 6 — "Distributions" in the Underlying 
Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), the Glendower GP is 
entitled to receive "carried interest" distributions equal to 12.5% of the 
Underlying Fund's net profits subject to an eight percent (8%) preferred 
return with a full catch up provision for the Glendower GP. The actual 
amount of any such carried interest payment is based in part upon the 
Underlying Fund's achievement of certain returns. The foregoing 
description is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by the 
Underlying Fund LPA, and prospective investors must review the 
Underlying Fund documents for a detailed description of the manner in 
which the Underlying Fund intends to make carried interest 
distributions. 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, 
the respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets 
of the Access Fund, including the capital calls from the Limited Partners 
(which capital calls for indemnification expenses am outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from any recalled Distributions (see 
Capital 
Calls"), against certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in 
the Underlying Fund. the Access Fund (and indirectly the Limited 
Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts 
will be callable from Limited Partners of the Access Fund to the full 
extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of distributions. 
Limited Partners may not withdraw from the Access Fund prior to its 
dissolution, provided that a Limited Partner may, with the consent of the 
General Partner in accordance with the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement, transfer its Interests to a Feeder Fund. In addition, Limited 
Partners may not sell, assign or transfer any of their Interests, rights or 
obligations in the Access Fund except with the consent of the General 
Partner, and such consent may be withheld or delayed in the sole and 
absolute discretion of the General Partner. Should the General Partner 
consent to a sale, transfer, assignment or other disposition of a Limited 
Partner's Interest, the transferring Limited Partner or its transferee will 
be required to pay Transfer Expenses (as defined in the Partnership 
Agreement), which shall be at least $5,000 and shall be sufficient to pay 
all costs incurred in connection with any such transfer. Any transferring 
Limited Partner and such Limited Partner's transferee shall, jointly and 
severally, be required to reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the 
General Partner, for any expenses reasonably incurred by the Partnership 
in connection with such Transfer. The General Partner may require the 
complete or partial withdrawal of a Limited Partner in certain limited 
instances (as described in the Partnership Agreement). Transfer 
Expenses paid by a Limited Partner or transferee shall not reduce the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082548 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228732 
EFTA01382976

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382977.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with specific 
reference to their own situations as they relate to an investment in the 
Access Fund. 
Certain ERISA 
The General Partner intends to conduct the operations of the Access 
Considerations 
Fund so that it will be an appropriate investment for employee benefit 
plans subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
and (unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor 
statute thereto ("ERISA"). The Access Fund may require certain 
representations or assurances from investors subject to ERISA to 
determine compliance with ERISA provisions. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of each class of equity interests 
(disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) 
in the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, 
and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan 
assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. 
Accordingly, the General Partner may not approve the purchase of an 
Interest by or proposed transfer of an Interest to a person that has 
represented that it is a "benefit plan investor" or to a Controlling Person 
to the extent that such purchase or transfer would result in lrenefit plan 
investors" owning 25% or more of the value of the interests in the Access 
Fund immediately after such purchase or proposed transfer (such 
percentage determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
Limited Partner Giveback 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other 
liability or is otherwise required to return distributions to the Underlying 
Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in 
its capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund), each Limited 
Partner may be required to return distributions received from the Access 
Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided. however, that the aggregate amount of such returns from any 
Limited Partner shall not exceed the aggregate amount of distributions 
received by such Limited Partner (it being understood that additional 
amounts may be called from Limited Partners in respect of 
indemnification expenses, which amounts arc outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription). 
Amendments; Voting 
The Partnership Agreement may generally be amended with the consent 
of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners, 
subject to certain limitations set forth in the Partnership Agreement. The 
Partnership Agreement sets forth certain other procedures for its 
amendment, including provisions regarding negative consent and also 
allowing the General Partner to amend the Partnership Agreement 
without the consent of the Limited Partners in certain circumstances, 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082550 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228734 
EFTA01382977

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382978.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
including (i) to the extent such amendment does not subject any Limited 
Partner to any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or 
waive in any material respect the duties and obligations of the General 
Partner to the Access Fund or the Limited Partners, (ii) to cure any 
ambiguity or correct or supplement any provision in the Partnership 
Agreement which may be inconsistent with any other provision therein 
or to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that the Partnership 
Agreement shall accurately reflect the agreement among the Partners, 
(iii) is necessary in order to comply with any fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (iv) to address 
changes in financial, regulatory or tax legislation, which amendment 
may include reorganizing or reconstituting the Access Fund, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the 
economic returns of the Limited Partners. The General Partner and the 
Investment Manager intends to cause the Access Fund to vote its interest 
in the Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
The General Partner and the Investment Manager will not consult the 
Limited Partners when voting the interests of the Access Fund and will 
endeavor to vote in a way that benefits the Access Fund as a whole. As 
such, a Limited Partner's individual interest may differ from that of the 
Access Fund and therefore the vote may not be consistent with how the 
Limited Partner would have voted if provided with the opportunity. The 
Limited Partners of the Access Fund will not have the right to vote 
on any matters requiring the vote of the Access Fund in its capacity 
as an investor in the Underlying Fund. 
Borrowing 
The Access Fund may enter into a credit facility (a -Credit Facility") 
with a third party, which Credit Facility may be secured by drawdowns 
of Subscriptions, for purposes of temporarily funding all, or any portion 
of, any anticipated capital calls by the Underlying Fund in respect of the 
Limited Partners' Subscriptions or expenses or liabilities of the Access 
Fund in advance of receipt of such amounts from the Limited Partners 
and to cover the Access Fund's over-commitment to the Underlying 
Fund or defaults by Limited Partners. 
See "Capital Calls" and 
"Purpose: Underlying Fund" 
Such borrowings may require the Investment Manager, on behalf of the 
General Partner, to pledge all or a portion of the property of the Access 
Fund and/or the Subscriptions to the Access Fund to secure such a loan. 
In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the 
rights to issue drawdown notices and to receive capital contributions to 
a third party. Limited Partners may be required to provide banks or other 
financial 
institutions 
with financial 
information 
and 
other 
documentation reasonably required to obtain borrowings. 
Repayment of the principal and the interest (and any related fees and 
expenses) amount of any such borrowings will be made from the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082551 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228735 
EFTA01382978

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382979.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Subject to the limitations set forth in the relevant Underlying Fund LPA, 
the Underlying Fund may incur indebtedness, provide credit support and 
guarantee the obligations of portfolio companies and certain other 
obligations at both the Underlying Fund-level and with respect to 
obligations of their respective portfolio companies. 
Borrowings by the Underlying Fund may make it more difficult for the 
Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. 
If the Access Fund is not able to borrow sufficient fluids to fund any 
fund obligations in advance of receipt of such amounts from Limited 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution obligations towards the Underlying 
Fund and may be treated as a defaulting investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA with respect to the Access Fund's entire interest. 
In particular, the Access Fund may be unable to borrow sufficient funds 
or obtain favorable terms due to the Underlying Fund's borrowing of 
funds pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. 
Investor Eligibility 
Confidentiality 
Each investor must be an -accredited investor" (as defined within the 
meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act), a "qualified client" (as defined in Rule 205-3 of the 
Investment Company Act) and a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the investment Company Act). 
Confidential information provided to the Limited Partners may not be 
disclosed to any person other than to its officers, fiduciaries, employees, 
agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors, who 
have a business need to know such confidential information, who have 
been infomied of the confidential nature of such confidential 
information, and who are, either by the nature of their positions or duties 
or pursuant to written agreement. subject to substantially equivalent 
restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the confidential 
information as are set forth in the Partnership Agreement 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to 
comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section l.6011-4(6)(3)(i), each 
investor (and any employee, representative, or other agent of such 
investor) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any 
kind, the U.S. federal, state, or local income tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Access Fund or any transactions undertaken by the 
Access Fund, it being understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the 
name of, or any other identifying information regarding (A) the Access 
Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in the 
Access Fund, or (B) any investment or transaction entered into by the 
Access Fund, and (ii) any performance information relating to the 
Access Fund or its investments. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
IS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082552 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_002287343 
EFTA01382979

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382980.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382980.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership Agreement will provide %r 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted wider the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fund the Access Fund's indemnity obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be bome by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any of their 
affiliates is providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an 
investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. None of the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager, nor any of their respective affiliates and personnel are required to devote all or any specified 
portion of their time to managing the Access Fund's affairs, or from engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not competitive with the Access Fund. Each prospective investor in the Access 
Fund should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, financial and related risks 
and conflicts concerning an investment in the Access Fund. 
The General Partner cannot currently predict the timing and amounts of the capital contributions that will 
be required to be made by Limited Partners to the Access Fund. Such capital contributions may be called 
on an irregular basis. The General Partner may require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner will provide written 
notice of the exact size and timing of such initial capital contribution, if any, in advance of such Initial 
Closing of the Access Fund. 
Co-Investment Opportunities. The Glendower GP may offer co-investment opportunities with respect to 
certain investments to be made by the Underlying Fund and may allocate any such opportunities among 
interested parties in the Glendower GP's sole discretion. The Access Fund will not participate in co-
investment opportunities, which may result in lower total retums realized by the Access Fund relative to 
other investors in the Underlying Fund who participate in co-investment opportunities. 
Compensation. iCapital Securities, LLC often receives a placement fee as a result of its placement of 
certain investors in certain private investment funds available via the iCapital Network ("iCapital Funds"). 
The prospect of receiving such compensation creates an incentive for iCapital Securities, LLC to place 
investors in the iCapital Funds from which it receives a placement fee or may in the future receive such a 
fee over other investment vehicles from which it does not receive a placement fee. With respect to this 
Access Fund, the Investment Manager will be entitled to receive an ongoing investor servicing fee from 
Glendower for services performed in respect of the Access Fund and its investment in the Underlying Fund 
based on the total capital commitment of the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund. Such fee will result in 
the Investment Manager having additional conflicts of interest with respect to the purchase of Interests by 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082556 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228740 
EFTA01382980

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382981.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Investors. The General Partner and the Investment Manager will retain and compensate registered 
investment advisers or Placement Agents for the purpose of marketing and selling the Interests. Any such 
arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or a Placement Agent to recommend the 
Interests to investors where they might not otherwise make such recommendation or to recommend the 
Interests to investors over another investment. Certain management persons of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager (or their respective affiliates) are also involved with soliciting investment advisers to 
participate in the iCapital Network and in performing diligence on such investment advisers with which to 
launch access vehicles, such as the Access Fund. Such relationships may create potential conflicts of 
interest. The General Partner and the Investment Manager address these conflicts by providing in their 
Code of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best interests of each investor and by 
providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of interest and how such conflicts are 
resolved under the General Partner and the Investment Manager's policies and procedures. Furthermore, 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based compensation received by the 
General Partner (or its affiliates). 
Other Funds or Managed Account Agreements with Similar Strategies. The General Partner and/or 
Glendower may, in each of their sole discretion, manage other funds, and/or enter into management or 
advisor,' agreements with respect to managed accounts or other similar arrangements (collectively, 
"Managed Accounts") that provide an investment strategy and program similar to that of the Underlying 
Fund or conduit fund into such funds. As a result of such other funds and Managed Accounts, certain 
investors with access to investment programs similar to that of the Underlying Fund may receive additional 
benefits (including, but not limited to, reduced fee obligations, the ability to withdraw from a Managed 
Account or other fund on shorter notice and/or expanded informational rights) that Limited Partners in the 
Access Fund will not receive. Neither the Access Fund nor the Underlying Fund will be required to notify 
any or all of the Limited Partners in the Access Fund of any such Managed Account or other funds or any 
of the rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor N% ill the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund be required 
to offer such different rights and/or terms to any or all of the Limited Partners in the Access Fund. The 
General Partner and/or Glendower may enter into such Managed Accounts with any party as it may 
determine in its sole discretion at any time. To the extent that the General Partner or its affiliates invests in 
any Managed Account with a similar strategy or that competes with the Underlying Fund or any investment 
of the Underlying Fund, the General Partner or its affiliates will not be obligated to take into account the 
interests of the Access Fund and may take positions and actions that are potentially contrary or adverse to 
the interests of the Access Fund and the Limited Partners. The Partners will have no recourse against the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, Glendower and/or any of their affiliates with respect to any of the 
foregoing. 
Valuation of the Assets of the Access Fund The Investment Manager will value the securities held by the 
Access Fund. When no market exists, or it is not possible for the Investment Manager to obtain market 
quotations for the securities or investments held by the Access Fund, the Investment Manager will generally 
value such securities and investments in good faith and based on the valuation of such assets received from 
the Underlying Fund, or if the Underlying Fund does not provide the Investment Manager with such a 
valuation, based on other information it considers relevant. Because there is significant uncertainty as to 
the valuation of illiquid investments, the values of such investments may not necessarily reflect the values 
that could actually be realized by the Access Fund. Under certain conditions the Access Fund may be forced 
to sell investments at lower prices than it had expected to realize or defer—potentially for a considerable 
period of time—sales that it had planned to make. In addition, under limited circumstances, the Investment 
Manager may not have access to all material information relevant to a valuation analysis with respect to 
investments. As a result, the valuation of the Access Fund's investments, and as a result the valuation of 
the Interests themselves, may be based on imperfect information and is subject to inherent uncertainties. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082557 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228741 
EFTA01382981

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382982.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Fidelity Relationship The Investment Manager has entered into collaboration and services agreements 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC (collectively, referred to as 
"Fidelity') pursuant to which the Investment Manager compensates Fidelity for providing certain 
administrative services in respect of investors who custody their investment in one or more iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not bear any Fidelity custodial fees 
in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of the Investment Manager, is typically a percentage 
of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital Funds. Further, the Investment Manager's 
affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has committed to an annual marketing spend with Fidelity 
through which it will promote the iCapital network to Fidelity's platform of registered investment advisers 
and brokers. The existence of such compensation arrangements could create a potential conflict of interest. 
Any such compensation arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or any third party registered 
investment adviser or broker to recommend the interests in the iCapital Funds to investors where they might 
not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Educational Program& The Investment Manager may, from time to time, offer (and, under certain 
circumstances, subsidize) certain educational and professional certification programs for financial advisers 
that recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network platform. The provision of such 
programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such programs may incentivize the 
advisers that participate in such programming to recommend iCapital and interests in iCapital Funds over 
a manager or administrative agent who has not provided such educational opportunities. A prospective 
investor should carefully consider such conflict when determining whether to subscribe for interests. 
Default. If a Limited Partner fails to make a required capital contribution to the Access Fund on its due 
date (including, recalls of distributed capital), regardless of the reason (including legal or other prohibitions), 
the General Partner may impose substantial penalties on such Limited Partner and use any available 
remedies to enforce the contribution obligation, including, a total forfeiture of such Limited Partner's 
Interest. If the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its investment in the 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited Partner or otherwise, the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Access Fund, including forfeiture of all, or a 
part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, which will have a material negative impact on the return of 
the Access Fund as a whole (including Limited Partners that have not defaulted on their commitment to the 
Access Fund). 
ERISA. Although the General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts to limit investment in the 
Access Fund by benefit plan investors such that their investment in the Access Fund will not be "significant" 
for purposes of ERISA, there is no assurance that the assets of the Access Fund will not be deemed to be 
"plan assets" under ERISA. If the Access Fund's assets are treated as "plan assets". certain additional 
ERISA issues described under "Certain ERISA Considerations" below should be considered. Accordingly, 
certain transfers of interests in the Access Fund may be prohibited so as to avoid the assets of the Access 
Fund being deemed to be "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA. In addition, the General Partner could 
be required to liquidate Access Fund investments at a disadvantageous time, resulting in lower proceeds to 
the Access Fund than might have been the case without the need for such compliance, to cause certain 
Limited Partners to liquidate their investments in the Access Fund, and/or to take such other actions 
permitted under the Partnership Agreement as it considers necessary for that purpose. Each benefit plan 
investor should consult his or her legal advisor concerning the consequences under ERISA of an investment 
in the Access Fund before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
In addition, the provision of managerial assistance to a portfolio company could result in the Access Fund 
being characterized as a "trade or business" for purposes of ERISA controlled group liability, and, in cases 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082558 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228742 
EFTA01382982

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382983.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
where the Access Fund has a significant ownership interest (generally 80% or mom) in such portfolio 
company, there is a potential risk that the Access Fund and any portfolio company could be subject to 
controlled group liability under ERISA. These liabilities generally include funding obligations to single-
employer pension plans and withdrawal liability from union-sponsored multiemployer pension plans. In 
July 2013, the U.S. Federal Court of Appeals for the First Circuit held that the portfolio company 
management activities of a private equity fund could cause the fund to be regarded for ERISA controlled 
group liability purposes as engaging in a "trade or business" (the "2013 Sun Capital Case"). Further, in 
March 2016, the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts held that affiliated private equity 
funds investing in the same portfolio company may form a "partnership-in-fact." The District Court found 
that the affiliated funds forrning the de facto partnership would be subject to controlled group liability if 
the funds together held 80% or more of the portfolio company in question (together with the 2013 Sun 
Capital Case, the 'Sun Capital Cases"). Although the extent of the impact of the holdings in the Sun 
Capital Cases is unclear, the possibility of trade or business characterization remains a risk for the Access 
Fund and private equity funds generally, especially in the First Circuit. Furthermore, the ownership interest 
of the Access Fund in some or all of its portfolio companies could be sufficient to create a controlled group 
relationship, especially if the ownership interests of related and/or parallel funds arc aggregated when 
applying the controlled group ownership tests. Although many practitioners believe that such aggregation 
should not be required, them is some risk that a court might find otherwise, especially in the District of 
Massachusetts. To the extent relevant, the Access Fund currently intends to take the position that it is not 
engaged in a trade or business for ERISA controlled group liability purposes, that related and/or parallel 
funds will not have formed a de facto partnership and that ownership interests of any such related and/or 
parallel funds arc not to be aggregated when applying the controlled group ownership tests. 
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Limited Partners of the Access Fund will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund and will have no 
standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, Glendower, their respective affiliates or any of their 
respective advisors, officers, directors, employees, partners or members. 
Lack of Transferability or Redemption of Interests. In light of the fact that there are restrictions on 
withdrawals, transfers and redemptions, and the Interests are not registered under the U.S. federal or state 
securities laws or similar laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, an investment in the Access Fund will be an 
illiquid investment. There will not be any market for the Interests. Investments in the Access Fund should 
therefore be considered only by persons financially able to maintain their investment for an extended period 
of time, who can afford a loss of all or a substantial part of their investment and have the financial ability 
to satisfy capital calls. Even if the Access Fund's investment in the Underlying Fund proves successful, it 
is unlikely to produce a realized return to Limited Partners for a period of years. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be voted upon by the investors of 
the Underlying Fund, the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager, and not the Limited Partners. 
will determine how the Access Fund's interest in the Underlying Fund will be voted. In addition, none of 
the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Limited Partners will have an opportunity to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund. 
Investment Concentration. The Access Fund will invest solely in the Underlying Fund (and in co-
investments, if any. with the Underlying Fund or its respective affiliates). Because the sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an interest in the Underlying Fund, all investment risks set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the Access Fund. The Underlying Fund may 
only make a limited number of investments and accordingly a significant portion of the Underlying Fund's 
aggregate commitments may be invested in any one industry, region or country•. As a result, any single loss 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082559 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228743 
EFTA01382983

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382984.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
incurred by the Underlying Fund's investments may have a significant adverse impact on the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund. 
Diverse Partnershiµ Investors in the Access Fund may include U.S. taxable and tax-exempt investors, and 
may include persons or entities organized in various jurisdictions or who otherwise have different 
characteristics or interests. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise in connection with decisions made by 
the Investment Manager that may be more beneficial for one type of investor than for another type of 
investor. In its management of the Access Fund, the Investment Manager will consider the investment 
objectives of the Access Fund as a whole and not the investment objectives of any investor individually. 
Certain Information Regarding the Underlying Fund Will Not be Disclosed to Limited Partners. 
Glendower. the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates will have certain confidential information 
relating to the Underlying Fund and its portfolio that has not and will not be disclosed to the Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund The terms of the Underlying Fund are subject to change. There can be no 
assurances that the partners of the Underlying Fund will not further amend the Underlying Fund's governing 
agreement. Neither the Access Fund nor the General Partner will have the ability to unilaterally block any 
amendment of the Underlying Fund's governing agreement. None of Glendower. the Underlying Fund or 
the General Partner will have any liability or responsibility to any Limited Partner for any changes to the 
terms of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no obligation to revise or supplement this 
Memorandum, notwithstanding any amendments to the Underlying Fund's governing agreement and 
neither the Underlying Fund nor Glendower is under an obligation to revise or supplement this 
Memorandum or the Underlying Fund PPM. 
Side Letters. The Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its capacity as general partner of the 
Access Fund may enter into other written agreements ("Side Letters") with one or more Limited Partners 
of the Access Fund (and the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP may do the same with respect to limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund). These Side Letters may entitle a Limited Partner to make an investment 
in the Access Fund on terms other than those described herein, in the Partnership Agreement, and in the 
subscription agreements relating to the purchase of the Interests (each, a "Subscription Agreement"). Any 
such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the Access Fund, (ii) transfers to affiliates, 
(iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, (iv) consent rights to certain Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of Management Fee, or (vi) any other matters, may be more favorable 
than those offered to any other Limited Partners. If the Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the Access Fund enter into a Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to 
withdraw from the Access Fund, any election to withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase any other 
Limited Partners' pro rata Interest. 
The Underlying Fund and/or the Glendower GP may also enter into Side Letters with the limited partners 
of the Underlying Fund (including the Access Fund) entitling certain limited partners to preferential terms 
in connection with their investment in the Underlying Fund. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Underlying Fund PPM or the Underlying Fund LPA, Limited Partners will not be entitled to the benefit 
of any Side Letters, and the Access Fund will not distribute copies of any Side Letters that it receives in its 
capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund to its Limited Partners. 
No Guarantee Qualified Matching Service Will be Available. The Partnership Agreement prohibits 
transfers of Interests without the consent of the General Partner, which may be granted or withheld in the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082580 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228744 
EFTA01382984

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382985.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
sole discretion of the General Partner (regardless of whether a Qualified Matching Service is available). In 
addition, the constituent documents of the Underlying Fund do not allow for transfers of Interests without 
the prior written consent of the Glendower GP. 
Repayment of Distributions. The Access Fund may be required to repay to the Underlying Fund or to pay 
creditors of the Underlying Fund, as applicable, distributions previously received by it. In addition, the 
Access Fund may be required to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts that are required to be withheld by 
the Underlying Fund for tax purposes. The Access Fund may require Limited Partners to return to the 
Access Fund all or part of any distribution by the Access Fund to the Limited Partners in order to satisfy 
all or any portion of the Access Fund's indemnification and other obligations to the Underlying Fund or 
otherwise. Similarly, Limited Partners may also be required to repay or pay such amount to the Access 
Fund if the Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
Reinvestment. The Glendower GP has the right to recall capital contributions, including, during the 
investment period of the Underlying Fund (the "Investment Period"), capital contributions applied to an 
investment that has been disposed of within 24 months of such investment and following the termination 
of the Investment Period, an amount equal to any and all distributions made to the limited partners for the 
purpose of finding existing obligations to make contributions or advances in respect of investments and 
any follow-on investments. Accordingly, the Access Fund may be required to make capital contributions 
in excess of its commitment, and to the extent such recalled or retained amounts arc reinvested in 
investments, the Access Fund will remain subject to investment and other risks associated with such 
investments. 
Indemnity Obligation. The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager. the administrator and certain of their affiliates and representatives (including any sub-advisor or 
other similar service provider) for liabilities incurred in connection with the affairs of the Access Fund. 
Any such indemnification (and the expenses thereof) will be in addition to the indemnification granted 
under the Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity obligations and any 
indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and the investments of the 
Underlying Fund), including the obligation to return distributions to fund any such Underlying Fund 
indemnification (with the Limited Partners in turn being required to return distributions). The Access 
Fund's indemnification obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be funded by capital calls from 
the Limited Partners or through the return of Distributions previously made to the Limited Partners. A 
Limited Partner's obligation to fund capital calls in respect of the Access Fund's indemnification 
obligations are apart from an Investor's Subscription, and therefore will not be capped. In addition, the 
Access Fund's assets, including any investments held by the Access Fund (including cash or cash 
equivalents), are available to satisfy all liabilities and other obligations of the Access Fund, including 
indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund an indemnification claim will survive the dissolution 
of the Access Fund. 
Multiple Layers of Expenses. The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each have expenses and 
management costs that will be borne, directly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Access Fund) or 
indirectly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Underlying Fund), by the Access Fund. Further, 
distributions from the Underlying Fund to the Access Fund will be subject to the carried interest of the 
Glendower GP. In addition, certain expenses will be apart from a Limited Partner's Subscription. including 
indemnification expenses and certain other required payments, including transfer expenses, interest 
expenses in connection with subsequent closings, certain tax preparation and other expenses attributable to 
specific limited partners. A Limited Partner's obligation to fund these expenses will not be capped. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082561 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228745 
EFTA01382985

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382986.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Investors in Subsequent Closings Investors subscribing for Interests on a Subsequent Closing may 
participate in existing investments of the Underlying Fund diluting the Interests of the other Investors 
therein. Although such Investors will generally contribute their pro rata share of prior capital calls, there 
can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the Underlying Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests am subscribed for. Furthermore, in the event that an 
investment of the Underlying Fund has been the subject of a disposition prior to the date of any Subsequent 
Closing, Investors at such Subsequent Closing may not be permitted to participate in such investment, as 
dctcnnined by the Investment Manager. 
Public Disclosure. Some of the Interests may be held by investors, such as public pension plans and listed 
investment vehicles, which am subject to public disclosure requirements. The amount of infommtion about 
their investments that is required to be disclosed has increased in recent years, and that trend may continue. 
To the extent that disclosure of confidential information relating to the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund 
results from interests being held by public investors, the Access Fund may be adversely affected. The 
General Partner may, in order to prevent any such potential disclosure, withhold information otherwise to 
be provided to such public investors. Conversely, potential future regulatory changes applicable to 
investment advisors and/or the accounts they advise could result in the Access Fund becoming subject to 
additional disclosure requirements, the specific nature of which is as yet uncertain. 
Borrowings. The General Partner may choose to commit all of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund, in which case, the General Partner may need to fund 
Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund (to the extent all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions have previously been called) through the distributions received from the Underlying 
Fund (in which case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash to pay taxes 
on such income) or through borrowings. 
The Access Fund may borrow money in an aggregate amount of up to 20% of the total Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund, including pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. Such borrowing 
provides the advantages of leverage. but exposes the Access Fund to capital risk and higher current 
expenses. The Access Fund may provide collateral to the banks from which it borrows by pledging some 
or all of the assets of the Access Fund (the "Access Fund Assets") and/or the Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund. In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the rights to issue drawdown notices 
and to receive capital contributions to a third party. This procedure exposes the Access Fund to the risk that 
for whatever reason, including, the default, insolvency. negligence, misconduct or fraud of such banks, the 
Access Fund will not reacquire the ownership of such Access Fund Assets upon the repayment by the 
Access Fund of such loans. Also, the Access Fund will be unable to reacquire such Access Fund Assets if 
the Access Fund defaults on such loans. The Access Fund's failure or inability to reacquire such Access 
Fund Assets from the banks in whose name the Access Fund Assets am pledged in support of a loan could 
involve the Access Fund in protracted litigation and, potentially, result in the complete loss of such Access 
Fund Assets. While the Investment Manager will cause the Access Fund to borrow money only from banks 
it believes to be creditworthy, there can be no absolute certainty that such banks will return such Access 
Fund Assets to the Access Fund upon the repayment of such loans. 
The Underlying Fund may also borrow funds including pursuant to a credit facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowings may require the Glendower GP or an affiliate to pledge all or a portion of the 
property of the Underlying Fund and/or the commitments to the Underlying Fund (including the Access 
Fund's commitment to the Underlying Fund). The borrowing by the Underlying Fund may make it more 
difficult for the Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. If the Access Fund 
is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any obligations in advance of receipt of amounts from Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082562 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228746 
EFTA01382986

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382987.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382987.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund and may be treated as a defaulting investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA. 
Cash Management; Over-commitment. To help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient amount of the 
Limited Partner's subscriptions arc available to pay expenses of the Access Fund, the General Partner may, 
in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the General Partner is not required to set aside 
any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Underlying 
Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund (i.e., commits an 
amount to the Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the Access Fund, is greater than the 
total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Access Fund) the General Partner may need to 
fund Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the distributions received 
from the Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without 
corresponding cash to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. However, if there is a delay in the 
return of capital, or insufficient capital is returned from the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund is not 
able to borrow sufficient funds, the Access Fund may no longer be able to fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund. 
Lack of Diversification. The Access Fund only intends to invest in the Underlying Fund. Accordingly, 
the assets of the Access Fund are subject to greater risk of loss than if they were more widely diversified. 
Poor performance on the part of the Underlying Fund will cause poor performance of the Access Fund. If 
the Access Fund if not able to raise enough capital, it will also invest less in the Underlying Fund than 
originally contemplated. 
Forward-Looking Statements. Statements contained in this Memorandum that arc not historical facts arc 
based on current expectations, estimates, projections, opinions and/or beliefs of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, 
and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. Moreover, certain information contained in this 
Memorandum constitutes "forward-looking" statements, which often can be identified by the use of 
forward-looking terminology such as -may," -will," "seek," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "project," 
"estimate," "intend?" -continue," - target." -plan," or "believe," or the negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth herein, 
actual events or results or the actual performance of the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund may differ 
materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. 
Disqualification of Certain "Bad Actors" from Rule 506 Offerings. The Interests are offered in reliance 
upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated 
thereunder. The Access Fund would be disqualified from relying on Rule 506 of Regulation D ("Rule 
506") for any offer or sale of Interests if certain -bad actors" are involved in such offering, unless the 
disqualification could not have been identified by the Access Fund in the exercise of reasonable care or has 
been waived by the SEC staff. The Access Fund has implemented certain procedures to prevent any 
"Covered Person" (as defined in Rule 506(d)) subject to a -disqualifying event" (as defined in Rule 
506(d)(1) of Regulation D) from participating in the offering of Interests or investing in the Access Fund. 
Covered Persons include, but arc not limited to, the General Partner, the Placement Agents and beneficial 
owners of 20% or more of the Access Fund's voting equity securities. The General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, involuntarily redeem all or a portion of a Limited Partner's Interest to satisfy the conditions set 
forth in Rule 506. Nevertheless there is a risk that the Access Fund will be required to terminate the offering 
of Interests in the event that an affiliate, Limited Partner holding 20% or more of the Access Fund's voting 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082563 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228747 
EFTA01382987

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382988.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
equity securities, or anyone else who otherwise qualifies as a Covered Person becomes subject to a 
disqualifying event. 
The Access Fund will be required to make representations to the Glendower GP that the Access Fund and 
anyone that is treated as a beneficial owner under Rule 506, has not been subject to a disqualifying event. 
To the extent that any of the foregoing persons is not able to make such representation, or becomes subject 
to a disqualifying event, the Glendower GP may refuse to accept any or all of the Access Fund's 
subscription, or require the Access Fund to provide documentation and information regarding the 
disqualifying event. 
General Legal and Regulatory Risks. Legal and regulatory changes could occur during the term of the 
Access Fund, which may adversely affect the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund and its investments. The 
regulatory• environment for private investment funds of a type similar to the Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund is evolving. In particular, there have been significant movements towards greater governmental 
scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private investment funds industry. It is uncertain as to what form 
and in what jurisdictions such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the private investment funds industry 
may ultimately take. However, increased regulatory oversight may impose administrative burdens on the 
General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower, including, without limitation, responding to 
investigations and implementing new policies and procedures. Such burdens and regulatory scrutiny or 
initiatives may divert the General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower's time, attention and 
resources from portfolio management activities, and may also adversely affect the private investment funds 
industry, including the value or investments of the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund. Furthermore, 
such scrutiny may increase the exposure of the Underlying Fund, Glendower, the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager to potential liabilities and to legal, compliance and other related costs. 
Also, the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-
Frank Act") has resulted in extensive rulemaking and regulatory changes that affect private fund managers, 
the funds that they manage and the financial industry as a whole. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC 
has adopted rules that will require additional reporting by registered investment advisers to private funds, 
which will add costs to the legal, operations and compliance obligations of the Investment Manager, and 
increase the amount of time that the Investment Manager spends on noninvestment-related activities, all of 
which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
The Dodd-Frank Act affects a broad range of financial market intermediaries and other market participants 
with whom the Underlying Fund interacts or may interact. Regulatory changes that will affect other market 
participants are likely to change the way in which the Underlying Fund conducts business with 
counterparties. Parts of the Dodd-Frank Act, such as the 'Volcker Rule," may affect the number and type 
of participants in the markets in which the Underlying Fund may trade. It is difficult to anticipate the impact 
of these and other regulatory changes on the Underlying Fund. Glendower, the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager. It may take years to understand the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on 
the financial industry as a whole, and therefore, the continued uncertainty may make markets more volatile, 
and it may be more difficult for Glendower to execute the investment strategy of the Underlying Fund, all 
of which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
New Market Structure Requirements Applicable to Derivatives. The Dodd-Frank Act enacted, and the 
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") and SEC have issued or proposed rules to 
implement, both broad new regulatory requirements and broad new structural requirements applicable to 
over the counter ("OTC") derivative markets and, to a lesser extent, listed commodity futures (and futures 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082564 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228748 
EFTA01382988

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382989.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382989.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
options) markets. Similar changes are in the process of being adopted in the European Union. Japan, and 
other major financial markets. 
These changes include, but are not limited to: requirements that many categories of the most liquid OTC 
derivatives (currently limited to specified interest rate swaps and index credit default swaps) be executed 
on qualifying, regulated exchanges and be submitted for clearing; real-time public and regulatory reporting 
of specified information regarding OTC derivative transactions; enhanced documentation requirements; 
margin requirements for uncleared swaps; position limits; and recordkceping requirements. 
While these changes arc intended to mitigate systemic risk and to enhance transparency and execution 
quality in the OTC derivative markets, the impact of these changes is not known at this time. For instance, 
cleared OTC derivatives are subject to margin requirements established by regulated clearinghouses, 
including daily exchanges of cash variation (or mark-to-market) margin and an upfront posting of cash or 
securities initial margin to cover the clearinghouse's potential future exposure to the default of a party to a 
particular OTC derivative transaction. Furthermore, "financial end users," such as the Underlying Fund, 
that enter into OTC derivatives that are not cleared are generally required to exchange margin to 
collateralize such derivatives. Under the new rules, the level of margin that will be required to be exchanged 
in connection with uncleared derivatives will in many cases be substantially greater than the level currently 
required by market participants or clearinghouses. 
These changes could significantly increase the costs to the Underlying Fund of utilizing OTC derivatives, 
reduce the level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether for risk management or 
investment purposes) through OTC derivatives, and reduce the amounts available to the Underlying Fund 
to make non-derivative investments. These changes could also impair liquidity in certain OTC derivatives 
and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by the Underlying Fund, all of which could 
adversely impact the Underlying Fund's, and as a result the Access Fund's, investment returns. 
Furthermore, the margin requirements for cleared and uncleared OTC derivatives may require that 
Glendower, in order to maintain its exemption from commodity pool operator ("CPO") registration under 
CFTC Rule 4.13(aX3), limit the Underlying Fund's ability to enter into hedging transactions or to obtain 
synthetic investment exposures, in either case adversely affecting the Underlying Fund's ability to mitigate 
risk. 
Position Limits. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded the scope of the CFTC's authority and 
obligation to require reporting of, and adopt limits on, the size of positions that market participants may 
own or control in commodity futures and futures options contracts and swaps. The Dodd-Frank Act also 
narrowed existing exemptions from such position limits for a broad range of risk management transactions. 
In accordance with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC is required to establish, and the 
CFTC has proposed but not yet adopted, additional speculative position limits on additional listed futures 
and options on physical commodities and economically equivalent OTC derivatives; position limits 
applicable to swaps that are economically equivalent to United States listed futures and futures options 
contracts, including contracts on non-physical commodities, such as rates, currencies, equities and credit 
default swaps; and aggregate position limits for a broad range of derivatives contracts based on the same 
underlying commodity, including swaps and futures and futures options contracts. A person (including 
Glendower, the General Partner and the Investment Manager) is generally required to aggregate positions 
it owns or controls (including held indirectly through entities in which a person has a 10% or greater 
ownership interest) for purposes of current and proposed position limits, subject to certain exemptions for, 
among other things, independently traded positions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082565 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228749 
EFTA01382989

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382990.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Partnership Audit Legislation. Under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, legislation was enacted that 
significantly changes the rules for U.S. federal income tax audits of partnerships (the "BBA Rules"). Such 
audits will continue to be conducted at the partnership level, but with respect to U.S. federal income tax 
returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and, unless a partnership qualifies for and 
affirmatively elects an alternative procedure, any adjustments to the amount of tax due (including interest 
and penalties) will be payable by the partnership. Under the elective alternative procedure, a partnership 
would issue information returns to persons who were partners in the audited year, who would then be 
required to take the adjustments into account in calculating their own tax liability, and the partnership 
would not be liable for the adjustments. If the Access Fund does not or is not able to make such an 
election, then (I) the then current Partners of the Access Fund, in the aggregate, could indirectly bear 
income tax liabilities in excess of the aggregate amount of taxes that would have been due had the Access 
Fund elected the alternative procedure, and (2) a given Partner may indirectly bear taxes attributable to 
income allocable to other Partners or former Partners, including taxes (as well as interest and penalties) 
with respect to periods prior to such Partner's ownership of Interests. Amounts available for distribution 
to the Partners may be reduced as result of the Access Fund's obligations to pay any taxes associated with 
an adjustment. While we cannot provide any assurance, the General Partner generally intends to seek to 
ensure that the BBA Rules do not materially modify the current allocation of tax costs among Partners. 
Under the Partnership Agreement, current and former Partners may be required to indemnify the Access 
Fund for any tax costs that are allocable to them. In addition, if any taxes (including any interest and 
penalties) are borne directly by a "tax partnership" in which the Access Fund invests (directly or 
indirectly), the General Partner generally intends to appropriately allocate the burden of such taxes among 
the Partners and any former Partners. We cannot provide assurance that the Access Fund will be eligible 
to make an election under the alternative procedure or that it will, in fact, make such an election for any 
given adjustment. Furthermore, the Underlying Fund must comply with the BBA Rules as well, and 
therefore the Limited Partners may indirectly suffer adverse consequences as a result. Many issues and 
the overall effect of the BBA Rules on the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund are uncertain, and 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding all aspects of this legislation as it 
affects their particular circumstances. 
Other Tax Risks. An investment in the Access Fund involves complex U.S. federal, state and local and 
foreign income tax considerations that will differ for each Limited Partner. Prospective Limited Partners 
are advised to seek the advice of a qualified expert on matters of U.S. federal, state and local and foreign 
taxation of the Access Fund and ownership of the Interests. In judging whether to invest in the Access 
Fund, a prospective Limited Partner should consider the tax consequences thereof which include, but are 
not limited to: 
• 
the possibility of adverse changes in applicable tax laws; 
• 
the possibility that a Limited Partner may be required to file tax returns and pay tax in jurisdictions 
in which the Access Fund's Assets are deemed to be located and where the Access Fund is 
considered to be conducting business; 
• 
the possibility that the Interests could decline in value with a Limited Partner realizing a capital 
loss if the Access Fund is liquidated or the Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, with limitations 
on the deductibility of any such capital loss; 
• 
the possibility of substantial taxation of the Access Fund or Limited Partners, including imposition 
of state, local and foreign taxes (including withholding taxes), alternative minimum taxes and the 
net investment income tax; and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082588 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228752 
EFTA01382990

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382991.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
• 
the possibility that the allocations of the Access Fund's income, gain, loss and deduction to the 
Limited Partners will not be respected. 
It is possible that an audit of the Access Fund's (or the Underlying Fund's) income tax returns by the IRS 
or other tax authority, if conducted, may result in a material increase in taxable income (or a decreased loss) 
to a Limited Partner than what was initially reported to the Limited Partner by the Access Fund. Such an 
audit may also result in an audit of a Limited Partner's personal income tax returns. Limited Partners will 
not be indemnified for any taxes, penalties and interest that arise in connection with any audit. A Limited 
Partner must report each Access Fund item of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes consistent with such item's treatment on the Access Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns. 
In the event of an audit, the tax treatment of all Access Fund items may be determined at the Access Fund 
level in a single proceeding rather than in separate proceedings with each Limited Partner. The General 
Partner will take primary responsibility for contesting U.S. federal income tax adjustments proposed by the 
IRS, to extend the statute of limitations as to all investors and, in certain circumstances, the General Partner 
may be able to bind investors to a settlement with the IRS. Each Limited Partner's participation in 
administrative or judicial proceedings relating to the Access Fund items would be restricted. 
See Section IV, "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" for a more detailed discussion of the 
significant tax considerations relevant to an investment in an Interest. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082569 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228753 
EFTA01382991

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382992.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
IV. 
TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following discussion is a brief summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be 
applicable to an investment in the Access Fund. This discussion is based upon the Code, existing U.S. 
Treasury Regulations, and judicial decisions and administrative interpretations thereunder, all as of the date 
of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect, or are subject to 
different interpretations. We cannot assure you that the IRS will not take a different position regarding one 
or more of the tax considerations described below. We have not obtained and do not intend to obtain a 
ruling from the IRS or an opinion of counsel with respect to the U.S. federal tax considerations resulting 
from acquiring, holding or disposing of the Limited Partnership Interests. 
This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be important to a 
particular Limited Partner in light of the Limited Partner's circumstances or to certain categories of Limited 
Partners that may be subject to special rules (such as financial institutions, insurance companies, dealers in 
securities. U.S. expatriates, Limited Partners whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, or persons 
who hold the Interests as part of a hedge, conversion transaction, straddle or other risk reduction transaction 
or otherwise as part of a "synthetic asset"). This discussion is limited to beneficial owners who purchase 
the Interests for cash at original issuance from the Access Fund. This discussion also does not address the 
tax considerations arising under the laws of any foreign, state or local jurisdiction or the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences to tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons of an investment in the Access Fund. In 
addition, this discussion should be read in conjunction with the discussion of tax considerations contained 
in the Underlying Fund PPM, as the tax consequences described therein could have a material impact on 
Limited Partners and their investment in the Access Fund. 
The U.S. federal income tax considerations discussed in this summary are applicable to Limited Partners 
who or that are U.S. persons. Limited Partners who are not U.S. persons should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding the United States income tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund. For 
purposes of this summary, a 
person" generally is for U.S. federal income tax purposes (I) an 
individual citizen or resident of the United States; (2) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any 
state thereof or the District of Columbia; (3) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income 
taxation regardless of its source; or (4) a trust which either (i) is subject to the primary supervision of a 
court within the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust or (ii) has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be 
treated as a U.S. person. If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds the 
Interests, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the partnership and an equity holder of the partnership 
generally depends upon the status of the equity holder and the activities of the partnership. If you are an 
equity holder in such a partnership holding the Interests, you should consult your own tax advisors. 
This summary is based on the assumptions that each Limited Partner (i) will provide all appropriate 
certifications to the Access Fund in a timely fashion to minimize withholding, including backup 
withholding and withholding under FATCA, on its distributive share of the Access Fund's income; (ii) will 
hold its Interests as a capital asset for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and (iii) holds its Interests for its 
own account and not as an agent or nominee for another person. Each prospective Limited Partner should 
also note that this summary does not address the interaction of U.S. federal tax laws and any income or 
estate tax treaties between the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082570 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228754 
EFTA01382992

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382993.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
No assurance can be given that the IRS will concur with the tax consequences set forth below. Each 
prospective investor is advised to consult its own tax and financial advisors as to the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund and as to applicable state, local, estate, foreign or 
other tax laws. 
THIS SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO BE, AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS, 
LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE TO ANY PROSPECTIVE LIMITED PARTNER. PROSPECTIVE 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT 
TO THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES AND ANY OTHER POTENTIAL 
TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCALITY OR OTHER 
RELEVANT TAXING JURISDICTION ARISING FROM THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR 
DISPOSAL OF INTERESTS. 
Status for U.S, Federal Income Tax Purposes. It is expected that the Access Fund and the Underlying 
Fund (together, the "Funds") each will be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
As a partnership, a Fund generally will not be responsible for the payment of any U.S. federal income taxes 
associated with its operations (although it may be required to withhold or pay taxes under the BBA Rules 
or on behalf of its partners in certain circumstances). Instead, the taxable income or loss of a Fund for a 
taxable year (including the Access Fund's share of such items from the Underlying Fund) will pass through 
and be included in the computation of the taxable income and loss of the Limited Partners (subject to the 
limitations discussed below) regardless of whether a Fund distributes any amounts to its partners. 
Accordingly, it is possible that a Limited Partner will have a greater amount of taxable income allocable to 
it from the Access Fund for a taxable year than the amount of cash distributed to it from the Access Fund 
and may be required to pay taxes on its share of the Access Fund's taxable income using cash from other 
sources. 
A Fund could fail to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes in future years as a result 
of a variety of developments including, (i) modifications of the law governing the classification of entities 
as partnerships and (ii) characterization of a Fund as a "publicly traded partnership" as a result of the volume 
and nature of contributions of capital and redemptions and transfers of partnership interests. Failure to 
qualify as a partnership generally would result in a Fund's treatment as a corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. As a corporation, a Fund would generally be subject to an entity-level U.S. federal 
income tax, and all or a portion of its distributions (other than upon liquidation of a Fund or a partner's 
interests in the Fund) could be characterized as dividends. If a Fund was treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," then it would be taxable as a corporation unless 90% or more of its gross income for each 
taxable year consisted of "qualifying income" including interest, dividends and gain from the sale of capital 
assets. If a Fund is mated as a "publicly traded partnership," we cannot assure you that the Fund would 
meet this 90% test. Thus, if a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded partnership," it may qualify as a 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In addition, while we expect that the Underlying Fund will qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as well, we can provide no assurance to this effect. Assuming the Underlying Fund is so 
treated, the Access Fund generally will be deemed to realize its pro rata sham of income, gain, deduction 
or loss realized by the Underlying Fund for such purposes. If instead the Underlying Fund was treated as 
a corporation for such purposes, each Limited Partner will bear its pro rata share of corporate taxes borne 
by the Underlying Fund. 
The following discussion assumes each Fund will qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082571 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228755 
EFTA01382993

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382994.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, REFERENCES IN THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACCESS FUND'S INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, 
INCOME, GAIN AND LOSS INCLUDE INDIRECT INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, INCOME, 
GAIN AND LOSS OF THE ACCESS FUND AS A RESULT OF THE ACCESS FUND'S STATUS 
AS A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE UNDERLYING FUND. 
Limited Partner's Tax Basis in its Interests. A Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests would include 
the amount of money and/or the tax basis of property (if any) that the Limited Partner contributes to the 
Access Fund, increased principally by the Limited Partner's distributive share of any Access Fund income 
and certain Access Fund liabilities (if any), and decreased, but not below zero, principally by (i) the amount 
of cash distributions from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner and the adjusted tax basis of any 
distributions in-kind from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner, (ii) the amount of the Limited Partner's 
distributive sham of the Access Fund's losses and (iii) the Limited Partner's sham of a reduction in certain 
Access Fund liabilities, if any. We can provide no assurance with respect to the amount of Fund liabilities 
that would be allocated to any Limited Partner for this purpose. 
Distributions. A cash distribution to a Limited Partner generally will be taxable only to the extent that it 
exceeds the Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests. The amount of the distribution, if any, that is in 
excess of tax basis will be considered to be gain from the sale of the Interests and generally taxable as a 
capital gain except to the extent attributable to certain ordinary income items of the Access Fund. Subject 
to certain exceptions, a Limited Partner generally would recognize loss with respect to its Interests only 
upon the receipt of a distribution consisting solely of cash in an amount that was less than the Limited 
Partner's tax basis in its Interests and which occurred in connection with a complete liquidation of the 
Limited Partner's Interests. 
Distributions of property other than cash, whether in complete or partial liquidation of a Limited Partner's 
Interests, generally would not result in the recognition of taxable income or loss to the Limited Partner 
(except to the extent such distribution is treated as made in exchange for such Limited Partner's share of 
the Access Fund's unrealized receivables). However, that gain generally must be recognized by a Limited 
Partner where the distribution consists of marketable securities unless the distributing partnership is an 
"investment partnership" and the recipient is an "eligible partner," both as defined in Section 731(c) of the 
Code. Each Fund will determine at the appropriate time whether it qualifies as an "investment partnership." 
Assuming it so qualifies, if a partner is an "eligible partner," which term should include a Limited Partner 
whose contributions to the Fund consisted solely of cash, the non-recognition rule described herein should 
apply. 
Allocations of Income and Loss to Limited Partners. Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, items of the 
Access Fund's income gain, loss and deduction are allocated so as to take into account the varying interests 
of the Partners in the Access Fund. U.S. Treasury Regulations provide that allocations of items of 
partnership income, gain, loss, deduction or credit will be respected for tax purposes if such allocations 
have "substantial economic effect" or are determined to be in accordance with the partners' interests in a 
partnership. The Access Fund believes that. for U.S. federal income tax purposes, allocations pursuant to 
the Partnership Agreement should be given effect, and the General Partner intends to prepare the Access 
Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns based on such allocations. We can provide no assurance that a 
Fund's allocations will be respected. If a Fund's allocations are successfully challenged and re-determined 
by the IRS, such redetermination could be less favorable than the allocations set forth in the applicable 
limited partnership agreement. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082572 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228758 
EFTA01382994

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382995.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For purposes of this provision, income of the Access Fund may be treated as investment income, and the 
investment interest limitation may apply to a non-corporate Limited Partner's share of any interest expense 
attributable to the Access Fund's operations. In such case, a non-corporate Limited Partner could be denied 
a deduction for all or part of that portion of its distributive share of the Access Fund's ordinary losses 
attributable to interest expenses. The investment interest limitation may also apply to interest paid by a 
non-corporate Limited Partner on money borrowed to finance its investment in the Access Fund. 
Prospective Limited Partners are advised to consult with their own tax advisors with respect to the 
application of the investment interest limitation in their particular tax situations. 
Application of Rules for Income and Losses from Passive Activities. The Code restricts the deductibility 
of losses from a "passive activity" against certain income that is not derived from a passive activity. This 
restriction applies to individuals, certain trusts, estates, personal service corporations and certain closely 
held corporations. Depending on the nature of the investments of a Fund, losses flowing through the Access 
Fund to Limited Partners may be subject to these passive activity, loss limitation rules. 
At-Risk Limitations A Limited Partner that is subject to the "at-risk limitations" (generally, non-corporate 
taxpayers and closely held corporations) may not deduct losses of the Access Fund to the extent that they 
exceed the amount such Limited Partner has -at risk" with respect to its Interests at the end of the year. 
Generally, a Limited Partner's investment in the Access Fund would be considered "at risk" to the extent it 
is made with cash, with property, or with the proceeds of a loan for which the Limited Partner is personally 
liable or which is secured by personal assets other than an interest in the Access Fund (to the extent of the 
net fair market value of the Limited Partner's interest in those assets). Such amount will be increased by 
the Limited Partner's share of subsequent income of the Access Fund and contributions to the Access Fund 
and decreased by the Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's losses and distributions (including 
withdrawal distributions). Deductions or losses of the Access Fund previously disallowed under the at-risk 
rules may be used to offset gain on the Limited Partner's sale or exchange of its Interests, including any 
amounts treated as gain in connection with a distribution in excess of the Limited Partner's tax basis in its 
Interests. If the amount that a Limited Partner is considered to have at risk in the Access Fund falls below 
zero (e.g., because of a distribution to the Limited Partner), the difference between the at-risk amount and 
zero may be included in income to the extent that losses of the Access Fund were previously deducted by 
that Limited Partner, and the amount so included in income will be treated as a deduction generated by the 
Access Fund in the following taxable year. 
Deductibility of Access Fund Expenses by Non-Corporate Limited Partners. Prospective investors who 
are individuals or certain closely held corporations should be aware that they could be subject to various 
limitations on their ability to use their allocable sham of deductions and losses of the Partnership against 
other income. 
For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January I, 2026, non-corporate taxpayers 
will be unable to take any deductions relating to -investment interest" and "miscellaneous itemized 
investment expenses." For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025, such deductions will be 
available to non-corporate taxpayers. subject to certain limitations. 
The consequences of the investment expense limitations will vary depending upon the particular tax 
situation of each taxpayer. Accordingly, non-corporate Limited Partners should consult their own tax 
advisors with respect to the application of these limitations. 
A Limited Partner will not be permitted to deduct syndication expenses and other expenses associated with 
the purchase of Interests, including placement fees. paid by such Limited Partner or the Access Fund. Any 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082574 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228758 
EFTA01382995

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382996.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382996.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
such amounts paid by a Limited Partner will be included in the adjusted tax basis of its Interests. Start-up 
and organizational expenses are generally amortized for U.S. federal income tax purposes over a fifteen 
(15) year period. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Capital Losses. Capital losses generally may be deducted only to the extent 
of capital gains, except for non-corporate taxpayers who are allowed to deduct $3,000 of capital losses per 
year against ordinary income without regard to capital gains. Corporate taxpayers may carry back unused 
capital losses for three years and may carry forward such losses %r five years; non-corporate taxpayers may 
carry forward unused capital losses indefinitely. 
Tar Treatment of Investments. In general and except as discussed below, the Access Fund expects that its 
gains will be treated as capital gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Capital gain on assets held for 
more than one year generally qualify as long-term capital gain. 
The Access Fund will recognize ordinary income from the interest income and fees it receives from lending 
money. Any gain or loss realized on the disposition of debt investments may, depending upon the 
circumstances of the holder at the time of any such sale, be treated as ordinary or capital. The actual 
character of the Access Fund's gain or loss on the disposition of loans will depend on several considerations, 
including whether the holder is treated as a trader or investor, on the one hand, or a dealer, on the other 
hand. A trader and an investor are persons who buy and sell securities for their own accounts. A dealer, in 
contrast, is a person who engages in transactions with "customers" rather than for investment or speculation. 
If the IRS were to characterize any part of a Fund's activities as those of a dealer, such Fund's gain or loss 
on any -dealer property would be ordinary income or loss. 
The Access Fund expects to recognize ordinary income from accruals of interest on debt investments. The 
Access Fund may be deemed to hold debt investments with original issue discount (-O1D"), which for this 
purpose includes -payments-in-kind," or PIIC, interest. In such case, the Access Fund would be required to 
include amounts in taxable income on a current basis even though receipt of such amounts may occur in a 
subsequent year. The Access Fund may also be deemed to hold loans with "market discount." Upon 
disposition of such an obligation, the Access Fund generally would be required to treat gain recognized as 
ordinary income to the extent of the market discount that accrued during the period the debt obligation was 
held by the Access Fund. Elections also may be made where market discount is included in income by the 
holder during the tenn of ownership. 
In addition, the Access Fund may be deemed to hold "contingent payment debt instruments." In general, 
all of the Access Fund's income and gains on a contingent payment debt instrument will be ordinary income, 
including gain on the sale of exchange of a contingent payment debt instrument, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund holds the instrument as a capital asset. Furthermore, all of the interest income on a contingent 
payment debt instrument will be treated as OID, regardless of whether the instrument has regular coupons. 
We cannot predict what portion of the Access Fund's portfolio would consist of contingent payment debt 
instruments. 
Furthermore, there arc a number of uncertainties in the U.S. federal income tax law relating to debt 
restructuring. In general. a "significant modification" of a debt obligation acquired by the Access Fund at 
a discount is treated as a taxable event to the Access Fund, with the resulting gain or loss measured by the 
difference between the principal amount of the debt after the modification and the Access Fund's tax basis 
in such debt before the modification. However, other than for certain "safe harbor" modifications specified 
in U.S. Treasury Regulations, the determination of whether a modification is "significant" is based on all 
of the facts and circumstances. Therefore, it is possible that the IRS could take the position that the 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082575 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228759 
EFTA01382996

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382997.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Controlled Foreign Corporations. Special rules apply to U.S. persons who own, directly or indirectly and 
applying certain attribution rules, 10% or more of the total combined voting power or total value of all 
classes of stock of a non-U.S. corporation (each, a "United States Shareholder") that is a "controlled 
foreign corporation" ("CFC'). 
A non-U.S. corporation generally will be a CFC if United States 
Shareholders collectively own more than 50% of the total combined voting power or total value of the 
corporation's stock on any day during any taxable year. 
If the Access Fund invests in a CFC and is a United States Shareholder, its Limited Partners who are U.S. 
persons will be subject to tax under the CFC rules. As a result, each such Limited Partner must include in 
its gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes its distributive sham of certain earnings and profits 
of the CFC. In addition, under Section 1248 of the Code, each such Limited Partner must treat a portion of 
its distributive share of any gain realized by the Access Fund upon disposition of the stock of the CFC as 
dividend income to the extent of certain earnings and profits of the CFC attributable to such stock. Further, 
if a Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, the Limited Partner may be required to recognize ordinary 
income under Section 751 of the Codc equal to its distributive share of any Section 1248 income that would 
have been triggered if the Access Fund had sold its interest in the CFC at fair market value. 
Moreover, under the 2017 Tax Legislation, the deferred earnings of certain foreign corporations will be 
deemed repatriated, and treated as if they were distributed to their United States Shareholders. Consequently, 
if the Access Fund invests in a foreign corporation and is a United States Shareholder, its Limited Partners 
who are U.S. Persons may be deemed to receive their distributive share of certain accumulated earnings 
and profits of such foreign corporation. 
The application of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to the Access Fund and Limited Partners is 
complex. Limited Partners should consult their own tax advisors about the applicability and U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to their investment in the Access Fund. 
Foreign Currency Gain or Loss. A Limited Partner's distributive share of any profit or loss realized by 
the Access Fund on the conversion of U.S. dollars into non-U.S. currency, or of non-U.S. currency into 
U.S. dollars, generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather than capital gain or loss. Further, 
if the Access Fund invests in a debt investment or effectively becomes the obligor under a debt instrument 
or enters into certain other transactions, any of which is denominated in terms of a currency other than its 
functional currency, fluctuations in the value of that currency relative to its functional currency generally 
will result in foreign currency gain or loss. Any foreign currency gain or loss realized by the Access Fund 
generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather than capital gain or loss, and any Limited Partner 
will be subject to tax on its allocable share of such income or loss. 
Tax-Exempt Investors The Underlying Fund may (i) invest in operating entities that are treated as flow-
through for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) generate unrelated debt-financed income if they borrow 
funds, or (iii) generate some income, for example, from break-up fees or transaction fees, each of which 
may cause investors that are U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors to incur material amounts of UBTI. A U.S. Tax-
Exempt Investor's allocable share of Access Fund income constituting UBTI would be subject to federal 
income taxation and might be subject to state and local taxation as well. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors should 
only invest in the Access Fund if they are willing to receive material amounts of UBTI. 
Potential U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors should be aware that the Underlying Fund may use leverage that 
would be treated as acquisition indebtedness resulting in a material portion of the income from the Access 
Fund being taxable as UBTI to U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082577 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228761 
EFTA01382997

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382998.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Fund or a partnership in which the Underlying Fund invests (even if, with respect to such partnership, the 
Underlying Fund was not a partner of the partnership during the tax year under audit). 
United States Tar Reporting by Limited Partners that are Owners of Non-US Entities. United States tax 
rules impose information reporting requirements on U.S. persons that own, either directly or indirectly 
under certain attribution rules, more than certain threshold amounts of stock in a non-U.S. corporation. 
These persons must disclose, among other things, various transactions between themselves and those non-
U.S. corporations. For this purpose, stock ownership is determined with regard to certain stock attribution 
rules, and each Limited Partner is treated as owning part or all of the stock owned directly or indirectly by 
the Access Fund. In certain circumstances, these rules may require Limited Partners to file reports annually. 
A significant monetary penalty may be imposed on a Limited Partner that fails to satisfy any applicable 
reporting requirements. 
A Limited Partner will be responsible for determining whether it is required to file any information returns 
or statements or otherwise report any information with respect to any non-U.S. entities as a result of owning 
Interests, and for satisfying any such filing or reporting requirements. The Access Fund may not be able to 
provide a Limited Partner with information requested by the Limited Partner in connection with completing 
any filing requirements due to confidentiality restrictions, unavailability of the information requested or 
other reasons. 
Specifically, U.S. individuals (and possibly certain entities) are generally required to file certain 
infommtion with their annual U.S. federal income tax return regarding interests they hold in foreign 
entities or accounts worth more than $50,000 at any time during the year. If the General Partner were to 
offer a structure where Limited Partners own their investment in the Access Fund through a non-U.S. 
entity, it is possible any such Limited Partners would be subject to such information reporting. In addition, 
a separate obligation to file an annual Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (an "FBAR") 
applies to any U.S. person who has a financial interest in, or signature or other authority over, non-U.S. 
financial accounts worth more than $10,000 at any time during the year. Under the FBAR regulations, 
ownership by a U.S. person of an interest in a foreign private fund entity is not currently subject to FBAR 
reporting, but the regulations continue to reserve on the application of the FBAR rules to such interest. 
Potential investors should discuss the application of the above rules with their own advisers in light of 
their individual circumstances. 
Qualified Dividend Income. Subject to certain elections, "qualified dividend income" is generally taxable 
to non-corporate taxpayers at reduced U.S. federal income tax rates. A Limited Partner's qualified dividend 
income may include the Limited Partner's indirect allocable share of certain dividends received by the 
Access Fund from U.S. corporations and qualified foreign corporations. Subject to certain limitations, 
qualified foreign corporations include those incorporated in a possession of the United States and foreign 
corporations eligible for benefits under a comprehensive income tax treaty identified by the IRS, but do not 
include foreign corporations that are treated as "passive foreign investment companies" for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. A dividend of a foreign corporation may also be treated as qualified dividend income 
if the stock with respect to which the dividend is paid is readily tradable on an established securities market 
in the United States. 
In order for Limited Partners to qualify for the lower tax rate with respect to their indirect allocable share 
of qualified dividends, however, the Access Fund must hold the shares of stock producing the dividend for 
at least 61 days during the 121-day period beginning on the date that is 60 days before the date such shares 
become a -dividend. For preferred stock, thc required periods arc increased from 61 days to 91 days and 
from 121 days to 181 days if the dividends are attributable to periods totaling more than 366 days; if the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082579 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228763 
EFTA01382998

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01382999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01382999.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
U.S Securities Exchange Act of 1934. It is not expected that the Access Fund will be required to register 
the Interests under Section 12(g) or any other provision of the Exchange Act. The Access Fund does not 
expect to have any class of equity security held of record by two thousand (2,000) or more persons and 
expects to meet the other exemptions available under the Exchange Act. As a result, the Access Fund would 
not be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the Exchange Act and investors should 
only expect to receive the information and reports required to be delivered pursuant to the Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investment Company Act of 1940. It is anticipated that the Access Fund will be excepted from the 
definition of "investment company" in reliance on the exception contained in Section 3(cX7) of the 
Investment Company Act and, thus, exempt from the registration requirements of the Investment Company 
Act. Accordingly, the Access Fund expects that it will sell Interests only to "qualified purchasers" as 
defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act. This exception is available only to an issuer 
which is not making and does not presently propose to make a public offering of its securities. With respect 
to the determination that an investor meets the definition of-qualified purchaser" in connection with the 
exception contained in Section 3(cX7), the Access Fund will obtain and rely on appropriate representations 
and undertakings from investors in order to ensure that the Access Fund meets the conditions of the relevant 
exception on an ongoing basis. The General Partner reserves the right to prevent the ownership of Interests 
by any person if the effect of such ownership would preclude the Access Fund from relying on Section 
3(cX7) of the Investment Company Act or otherwise require the Access Fund to register as an "investment 
company" under the Investment Company Act. 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1974. The General Partner (0 will qualify for an exemption from registration 
as a CPO with respect to the Access Fund pursuant to CFTC Rule 4.13(aX3) under the Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1974, as amended, and plans to file a notice to claim such exemption with the National 
Futures Association ("NFA") and (ii) qualifies for an exemption from registration with the CFTC as a 
commodity trading advisor ("CTA") under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(5). The Investment Manager is exempt 
from registration as a CTA under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(8) and has filed a notice to claim such exemption 
with the NFA. Accordingly, the General Partner and the Investment Manager will not be subject to certain 
regulatory requirements with respect to the Access Fund (which are intended to provide certain regulatory 
safeguards to investors) that would otherwise be applicable absent such exemptions. If any figure 
regulatory change causes the General Partner or Investment Manager to lose any applicable exemption, 
there could be a material adverse effect on the Access Fund. 
Certain Legal Considerations. The offer and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law, and an investment in the Access Fund may involve legal requirements. non-U.S. exchange 
restrictions and tax considerations unique to the Investor. None of the Placement Agents, the Investment 
Manager, the General Partner or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation with respect to 
whether any Limited Partner is permitted to hold such Interests. Interests that are acquired by any person, 
or in any transaction, in violation of applicable law, as determined by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion, may be mandatorily redeemed. Prospective investors should consult their own legal and tax 
advisors regarding such considerations prior to making an investment decision. 
Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Requirements. 
In response to increased regulatory 
requirements with respect to the sources of funds used in investments and other activities, the General 
Partner may require prospective investors to provide documentation verifying, among other things, such 
investor's and any of its beneficial owners' identities and source and use of finds used to purchase an 
Interest. The General Partner may decline to accept a subscription if this information is not provided or on 
the basis of such information that is provided. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082582 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228788 
EFTA01382999

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383000.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383000.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
return in respect of such investment, the composition of the ERISA Plan's portfolio, the liquidity and 
current return of the total portfolio relative to the anticipated cash flow needs of the ERISA Plan and the 
projected return of the portfolio relative to the ERISA Plan's funding objectives. A fiduciary of an ERISA 
Plan should also consider whether an investment in the Access Fund might constitute or give rise to a 
-prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of Code. 
The trustee or other person who is contemplating an investment of a portion of the assets of an individual 
retirement account (-IRA") described in Section 408 of the Code that is not subject to Title I of ERISA, or 
any pension, profit sharing, Keogh or other retirement employee benefit plan that is not subject to Title I of 
ERISA but is qualified under Section 40I(a) of the Code, or of an investment fund or other collective 
investment vehicle that contains assets of one or more such accounts or plans (each such plan, an 
"Individual Plan", and each Individual Plan to which Section 4975 of the Code applies and each ERISA 
Plan, a "Plan") in the Interests should carefully consider, taking into account the facts and circumstances 
of the Individual Plan, whether: such investment is consistent with the Individual Plan's needs for sufficient 
liquidity to pay benefits when due, given that there is not expected to be a market in which to sell or 
otherwise dispose of the Interests: such trustee or other person has authority to make such investment under 
the appropriate governing instrument; and the acquisition or holding of an the Interest in the Access Fund 
will result in a non-exempt -prohibited transaction" under Section 4975 of the Code. 
On June 9, 2017, the U.S. Department of Labor promulgated new rules (the "2017 Fiduciary Rule") that 
substantially broaden the types of activities that create a fiduciary relationship between certain persons, 
including marketing professionals, and a Plan. Subject to certain conditions, the 2017 Fiduciary Rule 
includes an exception (the 'Seller's Exclusion") for (1) sophisticated institutional ERISA Plans and (2) 
smaller ERISA Plans and Individual Plans that are represented by a sophisticated independent fiduciary. 
The General Partner intends to rely on the Seller's Exclusion in connection with any investment decision 
made by any Plan with respect to the Access Fund. However, if it were determined that the Seller's 
Exclusion did not apply to a Plan's investment in the Access Fund and that the General Partner, Investment 
Manager or one of its affiliates (the 'Sponsor") had provided "investment advice" to such Plan with respect 
to such investment decision, the Sponsor may be considered a fiduciary under the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. If 
the Sponsor is found to be a fiduciary, to a Plan investor, the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA 
and the Code will generally apply and certain arrangements between the Sponsor and the Access Fund 
and/or the Plan may violate ERISA's "prohibited transactions" rules. Due to the 2017 Fiduciary Rule's 
relatively recent effectiveness, there is still uncertainty as to the manner in which the U.S. Department of 
Labor interprets many aspects of the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. 
Under ERISA and the regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Labor, investments by 
a Plan in the Access Fund may cause the General Partner to be subject to fiduciary responsibility rules 
under ERISA. If the Access Fund's Assets are treated as "plan assets" of an ERISA Plan or the Sponsor is 
considered a fiduciary as a result of the Plan's investment in the Access Fund, the fiduciary standards and 
prohibited transaction rules referred to above would apply to the Access Fund's holdings and the General 
Partner's ability to invest Access Fund Assets. The Access Fund's Assets will not be treated as -plan assets" 
of a Plan, however, if investment by "benefit plan investors" (as defined in ERISA) in the Access Fund is 
not "significant" for purposes of ERISA, meaning that less than 25% of each class of equity interest in the 
Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," which includes any Plan and any entities holding plan 
assets (to the extent of the percentage of equity interests held by benefit plan investors). Equity interests 
held by the General Partner or its affiliates are disregarded for purposes of applying the 25% ownership 
rule. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) less than 25% of the total value of 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082584 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228788 
EFTA01383000

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383001.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
each class of equity interests (disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) in 
the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA 
and the regulations thereunder, and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan assets 
subject to the fiduciary, standards of Part 4 of Tide I of ERISA. The General Partner will rely on the 
representations of the investors as to their benefit plan investor status in making the determination of 
whether the subscriptions of benefit plan investors will be limited. If the assets of the Access Fund were 
deemed to be -plan assets" under ERISA, (i) the prudence and other requirements of Title I of ERISA 
would apply to investments made by the Access Fund, (ii) the General Partner and any additional 
investment advisors would be plan "fiduciaries" under ERISA with respect to ERISA Plan investors, and 
ERISA Plan investors or other employee benefit plan investors may have improperly delegated fiduciary 
responsibility to the General Partner, and (iii) the Access Fund may be required to withdraw from an 
Underlying Fund and may incur significant liability to the Underlying Fund. 
On the Form 5500 Annual Return (-Form 5500"), ERISA Plan investors may be required to report certain 
compensation paid by the Access Fund (or by third-parties) to the Access Fund's service providers as 
-reportable indirect compensation" on Schedule C to the Form 5500. To the extent any compensation 
arrangements described herein constitute reportable indirect compensation required to be reported on 
Schedule C to the Form 5500, any such descriptions are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 
the alternative reporting option for "eligible indirect compensation," as defined for purposes of Schedule C 
to the Form 5500. 
Although federal, state and local governmental pension plans air not subject to ERISA, applicable 
provisions of federal and state law may restrict the type of investments such a plan may make or otherwise 
have an impact on such a plan's ability to invest in the Access Fund. Accordingly, state and local 
governmental pension plans considering an investment in the Access Fund should consult with their counsel 
regarding their proposed investment in the Access Fund. 
WHETHER OR NOT THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND ARE DEEMED 
PLAN ASSETS UNDER APPLICABLE REGULATIONS, AN INVESTMENT IN THE ACCESS 
FUND BY AN ERISA PLAN IS SUBJECT TO ERISA AND INVESTMENTS BY OTHER TYPES 
OF EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. ACCORDINGLY, FIDUCIARIES OF ERISA PLANS SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN COUNSEL AS TO THE CONSEQUENCES UNDER ERISA OR 
APPLICABLE LAW OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS. 
THE FOREGOING DISCUSSION OF ERISA AND CODE ISSUES SHOULD NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS LEGAL ADVICE. FIDUCIARIES OF PLANS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
OWN COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO ISSUES ARISING UNDER ERISA AND THE CODE AND 
MAKE THEIR OWN INDEPENDENT DECISION REGARDING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
ACCESS FUND. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082585 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228789 
EFTA01383001

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383002.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Private Placement Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, L.P. 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
March 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement') may only be distributed in conjunction with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the "Memorandum') relating to the offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests') In Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund'), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and the Memorandum. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082586 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228770 
EFTA01383002

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383003.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Changes to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The following information set forth in the Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund is heret:y 
amended with the changes as marked below: 
Access Fund Expenses: 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, including: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; expenses and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax reporting including under the U.S. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs or expenses in connection with the 
Access Fund's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying Fund and any subsequent closing 
interest charged to the Access Fund); extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, including indemnification 
expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or 
sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, administrative (including any fees 
and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General Partner), custodial 
and registration services provided to the Access Fund and any expenses attributable to consulting services, 
including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities by the Access 
Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or otherwise relating to the preparation 
of form documentation in respect of Transfers; fccs and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement to 
provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the process for Limited Partners to sell all or 
any portion of their Interests; reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as travel, 
research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of the Access Fund in respect of 
the Underlying Fund and the management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses (including 
travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or othenvise holding meetings or conferences 
with Limited Partners. whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the Placement Agents, 
whether internal or provided by a third party service provider, utilized for risk management, measurement 
and valuation purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility or regulatory 
obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the Access Fund, the General Partner or 
the Investment Manager. Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses associated with 
the ongoing operations of any alternative investment vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; 
legal and recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, economists, outside counsel, 
accountants and other third-party service providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment vehicles, including tax preparation 
expenses; expenses relating to any audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary expenses). In addition to the 
foregoing, Access Fund expenses will include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all 
of the operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or relating to a Feeder Fund shall 
be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses 
of the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly borne by the limited partners 
of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund); provided, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082588 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228772 
EFTA01383003

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383004.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific Feeder Fund will be determined 
with respect to, and paid separately by, such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner 
in its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access Fund to fund their share of 
Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a 
Limited Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund their share 
of Access Fund expenses); except as otherwistoro_videdierein_or ittthe_Partnersbio_Aoreemeth. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds) will 
indirectly bear the cost of the Access Fund's pro raw share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the Access Fund 
as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund expenses by virtue of being a Limited 
Partner of the Access Fund. To the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred by 
the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of the Access Fund and/or any Parallel 
Access Funds established in connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying Fund, 
the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the Access Fund and such Parallel Access 
Funds as it reasonably deems appropriate. 
Indemnification: 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, the respective partners, members. 
stockholders, officers, directors, managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets of the Access Fund, including the 
capital calls from the Limited Partners-Ewhielt-eapdal-ealls-fer-indemoifieaden-eipeoses-artemside-ef-a 
krimited-Pactner-4-SubseFimien), and from the proceeds of liability insurance and any-assets-f-rem 
anvccrtain recalleds of Distributions (sec "- Capital Calls- and "Limned Partner Gnieback-), against 
certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and 
indirectly the Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts will be callable from Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund to the full extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of dDistributions as described in  Limited Partner Givehack below 
Limited Partner Giveback: 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other liability or is otherwise required to return 
distributions to the Underlying Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in its capacity as a limited partner of 
the Underlying Fund), each Limited Partner may be required to return distributions received from the 
Access Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; provided. however, that the 
aggregate amount of such returns from any Limited Partner shall not exceed the-aggregate-amount•ef25% 
of all _distributions received by such Limited Partner (44-being-unflersteefl-that-aelditionel-amounts-ima)-be 
called-freinfrom the Access Fund, unless the Access Fund is otherwise required to return Distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA (in which case a Limited Partner would be
required to bear its proportionate share of such return obligation):providedjiirther that no Limited Partner 
shall be required to return distributions to the Access Fund after the Ix-month anniversary of the last day 
of the Term (provided that if at the end of such period there are any proceedings or claims outstanding. the 
General Partner shall notify the Limited Partners and the obligation to indemnify shall be extended until 
the date such proceedings  or claims are ultimately resolved and distributions are returned to the Limited 
Partners in respect of-indemnifiention-txpensesi-whieli-antetints-are-ouiside-eltlimited-Partherzs 
Subseciptionthereol). 
Changes to III Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082589 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228773 
EFTA01383004

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383005.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
The following information set forth in the fourth paragraph of "Certain Risk Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund" is hereby amended with the 
changes as marked below: 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and its affiliates. There have been 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In-additionreapitel-conhibutions-to-fundthe-Aceess-Fund's-inderonity-obligationserootitsideole-Limited 
Pertnerls-Subseriptien, Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Repayment 
of Distributions" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund may be required to repay to the Underlying Fund or to pay creditors of the Underlying 
Fund, as applicable, distributions previously received by it. In addition, the Access Fund may be required 
to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts that are required to be withheld by the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes TheSubject to certain rectrictionq in the Partnership Ap,r 
t the Access Fund may require 
Limited Partners to return to the Access Fund ell-er-part-ef-an,-distributions made by the Access Fund to 
the Limited Partners in order to satisfy all or any portion of the Access Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or otherwise. Similarly, Limited Partners may also be required to repay 
or pay such amount to the Access Fund if the Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Indemnity 
Obligation" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
administrator and certain of their affiliates and representatives (including any sub-advisor or other similar 
service provider) for liabilities incurred in connection with the affairs of the Access Fund. Any such 
indemnification (and the expenses thereof) will be in addition to the indemnification granted under the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082590 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228774 
EFTA01383005

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383006.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity obligations and any indemnification 
granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and the investments of the Underlying Fund), 
including the obligation to return distributions to fund any such Underlying Fund indemnification (with the 
Limited Partners in turn being required to return distributions). Thc Access Fund's indemnification 
obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be funded by capital calls from the Limited Partners or 
through the return of Distributions previously made to the Limited Partners.  A-himited-Panner:s-obligation 
gutyseriptienr aftEl-therefere-will-net-be-eappen sulajecLto_certaizexceptions and restrictions set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement. In addition, the Access Fund's assets, including any investments held by the Access 
Fund (including cash or cash equivalents), arc available to satisfy all liabilities and other obligations of the 
Access Fund, including indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund an indemnification claim will 
survive the dissolution of the Access Fund. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Multiple 
Layers of Expenses" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each have expenses and management costs that will be borne, 
directly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Access Fund) or indirectly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Underlying Fund), by the Access Fund. Further, distributions from the Underlying Fund to the 
Access Fund will be subject to the carried interest of the Glendower GP. In addition, certain expenses will 
be apart from a Limited Partner's Subscription, including indemnifteatim-espeftses-mid-eenain-ether 
required-payrnentsr ineluiling-transfer expenses, interest expenses in connection with subsequent closings, 
certain tax preparation and other expenses attributable to specific limited partners. A Limited Partner's 
obligation to fund these expenses will not be capped. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082591 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228775 
EFTA01383006

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383007.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Appendix A 
Underlying Fund Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082592 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228778 
EFTA01383007

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383008.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower 
Capital 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228777 
DB-SDNY-0082593 
EFTA01383008

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383009.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
$1,750.000,000 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM, DATED 
MARCH 2018 (THIS "MEMORANDUM"), IS BEING CIRCULATED TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF QUALIFIED 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS FOR THE PURPOSE OF EVALUATING AN INVESTMENT IN THE LIMITED 
PARTNER INTERESTS (THE • INTERESTS') OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND IV, LP (THE "FUND'). THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING CIRCULATED BY GLENDOWER CAPITAL 
LLP (THE "MANAGER") WHICH IS AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED BY THE UK FINANCIAL CONDUCT 
AUTHORITY (THE 'FCA'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM AMENDS, RESTATES AND REPLACES THE 
CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM OF THE FUND, DATED OCTOBER 2017, AND 
THE SUPPLEMENTS THERETO. 
THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES A FINANCIAL PROMOTION FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE UK 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ('FSMA'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR DISTRIBUTED, NOR MAY ITS 
CONTENTS BE DISCLOSED, TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT DIRECTLY INVOLVED WITH THE 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR'S DECISION REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF INTERESTS WITHOUT THE 
PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE MANAGER. BY ACCEPTING DELIVERY OF THIS MEMORANDUM, 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO THE FOREGOING. 
THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT LIMIT THE DISCLOSURE OF THE TAX TREATMENT OR TAX 
STRUCTURE OF THE FUND (OR ANY TRANSACTIONS UNDERTAKEN BY THE FUND). AS USED IN 
THIS PARAGRAPH, THE TERM 'TAX TREATMENT' REFERS TO THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT AND THE TERM 'TAX STRUCTURE' REFERS TO ANY FACT 
THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO UNDERSTANDING THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX TREATMENT, PROVIDED THAT, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, (A) EXCEPT TO THE 
EXTENT OTHERWISE ESTABLISHED IN PUBLISHED GUIDANCE BY THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE, TAX TREATMENT AND TAX STRUCTURE SHALL NOT INCLUDE THE NAME OF, CONTACT 
INFORMATION FOR, OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR IDENTIFYING INFORMATION REGARDING THE FUND 
OR ANY OF ITS INVESTMENTS (INCLUDING THE NAMES OF ANY EMPLOYEES OR AFFILIATES 
THEREOF) AND (B) NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL LIMIT THE ABILITY OF A PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR TO MAKE ANY DISCLOSURE TO THE INVESTOR'S TAX ADVISERS OR TO THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER TAXING AUTHORITY. 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN EXAMINATION OF 
THE FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED, APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE FCA, 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER NON-U. S. SECURITIES COMMISSION OR 
REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT 
CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. SEE 'APPENDIX 1: NOTICES TO 
INVESTORS IN SPECIFIC JURISDICTIONS" FOR LEGENDS RELATING TO THOSE JURISDICTIONS IN 
WHICH THE INTERESTS SHALL BE OFFERED AND, BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO BE BOUND BY EACH RELEVANT LEGEND AND 
CORRESPONDING RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN APPENDIX 1. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING COMMUNICATED IN THE UK ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
CONSIDERED TO BE "PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS' OR WHO MAY, ON REQUEST, BE TREATED AS 
"PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS' WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANNEX II TO THE MARKETS IN FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS DIRECTIVE (2014/65/EU) (*PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM 
MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS. ANY INTERESTS TO WHICH THIS MEMORANDUM RELATES ARE AVAILABLE ONLY TO 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS. THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT AN APPROVED PROSPECTUS FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF SECTION 85 OF FSMA. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082595 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228779 
EFTA01383009

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383010.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
THE FUND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED. THE INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY 
HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. AS 
AMENDED (THE 'SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE OR OTHER SECURITIES LAWS OR THE LAWS 
OF ANY NON-U.S. JURISDICTION. THE INTERESTS WILL BE OFFERED AND SOLD FOR INVESTMENT 
ONLY TO QUALIFYING RECIPIENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY SECTION 4(A)(2) 
THEREOF AND REGULATION D PROMULGATED THEREUNDER AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE U.S. AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE OFFERING 
WILL BE MADE. THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR THE INTERESTS AND THERE IS NO 
OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF ANY PERSON TO REGISTER THE INTERESTS UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. 
THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE NON-U.S. SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO 
REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE INTERESTS WILL 
BE FURTHER RESTRICTED BY THE TERMS OF THE FUND'S LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
(THE "FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT"). INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS FOR AN 
INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
THE INTERESTS ARE OFFERED SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE AND ANY SUBSCRIPTION FOR 
INTERESTS BY AN INVESTOR MAY BE REJECTED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART. AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
INTERESTS WILL INVOLVE SIGNIFICANT RISKS DUE, AMONG OTHER THINGS, TO THE NATURE OF 
THE INVESTMENTS THE FUND INTENDS TO MAKE AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE 
FUND'S RATE OF RETURN OBJECTIVES WILL BE REALIZED OR THAT THERE WILL BE ANY RETURN 
OF CAPITAL. SEE "SECTION 7: RISK FACTORS' AND "SECTION 8: CONFLICTS OF INTEREST-. 
INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE THE FINANCIAL ABILITY AND WILLINGNESS TO ACCEPT THE RISKS 
AND LACK OF LIQUIDITY THAT ARE CHARACTERISTIC OF THE INVESTMENT DESCRIBED HEREIN. 
INVESTORS IN THE FUND MUST BE PREPARED TO BEAR SUCH RISKS FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD 
OF TIME. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOT CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM AS 
LEGAL, TAX, INVESTMENT OR OTHER ADVICE. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD MAKE ITS 
OWN INQUIRIES AND CONSULT ITS ADVISERS AS TO THE FUND AND THIS OFFERING AND AS TO 
LEGAL, TAX. FINANCIAL AND OTHER RELEVANT MATTERS CONCERNING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
INTERESTS AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE INVESTMENT FOR SUCH INVESTOR.
IN CONSIDERING THE PRIOR PERFORMANCE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (INCLUDING IN 
RESPECT OF DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND A, L.P., DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND B, L.P. AND DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND C, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND D, L.P.. SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP AND SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND III, LP (TOGETHER, THE "SOF FUNDS"), PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD 
BEAR IN MIND THAT PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE 
RESULTS AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE FUND WILL ACHIEVE COMPARABLE 
RESULTS. 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ALL REFERENCES TO RATES OF RETURN OR 
INTERNAL RATES OF RETURN IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE TO RATES OF RETURN ON 
INVESTMENTS ON A GROSS BASIS AND, AS SUCH, EXCLUDE THE EFFECT OF PRIORITY PROFIT 
SHARE, MANAGEMENT FEES AND EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MAY, UPON REQUEST, OBTAIN A HYPOTHETICAL ILLUSTRATION OF 
THE EFFECT OF FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES ON THE RETURNS, 
BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY SUCH ILLUSTRATION IS HYPOTHETICAL AND, AS SUCH, IS LIKELY 
TO PRODUCE DIFFERENT RESULTS FROM THOSE ACTUALLY OBTAINED AS A RESULT OF THE 
APPLICATION OF THE RELEVANT FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONTACT REPRESENTATIVES OF THE 
MANAGER TO DISCUSS THE PROCEDURES AND METHODOLOGIES USED TO CALCULATE THE 
INVESTMENT RETURNS AND OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED, BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT THEIR 
INVESTMENT MUST BE BASED SOLELY ON THE INFORMATION IN THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS FINAL 
FORM AND IN THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD TAKE NOTE THAT, AS DESCRIBED IN "HISTORY" IN SECTION 1: EXECUTIVE SUMMARY OF 
THIS MEMORANDUM, NOT ALL MEMBERS OF THE INVESTMENT AND OPERATIONS TEAMS THAT 
Confidential Private Pbeement Memorandum 
Page 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082596 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228780 
EFTA01383010

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383011.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
MANAGED THE SOF FUNDS AT DEUTSCHE BANK HAVE JOINED THE MANAGER AND GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL (U.S.), LLC (THE 'U.S. ADVISER'). 
ACCORDINGLY, IN EVALUATING THE PAST 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOF FUNDS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE 
PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER WERE FORMALLY PART 
OF DEUTSCHE BANK, A LARGE INSTITUTION, AND, IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTMENTS 
COMPRISING THE TRACK RECORD OF THE SOF FUNDS, SUCH PERSONS FUNCTIONED AS PART 
OF A LARGER GROUP WITHIN DEUTSCHE BANK AND THE SUCCESS OR OTHERWISE OF THE SOF 
FUNDS SHOULD NOT BE SOLELY ATTRIBUTED TO THE PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE 
MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER. 
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES "FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS," WHICH CAN BE IDENTIFIED BY THE USE OF FORWARD-LOOKING TERMINOLOGY 
SUCH AS "MAY,' "WILL.- SHOULD," 'EXPECT,' 'ANTICIPATE,' -PROJECT,' ESTIMATE," "INTEND,' 
"CONTINUE' OR "BELIEVE' OR THE NEGATIVES THEREOF OR OTHER VARIATIONS THEREON OR 
OTHER COMPARABLE TERMINOLOGY. DUE TO VARIOUS RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES, INCLUDING 
THOSE DESCRIBED IN THIS MEMORANDUM, ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS OR THE ACTUAL 
PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE REFLECTED OR 
CONTEMPLATED IN SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. NO REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO FUTURE PERFORMANCE OR SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN PREPARED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT THE LEGAL AND TAX 
STRUCTURE REQUIRED TO CONDUCT THE ACTIVITIES OF THE FUND HAS ALREADY BEEN FULLY 
IMPLEMENTED AND THAT ALL REGULATORY, TAX AND OTHER CLEARANCES HAVE BEEN 
OBTAINED. THE STRUCTURE WILL HAVE BEEN IMPLEMENTED PRIOR TO THE FIRST CLOSING OF 
THE FUND. IN PARTICULAR, THIS MEMORANDUM MAKES REFERENCE TO THE MANAGER BEING 
AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED AS AN "ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND MANAGER" BY THE FCA. 
AS OF THE DATE HEREOF, THE MANAGER IS AWAITING FINAL CONFIRMATION OF ITS 
AUTHORIZATION FROM THE FCA. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE FIRST CLOSING OF THE 
FUND WILL NOT OCCUR UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE MANAGER HAS RECEIVED THE NECESSARY 
AUTHORIZATIONS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION IN ANY JURISDICTION 
TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY TO WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION 
IN SUCH STATE OR JURISDICTION. THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING AND THE INTERESTS 
DESCRIBED HEREIN MAY BE MODIFIED AT ANY TIME. IN THE EVENT THAT THE DESCRIPTIONS OR 
TERMS IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE INCONSISTENT WITH OR CONTRARY TO THE FUND 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT (WHICH IS AVAILABLE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS UPON 
REQUEST), THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT SHALL CONTROL. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM OR THE DEFINITIVE SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENTS, AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH 
INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR THEREIN MUST NOT BE 
RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE MANAGER, THE FUND, ITS GENERAL 
PARTNER (THE "GENERAL PARTNER') OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES. THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN COMPILED AS OF THE DATE 
HEREOF UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED HEREIN, AND NEITHER THE DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM AT ANY TIME, NOR ANY SALE HEREUNDER, SHALL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES 
CREATE AN IMPLICATION THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS CORRECT AS OF ANY 
TIME SUBSEQUENT TO SUCH DATE. CERTAIN ECONOMIC AND MARKET INFORMATION 
CONTAINED HEREIN HAS BEEN OBTAINED FROM PUBLISHED SOURCES PREPARED BY OTHER 
PARTIES. WHILE SUCH SOURCES ARE BELIEVED TO BE RELIABLE, SUCH INFORMATION HAS NOT 
BEEN INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED AND NONE OF THE GENERAL PARTNER. THE FUND, THE 
MANAGER, THE U.S. ADVISER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ASSUMES ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER 
CREDIT SUISSE ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED ("CREDIT SUISSE') NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES 
HAS INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN OR THE INFORMATION 
OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE BY THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND OR THE MANAGER, AND 
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF 
SUCH INFORMATION OR ANY FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN 
Confidential Private Pbeement Memorandum 
Page iii 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082597 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228781 
EFTA01383011

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383012.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
THIS MEMORANDUM. 
EACH OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL, LLP AND THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE 'CFTC') AND IS 
NOT REGISTERED WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR ('CPO'), PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC REGULATION SECTION 4.13(AX3) FOR POOLS (A) WHOSE INTERESTS 
ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE OFFERED AND SOLD 
WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES, (B) WHOSE PARTICIPANTS ARE 
LIMITED TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND (C) WHOSE INVESTMENTS IN COMMODITY INTEREST 
POSITIONS ARE LIMITED SUCH THAT EITHER (1) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL MARGIN, PREMIUMS 
AND REQUIRED MINIMUM DEPOSIT FOR RETAIL FOREX TRANSACTIONS (AS DEFINED IN CFTC 
REGULATION SECTION 5.1(M)) REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH SUCH POSITIONS, DETERMINED AT THE 
TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE 
LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING INTO ACCOUNT UNREALIZED 
PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS ENTERED INTO, PROVIDED 
THAT, IN THE CASE OF AN OPTION THAT IS IN-THE-MONEY AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE, THE IN-
THE-MONEY AMOUNT AS DEFINED IN CFTC REGULATION SECTION 190.01 MAY BE EXCLUDED IN 
COMPUTING SUCH 5% OR (2) AN AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF SUCH POSITIONS, 
DETERMINED AT THE TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT 
EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING INTO 
ACCOUNT UNREALIZED PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS 
ENTERED INTO. THEREFORE, UNLIKE A REGISTERED CPO, NEITHER THE MANAGER NOR THE 
GENERAL PARTNER IS REQUIRED TO DELIVER A DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT (AS DEFINED IN THE 
CFTC REGULATIONS) AND A CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORT TO INVESTORS. 
THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE 
ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS 
NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THIS MEMORANDUM WAS PREPARED BY REPRESENTATIVES OF THE FUND AND IS BEING 
FURNISHED BY CREDIT SUISSE AS PLACEMENT AGENT SOLELY FOR USE BY PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. CREDIT SUISSE IS ACTING AS PLACEMENT 
AGENT FOR THE GENERAL PARTNER, AND, IN THAT CAPACITY, IS NOT ACTING AS INVESTMENT 
ADVISER, MUNICIPAL ADVISOR, OR FIDUCIARY TO POTENTIAL PURCHASERS IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE INTERESTS OFFERED IN THIS MEMORANDUM. IN ACTING AS PLACEMENT AGENT, 
CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ADVISING ANY RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM REGARDING WHETHER 
THE FUND IS MORE APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH RECIPIENT'S INVESTMENT NEEDS THAN OTHER 
SIMILAR FUNDS THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE. POTENTIAL INVESTORS MUST MAKE THEIR OWN 
INVESTMENT DECISIONS. IN MAKING THOSE DECISIONS, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD BE 
AWARE THAT CREDIT SUISSE WILL RECEIVE A PLACEMENT FEE FROM THE GENERAL PARTNER 
(OR ITS AFFILIATE) THAT IS GENERALLY BASED UPON THE AMOUNT OF INTERESTS IN THE FUND 
SUBSCRIBED FOR BY THE INVESTORS. CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ACTING AND WILL NOT ACT AS A 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 975 OF THE DODD-FRANK WALL STREET 
REFORM AND CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED 
THEREUNDER ('MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE'). ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL, OR INFORMATION THAT 
CREDIT SUISSE PROVIDES TO A MUNICIPAL ENTITY OR OBLIGATED PERSON AS DEFINED BY THE 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE ('COVERED PARTY') ARE PROVIDED ON AN ARM'S LENGTH BASIS AND 
NOT AS AN ADVISOR OR FIDUCIARY TO THE COVERED PARTY. COVERED PARTIES SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL ADVISORS BEFORE TAKING ACTION WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL OR INFORMATION PROVIDED TO THEM BY CREDIT 
SUISSE. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO WILL NOT SOLICIT A COVERED PARTY FOR DIRECT OR INDIRECT 
COMPENSATION ON BEHALF OF AN UNAFFILIATED INVESTMENT ADVISER FOR THE PURPOSE OF 
OBTAINING OR RETAINING AN ENGAGEMENT FOR THAT INVESTMENT ADVISER BY THE COVERED 
PARTY TO PROVIDE INVESTMENT ADVISORY SERVICES TO OR ON BEHALF OF THE COVERED 
PARTY. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO SEEKS TO DO BUSINESS WITH AND EARN FEES OR COMMISSIONS 
FROM AFFILIATES OF THE GENERAL PARTNER OF THE FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO COMPANIES, 
AS WELL AS WITH OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS THAT MAY HAVE SIMILAR OR 
DIFFERENT INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AS THE FUND. 
EXAMPLES OF SUCH BUSINESS MAY 
INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION: PROVISION OF FINANCING OR INVESTMENT BANKING SERVICES; 
LENDING OR ARRANGING CREDIT; PROVISION OF PRIME BROKERAGE; AND PLACEMENT 
SERVICES. ACCORDINGLY, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD RECOGNIZE THAT CREDIT SUISSE'S 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
Page ly 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082598 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228782 
EFTA01383012

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383013.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
PARTICIPATION AS PLACEMENT AGENT FOR THE INTERESTS MAY BE INFLUENCED BY ITS 
INTEREST IN SUCH CURRENT OR FUTURE FEES AND COMMISSIONS, INCLUDING DIFFERENTIALS 
IN THE PLACEMENT FEES THAT ARE OFFERED BY OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS FOR 
WHICH CREDIT SUISSE ACTS AS PLACEMENT AGENT. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO BE 
AWARE THAT CERTAIN AFFILIATES OR EMPLOYEES OF CREDIT SUISSE MIGHT INVEST IN THE 
FUND ON THEIR OWN BEHALF AND/OR ON BEHALF OF THEIR CLIENTS. POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSIDER THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS IN MAKING THEIR INVESTMENT DECISIONS. 
BY INVESTING IN THE FUND, EACH RECIPIENT CONSENTS TO THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS AND 
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS ARE NOT MATERIAL TO SUCH RECIPIENT'S 
DECISION TO PROVIDE SUCH CONSENT. 
CREDIT SUISSE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY TAX ADVICE. ANY TAX STATEMENT HEREIN REGARDING 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL TAX IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED. BY 
ANY TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING ANY PENALTIES. ANY SUCH STATEMENT 
HEREIN WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE MARKETING OR PROMOTION OF THE TRANSACTION(S) 
OR MATTER(S) TO WHICH THE STATEMENT RELATES. EACH TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE 
BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX 
ADVISOR. 
NOTICE TO NEW HAMPSHIRE RESIDENTS 
NEITHER THE FACT THAT A REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN APPLICATION FOR A LICENSE HAS 
BEEN FILED UNDER CHAPTER 421-B OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE REVISED STATUTES ANNOTATED 
WITH THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE NOR THE FACT THAT A SECURITY IS EFFECTIVELY 
REGISTERED OR A PERSON IS LICENSED IN THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE CONSTITUTES A 
FINDING BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE THAT ANY DOCUMENT FILED UNDER RSA 421-B IS TRUE. 
COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. NEITHER ANY SUCH FACT NOR THE FACT THAT AN 
EXEMPTION OR EXCEPTION IS AVAILABLE FOR A SECURITY OR A TRANSACTION MEANS THAT 
THE SECRETARY OF STATE HAS PASSED IN ANY WAY UPON THE MERITS OR QUALIFICATIONS 
OF, OR RECOMMENDED OR GIVEN APPROVAL TO, ANY PERSON. SECURITY. OR TRANSACTION. IT 
IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE, OR CAUSE TO BE MADE, TO ANY PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER. 
CUSTOMER, OR CLIENT ANY REPRESENTATION INCONSISTENT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS 
PARAGRAPH.
NOTICE TO FLORIDA PURCHASERS 
PURCHASERS 
OF 
SECURITIES 
THAT 
ARE 
EXEMPTED 
FROM 
REGISTRATION 
BY 
SECTION 517.061(11) OF THE FLORIDA SECURITIES AND INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT HAVE THE 
RIGHT TO VOID THEIR PURCHASE WITHIN THREE (3) DAYS AFTER THE FIRST TENDER OF 
CONSIDERATION UNLESS SALES ARE MADE TO FEWER THAN FIVE (5) PURCHASERS IN FLORIDA. 
*DOLLARS" AND '5' REFER IN ALL CASES TO UNITED STATES DOLLARS. 
MARCH 2018 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page v 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082599 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228783 
EFTA01383013

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383014.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Table of Contents 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Appendices 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering  
101 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
102 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
108 
Appendix 6 Directory 
111 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
112 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082601 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228785 
EFTA01383014

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383015.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Confidential Private Placement Memotandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082603 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228787 
EFTA01383015

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383016.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 1: Executive Sunn•ry 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
• 
SOF Ifie the second secondary fund that was formed in 2011 and held a final close in 2012 with a US$614 million 
pool of commitments. 
• 
S0F 111.6 the third secondary fund that held a single close in late 2014 with a US$1.654 billion pool of commitments. 
On August 1, 2017 all investment professionals and key operations professionals of the SOF Team spun-out and formed 
Glendower Capital to continue the secondary investment strategy developed at Deutsche Asset Management. As part of 
the spin-out, certain arrangements are in place between, inter aria. Deutsche Asset Management and Glendower Capital 
in order to provide operational continuity to the SOF Funds throughout their remaining term. 
Pursuant to these 
arrangements Glendower Capital will continue to provide investment advice and the Managing Partners will provide 
investment management services to Deutsche Asset Management with respect to the SOF Funds and assist Deutsche 
Asset Management with the day-to-day management and realization of the portfolio investments. Deutsche Asset 
Management will have no future role with Glendower Capital, other than in relation to the SOF Funds. 
As further disclosed In Appendix 5 (Important Performance InfomiatIon) any track record or other financial 
information in respect of the SOF Funds relates to the SOF Funds raised prior to the spin-out of Glendower 
Capital from Deutsche Asset Management. Accordingly, when considering the track record and other financial 
information contained herein, each prospective investor should have regard to the fact that other employees of 
Deutsche Asset Management who have not Joined Glendower Capital were involved in the investment 
committees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in respect of the investments made 
by the SOF Funds.,
Investment Highlights 
The Manager believes that its market focus and strategic approach to transaction sourcing and disciplined investment 
process will generate high quality secondary private equity investment opportunities for the Fund 
Benefits of secondary market investing 
■ Capitalize on information asymmetries to re-price existing mature assets. 
■ Mitigate blind pool risk by focusing on mature portfolio assets and valuations. 
• 
Mitigate the J-curve due to a shorter duration of investments and earlier cash distnbutions. 
• 
Complement investors' portfolio construction by accelerating deployment of capital and providing diversified exposure 
across vintage (including older vintage years). strategy. industry and geography. 
Compelling investment opportunity 
■ The secondary market has transitioned from a cyclical distressed play to an institutionalized market where US$58 
billions was transacted in 2017 by a wide range of sellers, including pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, 
endowments and foundations, asset managers, financial institutions and family offices. 
• 
With US$125 billion of near-term capital available for investment (commonly referred to as 'dry powder') available for 
secondaries vs 2017 annual volume of US$58 billion, the supply-demand balance in the secondary market remains 
more favorable at 2.2x than other asset classes such as buyouts (3.7x).9
■ Secondary market pricing has normalized and remains stable at ca. 90% of Fair Market Value CFMV1 since 201010
within the range acceptable to both buyers and sellers leading to record secondary transaction volumes." 
Secondary Oppodunmes Fund IL LP ('SOF In is a cool or capital dedicsed to the secondary market that held cs first closing m 2011 
Secondary Opporlumbes Fund III. LP CSOF If fa a pod or capcal decicated to the secondary market that held es first and Mal closing in 2014 
Past performance is not a precacton of the future perlormance or SOF SOF D SCF II or SOF ill bit ,s included to demonstrate the track record or the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF N van acrreve comparable results or Mat any target resorts will be achieved 
Source Glendower Caput based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends 8 Outlook. January 2018 
Source. Glendower Capital based on 2018 Precan Global Private Eguity 8 Venture CaptS Report. Sam & Company Global Pnvate Ecurty Report 2018 
and Greenhill Secondary Market Trends& Cutiodc January 2018 
Source Greenhll Secondary Market Trends 8 Oulock January 2018 
Source, Glendower cams based on Greenhd Secondary Market Trends 8 Outlook January 2018 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082605 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228789 
EFTA01383016

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383017.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 1: Executive Suewnary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Bespoke liquidity solutions or GP-led Secondary deals, another key target area for the Fund, are an evolving and 
growing segment of the market. Today they represent just under 25%12 of the market and include spin-in/spin-outs, tail-
end funds (i.e., funds raised at least 10 years ago) restructuring, asset liquidations, and LP tenders. 
Distinctive investment strategy 
The Manager intends to replicate the consistent, distinctive investment strategy" pursued by the SOF Team (while at 
Deutsche Asset Management") in each of the SOF Funds. This strategy is built around five main pillars: 
■ A focus on less competitive transactions such as smaller US$5-100 million Fund Secondaries, US$100-250 million 
GP-led Secondaries and larger, more complex deals where the Glendower SOF Team has an angle. As of 
September 30, 2017, the SOF Funds had completed 82 transactions with an average deal size of US$40 million. 
■ Pursuing a selective. true value approach through bottom-up, in-depth fundamental analysis rather than deal 
structuring / leveraging. Positioned as a mid-sized alpha value investor vs larger levered beta players. the SOF 
Team has screened approximately 3.000 potential deals since 2007 valued at around US$400 billion in the aggregate 
and have transacted around 1% of this deal-flow by value. 
• 
Buying margin of safety and mitigating blind pool risk by purchasing mature fund interests at a discount to FMV. The 
SOF Team has historically purchased at an average 20% discount to FMV over 350 fund interests which were around 
80% funded and typically past their investment period at the time of purchase. 16
■ Pursuing an efficient portfolio management approach. The SOF Team has historically (i) not utilized leverage at 
transaction level and horded at portfolio level, (ii) systematically implemented currency hedging to mitigate 50 to 60% 
of market volatility, (Hi) consistently diversified the SOF portfolios across a maximum of 30 to 40 transactions to 
mitigate over 90% of non-market deal risk. 
■ Pursuing a portfolio construction according to a barbell approach adjusted to market cycles. Since inception, the 
SOF Team has completed around 58% of its transactions in Fund Secondaries and 42% in GP-led Secondaries and 
Single Asset Dealsi6 adjusting to focus on the former during market corrections and on the latter during normalized 
market conditions. 
It is expected that the Fund will opportunistically pursue transactions in a broad range of private equity fund investments 
(including funds of kinds. feeder funds and other similar structures), portfolios of direct private equity assets. and co-
investments in individual assets alongside private equity sponsors where the Glendower SOF Team has an angle. More 
specifically: 
■ Informational advantage, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's relationships with over 180 Fund Sponsors" and 
its investments in more than 350 fund interests worldwide.'s 
• 
Relationship with sellers, by working directly with sellers to address their objectives, which often include non-
monetary factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction, and Certainty of execution. 
• 
Opportunity to solve for complexity, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's transactional expertise to structure 
more complex transactions at a smaller size than other larger secondary funds. 
Settee Glendower Capital based on Gmenha Secondary bracket Trends 8 Outlook. January 2018 
Past performanoe is not a prediction of the future perlormance d SOF. SOF D. SOF II or SOF ill buts included to demonstrate the Walk record d the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that S0F N we where comparable results or that any target results will be achieved 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset Management the SOF Team were able to make tree of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that Wit not be avalable to the Glendower SOF Team in connedaon with the management and 
operation of SOF TV 
Source. Glendower Capitals ProPretanir irgarnabcn 
Represents % d aggregate asested captal in the SOF Funds as of September 30. 201T Past poetkao construdon d the SOF Furth e not a 
prediction of the Funds port, olo construction 
Source Glendower Capital's proprietary inlommoon 
Settee CaandOwer casters proprietary irsormaticn 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082606 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228790 
EFTA01383017

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383018.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 1: Executive Summery 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Established track record*. 2° 
As of September 30, 2017 the SOF Program has delivered a strong performance with aggregate gross performance 
since inception of 1.6x gross multiple and 28% IRR (Internal Rate of Return) and 1.5x TVPI (Total Value to Paid-in 
Capital), 0.9x DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital) and 23% Net IRR to investors. More specifically: 
• 
SOF (2006, US$565 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile performance in the 2006 vintage peer 
group. with 2.1x gross multiple and 29% gross IRR and a 1.8x TVPI, 1.8x DPI and 22% Net IRR. 
• 
SOF D (2010, US$147 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile performance with a 3.0x gross multiple 
and 37% gross IRR and a 2.3x TVPI, 2.1x DPI and 29% Net IRR. 
• 
SOF II (2011. US$614 million. in maturing stage) has generated top quartile performance with a 1.7x gross multiple 
and 23% gross IRR and a 1.5x TVPI, 1.2x DPI and a 20% Net IRR. 
• 
SOF III (2014, US$1,654 billion, in early stage — completing investment period) has generated top quartile 
performance with a 1.4x gross multiple and 31% gross IRR and a 1.3x TVPI. 0.3x DPI and 30% Net IRR. 
Experienced, independent team dedicated to secondaries 
• 
Newly established, independent firm wholly owned by its Partners. 
• 
Glendower Capital acts as adviser and sub•delegated manager to the SOF Funds. generating meaningful fee income 
for Glendower Capital 
• Privately owned by its partners who worked together for 15 years$' before spinning-out from Deutsche Asset 
Management in 2017. 
• 
London and New York offices with established operational. integrated, self-contained processes developed by the 
SOF Team over 10 years. 
• 
Seasoned international 23-strong team (16 investment professionals with a 12-year average of relevant experience) 
targeted to grow to 26-28 by mid 2018. 
• 
Extensive database and relationships having invested around US$3 billion in over 350 fund interests in more than 80 
cleats and having screened thousands of funds over 10 years.22
• 
Unique sell-side experience. having participated in the restructuring of Deutsche Bank's 65.1 billion proprietary 
private equity portfolio from 2003 to 2006.21
Disciplined and selective investment process 
• 
Targets attractive risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after all fees. expenses and carried interest) on a 
portfolio-wide basis.24
Source, Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark mambos as of September 30. 2017 This id:emotion reelects a canpenson of the 
peel:mance of the SOF Funds against one benchmark only SOF Funds' performance may differ when compared to Other benchmark data. 
Performance of the SOF Finds is not included m the data set used to calcaate the benchmark data Please refer to Section 2. Exhibit 2 for halter 
information 
The performance haves have not been aced and are based on the unaucIticl aggregated performance results of SOF. SOF 0 and SOF H and SOF 
III. collecOvery the SOF Funds. as of September X. 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance 
intimation which sets lath amongst dher things. mportam information reuniting the performance dthcnbed above 
Further. note that the 
calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net RR in respect d the SOF Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds use of subtended, line faculties 
The SOF Funds use (and SOF N s expelled to use) such realities to manage capes drawdoms as described in 'Cnnyckivins and use of 
subscription line facilibes: in Secbon 7: Risk Factors. The SOF Funds- performance data is not expected to be redeeertative of the investmert 
returns that will be expenerced by investors in the Fund Gross returns are gross ore fees. expenses and carried interest whch are not charged at the 
investment level investors should coma with their own achwers as to the appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information Past 
perthimance of the SOF Funds is not a prediction of their future performance or that ci me Fund 
Carla Pero-Buck Charles Sonnh. Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies have waked together since 2003 Aden, Garr became part of the SOF Team in 
2007 and Joshua Glaser in 2013 
rt 
Source Glendower Captors proprietary information 
The Deutsche Bath proprietary private equly restructunng took dace between X03 and 2006 Charles Smith and Carlo Pritio.Broli played a rote 
alongside ether Deutsche Bank cdleagues in the transactions that contributed to the disposition of Deutsche Bank's proprietary private equity pordobo 
Charle9 Smith and Carlo Pirao.Broli were not invoked in Si such transactions and the efforts described in this Merncrandum in respect of the 
proprietary private &Key restructunng are attributable to the whole Deutsche Bar* learn rather than any individual within it 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve es investment oldectwe or its target return 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082607 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228791 
EFTA01383018

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383019.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Performance 
Secondaries Performance Highlights 
The Glendower SOF Team has delivered strong buyout-like returns27 to investors in the SOF Funds with an attractive 
risk profile. early cash flows. and negligible loss ratio. The performance of the SOF Funds in terms of the key closed-end 
funds metrics such as Net IRR, TVPI, and DPI is strong in absolute terms, compares favorably with its peers and shows 
strong consistency across fund vintages.28
Through September 30. 2017. the SOF Program had invested29 USS3.3 billion in 82 transactions resulting in distributions 
of over USS1.8 billion and had generated a 1.5x Net Multiple and a 23% Net IRR to investors. The mature funds in the 
SOF Program (SOF, SOF D, and SOF II) had generated a 1.7x Net Multiple and over 20% Net IRR. 
Exhibit 1: Performance of SOF Funds as of September 30, 2017" 3I
" 
Fuld 
SOF 
SOFO 
SOF n 
SOF • 
Toted 
Voltage 
20/6 
2010 
2011 
2014 
(devehoevect stage) 
(harvested) 
(hant-Wm) 
(mating) 
fee/ stage) 
Fun] see 
LISS565m 
US:3147m 
LIS3614m 
0651654m 
USS2.980m 
Transactons. funds comperes • 
21/154/1174 
It 28i 193 
29/75/737 
35/149/2.837 
Gossmutt-0e 
21x 
Or 
17x 
14x 
ICs 
Gross IRR 
29% 
37% 
23% 
31% 
28% 
Net mutIpk (WPM 
tag 
2.3: 
1.5x 
1.3)r 
14: 
Not elstributord (OFF) 
ttx 
Lk 
1St 
Lk 
tilx 
NotIRR 
22% 
20% 
20% 
30% 
23% 
Peas net centrested °dotal 
26% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
For diroutnon purposes cnly Source Glendower Capital based on Preqin benchmark data for the median 1VPI and Net RR achevod by buyout 
funds tor vimages et 1997 to 2017 Average buyout TVPI = 159x Average Net RR = 155% Data as of September 30 2017 
Fot further 
benchmariong VI Glendower Canted to tuyoul returns. Pease refer to Went 3 
Pau performance is not a psocicil of Ile future performance of SCF. SOF D SOF II or SOF Ill but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Gkndowee SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV wil achieve cemperatie results or that any target results well be achieved 
'Invested' is dens as the sum et me purchase pnca and iernanong unfunded obligation as of the time of dosed. or tore at expected closav for 
pending deals 
The performance figures have net teen audited and sfould be read and resnewed on coibuncton wet) Apperda 5 Important Pertonnance inlonnaton 
whet, sets forth amongst other dugs important taro:matte regaicIng me performance described above The SCF Funds' performance data is not 
expected to be representente of the investment returns that wit to expenenced by :greeters in the Fund Past performance of the SOF Funds is riot a 
prediction of future performance Both SCF and SOF D are invested in the Dathrio Por11010 - a wool dverghed portfoho cf 28 prwate equity funds 
purchased through en SPV. providing exposure to knout soecoal situations, venture central and real estate strategies on North America. Europe and 
Asa The number of funds and companes is an estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at dosing and may include sane double counting 
TVPI = Taal Value to Paid in Caeca'. DPI = Dstritutons 10 Pad in Capital RR = Internal Rate of Return 
SCF D es a Ebro denominated fund US$ valued have been converted at September 30 2017 EURAJSS rate of 1 1822 
Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the Deltas, P041/01), - awed divers/fed porthole of 28 provide equity funds purchased through an SPV pravidng 
exposure to buyout. spetal srtuations venture captor and real estate straieges in North Amenca. Europe and Aso The number ce funds and 
companies is a best estimate and shows the aggregate el each deal at closing and may include sorne Caere comma 
TVPI = Taal Value to Paid in Capital. DPI = Dseitutons fo Pad in Caplan IRR = Internal Rate ot Return 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082610 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228794 
EFTA01383019

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383020.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383020.pdf
----------------------------------------
OLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 2 each of SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF III is benchinarked against its vintage peer group reported in the 
Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics (September 30, 2017). The SOF Funds present comparatively 
strong Net IRR. DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 2: SOF Funds performance versus Cambridge Associates Secondary Fund Benchmark 
" 
37
Secondary funds: Net IRR to limited partners 
Secondary funds: Net multiple to linked pawners 
¶00 
19* 
• upon Urann 
Low .r3d wilt 
WC 
210. 
• vi..0a,
SOF '1 
IV* 
2* 
A 
/IA 
BC. 
4,
SOF II 
an
t 
i 
l 1st 
211 
• 
It 
11t 
17% 
j 
s
t
t
t. 
• 
3.0% 
• 
• ; 
054 
us 
toe 
I SC. 
DPI • lab 
or 
te 
*C9 
'10 
IS 
a 
it. 
• 
I: 
OS 
/6 
SOF 0 
iVrt 
peat 
I. 
SO; 
:TI: I I, 
DP e 
II 
904 6 
I 3.• 
OH • 0 
env* on 
ruin Pee r sce **CPI 
SCF ha& RYPI 
In Exhibit 3. each of SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against its vintage group of top quartile buyout 
funds reported in the Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. Again, the SOF 
Funds present comparatively strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 3: Buyout•hke returns with a secondary risk profiles 
OPP 
• 
COIF 
it s. 
or 
AX4 AN Alt to no n , r 
Wee 
0. 
• s...s 
Ss 
m.1 
• COED 
•P 
in 
ani 
• 
its] 
• et= 
ne
f• 
La. 
"I 
acs: .X.1.6 
art ;!‘ 
Sane: Cambridge Assocsates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of September 30 2017 SOF Funds are shown benchmarked against their 
War yew peer group SOF and SOF 0 performance is not included in the data se teed to calculate the tenclvnark data Note that the performance 
tomes in reaped ci SW and SOF D have not been audited and abaft be read and reviewed n comma:wrath Agenda 5 impOrtanIParlonnanCe 
fraismatron Past performance of SOF Fulls 6 not
 ci futtre performance. 
lacanation presented n Exhibt 2's based an the unausisa results of SOF, SOF D. SOF II and SOF III as of September 30. 2017 
", Past performance IS net a DfeCktell of the future performance of SOF, SOF D. SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record or the 
Glendower SOF Team There can be no assurance that SOF af win achieve canceratle MEd% co that any target resultswill be acheved 
DPI = DistrOutions to Paid-in Capital. RVOI = Residual Value to Peel- In Capital. TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital 
' 4  
Source' Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. The information reflects a companson ot SOF. SOF D. SOF II a 
SOF III performance against one benchmark only Past performance is riot a predicton ol the Volt performance of SOF. SOF D, SOF II. SCf III or 
any other Glendower finds and there can be no asswance that SOF W will achieve comparatle resifts or that any target results will be achieved. but 
is included to demonstrate the track rocad ci the Glendower SOF Team Internet= presented in this chart is based on the unaudted issues of SOF. 
SOF D. 9CF II and SOF III as of Seaember 30.2017 and should be read and reviewed in 0/npriCtOn and should be read and Ity,Ow03 in conjunction 
with Appendix 5 
Irripatant Pet matte Information which sets forth amongst other throe: important information regarding the performance 
awaited above 
Confidential Prrvate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082611 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228795 
EFTA01383020

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383021.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Scotian 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Lastly, in Exhibit 5 the SOF Program is compared against public market indexes including the MCSI World Index. Russell 
2000 Index and the Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index. In all cases, each of SOF. SOF D, SOF II and SOF 
III compares favorably to public markets. 
Exhibit 5: SOF Program compares favorably to public markets'. 
40% 
35% 
IVA 
22% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
CSOF Or Slcl 
spF II OM 
SOF le OM/ 
•Glerdower Npt MR 
MSC; wane 
Ruse...2 2000 
• Thomson Reuters 
SOF (PTA 
It 
914 
SC, Proven 
MCSI Wad Index and Russell 2000 index returns are based on total return Thomson Reuters Private Equty Buyout Index re:urns ace based on owe 
These benchmark indices do not represent an appropriate benchmark to compare a Glendower irreestoreperlormance bU rather is dsMosed solely to 
allow For canpanson 10 that ol certain well.known and imdely recognized indices Methodology The Long Nickels method has Peon used to calculate 
the PMEs Net cash flows for the SOF Funds are replicated in each index For (*ante. 0) when capes * drawn horn an investor an equvatre, 
amount is nvested in the index on the specific dale. and ($0 when capital is dstributed to an investor. capital rs'wendremn' Irorn the index on the same 
dale A theoretical terminal value is generated based on the growth of the total ndex Net iRIR is calmasted using the cashflows repeated in the tridex 
and the theoretical ternvnal value Recaaabae clistrOLItos have been treated temp the all wi method' 
Confidential Prrvate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082613 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228797 
EFTA01383021

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383022.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund Pt LP 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082614 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228798 
EFTA01383022

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383023.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 3: Summery of Principal Terms 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Summary of Principal Terms 
The following is a summary of the terms and conditions of an investment in the Fund. This summary should be read in 
conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Summary of Terms and Conditions. Risk Factors and 
Conflicts of Interest contained in Section 6. Section 7 and Section 8, respectively, of this Memorandum, the Fund 
Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of Interests, all of which are available upon 
request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment decision. 
Fund Name 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
Investment Strategy 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive, risk adjusted investment returns, principally in 
the form of capital appreciation. through the acquisition of a diverse portfolio of private 
equity assets on the secondary market. 
Target Size 
US$1 75 billion. 
Minimum Commitment 
US$5 million. 
Fund Structure 
English private fund limited partnership. 
Manager 
Glendower Capital. LLP, which is authorized and regulated in the UK by the FCA. The 
Manager will appoint its affiliate. Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, to provide investment 
advice to the Manager in connection with the investment management of the Fund. 
Term 
years from the date of the last closing of the Fund (expected to take place no later than 
months after the First Closing), with up to five one-year extensions. 
Investment Period 
years from the last closing of the Fund. 
Target First Closing 
As soon as practicable. 
General Partner's Share 
The General Partner will receive from the Fund an annual profit share as follows: 
during the Investment Period. 1.25% per annum of aggregate Commitments; 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period. 1.00% per 
annum of Invested Capital; 
(ii) 
for each successive year thereafter, the greater of 90% of the annual profit share 
for the immediately preceding year and 0.25% per annum of aggregate Invested 
Capital. 
Distributions and 
Preferred return: 8%. 
Carried Interest 
Carried interest: 12.5% with a 100% catch-up. 
Clay/back 
Yes. 
Organizational Expenses The Fund will bear up to US$2 5 million 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082615 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228799 
EFTA01383023

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383024.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383024.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
S0F IV is being established by Glendower Capital as the successor Mid to the S0F Funds to pursue the same 
investment strategy as the S0F Funds in the secondary market and will follow processes established by the Glendower 
S0F Team in the S0F Program.42
Investment Strategy 
In line with the focused and disciplined investment strategy that has generated strong returns in the S0F Funds to date.43
the Fund will target the acquisition, holding and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine and distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally. but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, three types of investment: 
1. 
Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in wasting private equity funds: 
2. 
GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than traditional Fund Secondaries, and include 
spin-in/spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset liquidations and LP tenders; and 
3. 
Single Asset Deals into individual private equity comparies, either at the time of the original acquisition, or later 
from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
The Manager will primarily allocate capital between these three strategies depending on its assessment of the relative 
attractiveness of the transactions available at any point in time. During the Investment Period the relative weightings of 
each of the three strategies may vary as the Manager's assessment of their relative attractiveness changes. 
The Fund will focus on smaller Fund Secondaries of USS5 million to US$100 million sourced from a mix of small 
institutions, family offices and private investors coupled with the opportunistic pursuit of larger transactions sourced from 
financial institutions, corporate and alternative funds. This will, in the Managers view, enable the Manager to select the 
most attractive investment opportunities on a global basis. 
The Fund will target GP-led Secondaries of US$100 million to US$250 million, focusing on kinds with attractive assets 
managed by fundamentally sound managers who have 'hit a bump in the road,' or have investors who have lost patience 
or changed strategy and are therefore looking for liquidity. The Manager believes it will be one of few Managers who 
have the capabilities to execute such transactions at this size range - most Managers target larger transactions to justify 
the higher level of resources necessary to execute GP-led Secondaries. 
The Fund will opportunistically invest into Single Asset Deals where the Manager believes it has identified a situation 
where its capital can add value to the transaction or help unlock a situation. 
In addition to the three strategies described above. the Fund will have the ability to allocate up to 15% of aggregate 
commitments to select primary fund investments and other opportunities to invest in funds where less than 50% of 
aggregate capital commitments of the relevant fund have been drawn down. 
The Fund will target attractive, risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after fees, expenses and carried interest) 
on a portfolio basis." 
Fircesecens investors should note that while eit Deutsche Asset Management. the SOF Teem win able to mike use of otreform personnel and 
mouton in connection with the SOF Program that win not be available to the Glendowei SOF learn in connection with the maregement and 
operation ea SOF IV 
Past performance of the SCE Finds is not a preoction or future performance d either the SOF Funds or the Fund Actual returns co unrealized 
imestmems may drtlet mace ally from returns indicated here. 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve es armament objective or its target return 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082617 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228801 
EFTA01383024

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383025.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383025.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Manager believes it will be able to source less intermediated deal flow and work directly with sellers to address their 
objectives. which often include non-monetary factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction and certainty of 
execution. 
Differentiated Sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team maintains an extensive network of relationships and referral sources amongst fund investors. 
fund sponsors, managers, portfolio companies, intermediaries/placement agents. investment banks and other 
counterparties in the financial industry which they can leverage to source proprietary, less intermediated, deal flow. 
The Manager believes that its global sourcing approach is critical to achieving attractive risk-adjusted returns for the 
Fund by allocating capital to what the Manager considers to be the best investment opportunities on a global basis. 
Since inception, the SOF Program has benefitted from a diversified pool of sellers as well as assets. More specifically: 
■ The secondary investments represented in the SOF Funds are comprised of assets located in (by fair market value) 
North America 47%, Europe 47%. Asia and Pacific 3% and the rest of the world 4%.45
• 
Sellers of the assets purchased by the SOF Funds were located in (by value) North America 43%, Western Europe 
55% and the rest of the world 3%.0
The Manager expects to leverage non-monetary factors. such as confidentiality, trust, speed and certainty of execution. 
In Glendower's experience, these factors become particularly relevant to sellers in distressed financial conditions or who 
are keen to mitigate execution risk in rapidly changing markets. In sourcing transactions for the Fund, the Manager 
expects the Glendower SOF Team to focus on sellers who ascribe value to non-monetary factors that the Fund may be 
in a position to offer. 
Exhibit 6: Established and disciplined sourcing and deal selection process. A wide funnel and a narrow filter:" 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed OWN 15 years 
• GPs. LPs. Mnsory Board marten 
• Close print. benkng retabOnShsaS DB 
VfirtwIth Management, Raymond James, 
Max Brown 
Law firms, swamp agents, banks 
Preachy top-down approach 
• Engage directly cum potentet steer 
unlyerse Leaks insurance convenes 
Pensonfunds 
• On-tne-sneir prong forcbsely monitored 
tibrary of >100funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Setetantelfolkiwon deal tow 
subsequent to Cyst transaction 
—3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, faro US$400bn 
eVtLIPt 
st.,t] Lx9.' expe 
• 
COO tar:POSPWri. OKr :0 yss 
..SCIU,
:osigettl 1,  SS' Ia' IPS:21 citSPSY 
• aeir4Vw. , a u>-Y.0, Os PE r/Parttte:'J untr:•J 
VI:0•5 
Rams 
Satyrs 
Transacted II)bralis: won 
c.100 barna:born 
Some. Glendower Capital orcpnetary information Data as ci September 33. 2017. 
Source. Glendower Capital proprietary information Data as of September 30. 2017. 
Source Glendower Capital proprietary ir4ormaton Data ascii March 19, 2018. 
Dif opined dinal.I.N.dall inferwrItIn0 r%loupe 
talk:sted r.earrne45CF LPs 
• 'Pet44 frvOrkirta. t\•Qrnµ4) VPRWt. 
Linour CIP-r9stry-hrwr;ard son. off onenerc4,
• 
4% ,s' 
nt "irt 
,Vr t•P "VT 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228802 
DB-SDNY-0082618 
EFTA01383025

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383026.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors 
The Manager believes that secondary investments can form an important element of a diversified private equity portfolio: 
• 
Secondaries complement investment portfolio construction: a secondary investment program can be designed to 
complement a primary investment program by filling the gaps in an investors investment portfolio and providing 
exposure to older vintages or different strategies or geographies. 
• 
Secondaries provide the opportunity to pursue an attractive risk-reward profile. 
Exhibit 7: Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors1B 
000 
1,a00 
Pricing 
ILO tullty 
Re-plCe touSteS2 ?undid aSSOIS 
- Capitalise on pnong inefficiencies 
Nitwit. Blind 
Pool Risk 
Mitigate 
..t-Curott 
COltspieMent 
Portfolio 
Construction 
Knowledge oe existing unaertying companies 
Mature assets typically yield MCA predicted., cash 
Com 
- Shorter duraton of invastrnents 
- 
Earlier cash ChStnbutiOnS 
Accelerate deployment of capital 
Prosedes back-seasoned thersrfirml exposure 
across voter strategy industry and 0eCchadly 
1.200 4 
t' 
ID 
viva 
.. ... ... ... - 
- 
Ceassallsawreesgensheles 
Ces-beeei 
•••••••Cunxist-/e...t, 
More specifically, the Manager believes that secondary investments offer the potential for an attractive risk-reward profile 
due to: 
• 
Pricing flexibility: capacity to re-price existing assets to reflect current performance and economic environment and to 
opportunistically target price inefficiencies resulting from market dislocation and supply-demand imbalances in the 
private equity market. 
• 
Mitigation of blind pool risk: a secondary manager is typically able to analyze existing assets and will therefore have 
greater visibility on cash-flows. 
• 
Mitigation of J-curve effect: typically secondary investments are drawn down more quickly and return capital more 
quickly than primary funds and therefore suffer less from the J-curve effect. 
Secondary Market Investment Opportunity 
Introduction 
Fundamentally, private equity assets — when held through funds, funds of funds, feeder funds or other similar holding 
structures - are illiquid investments with long holding periods (typically 10 to 12 years for fund interests) during which 
time investors have no, or limited, rights to liquidity and investors receive limited information about the performance of 
the underlying portfolio companies. M investor in such a structure that requires liquidity prior to the sale of the 
underlying assets by the fund has limited alternatives to selling the interest on the secondary market. 
A range of dynamics in the private equity industry, such as an evolving regulatory environment, ongoing limited partner 
portfolio management becoming standard and a rising number of GP-led Secondaries, can create attractive opportunities 
to purchase private equity assets on a secondary basis. 
TM inkmahat is foe 0100taahal WO0S,* The graph ta ea example fee riustrawe purposes and the actual cash flew profile of any gwen invesbnent 
may vary sutstantally 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082619 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228803 
EFTA01383026

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383027.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383027.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
the NAV represents US$1.8 trillion and unfunded amounts to US$1.0 trillion. The growth of the primary private equity 
market together with an increased propensity to trade will be the two key drivers of the continued growth of the 
secondary market as a derivative of the primary market. 
Exhibit 9: Total PE assets have risen to USS2.8 trillion53 
Exhibit 10: Annual Secondary volumes now 1-2% of total 
PEsO 
Leith 
).060 
2.500 
503 
=mull.
-
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
• Wroarised 0011.616 vat,. 
Orypow6e/ 
2% - 
0% - 
II% • 
16% • 
14% 
12% - 
10% 
0e% 
06% 
04% - 
02% 
. 
3)07 206 2039 3)10 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
—As% et tea PE 861461 
Secondary market pricing — stable and driven by rational participants 
Pricing in the Secondary market is a key factor that sellers consider when evaluating a decision to potentially transact. In 
2017, the average headline high bid across all strategies remained strong at 93% of NAV.55 While pricing increased 
slightly from the prior year, a closer review of pricing data revealed that younger funds with available dry powder received 
stronger pricing. Tail-end funds typically have few remaining unrealized assets with little projected uplift in value. This 
results in wider discounts than kinds of more recent vintages whose assets still have potential for growth. 
While overall buyout funds traded at 99% of NAV in 2017 (skewed positively by high demand for more recent vintage 
funds), other funds. and one-off transactions (i.e., smaller portfolio deals without structure) traded at significantly larger 
discounts. There is an even greater price gap for perceived -out-of-favor funds and lower-quality managers. It is 
Glendower's opinion that staying focused on bottom-up fund and asset selection, often resulting in acquiring one or only 
a few funds from a given seller. may result in the ability to generate stronger performance than larger portfolio purchases. 
The Manager believes that buying a large diversified portfolio in an auction, with the use of significant leverage and/or 
transaction structuring, is effectively purchasing a levered private equity index with diminished ability to generate alpha. 
It is important to note that while the Greenhill data of headline pricing captures bids received by sellers, it does not 
necessarily mean that most funds trade in the 90% range of NAV. The aggregate pricing data masks the broadening 
spread of discounts paid in the underlying deals which can be skewed by a number of factors, including large portfolio 
trades that often achieve strong pricing. 
It is also worthwhile to note that the pricing data is as of the Record Date,56 and does not factor in transaction structuring. 
2018 Prean Global Private Equity a Venture Capital Reoon 
Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity 8 Venture Capital Report. Greenhill Secondary Market Trends It °Week. January 
2018, and Cow Jones Private Equity Analyst Gude to the Secondary Markel. June 2011 
Greenns Secondary Market Trends 8 Oared( January 2018 
Private equity Iunds typically report intormation to The HT/esters include° the net asset value of their investment. on a quarterly basis Secondary 
market uansaacns are typically arced wen reference to the net asset value al an LP interest es 044354w:ft reporting date. the 'Record Dew 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082621 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228805 
EFTA01383027

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383028.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
cash flows between signing and closing and mark-to•market pricing - which taken together often result in higher effective 
discounts at closing for buyers. 
Exhibit 11: Secondary Market Pricing (2005 - 2017)" 
- 
011144404114044. s .2001 in4,4137 
nnaJn re; 14. aye *WW1 COWS% 
awe WW1/4c ol Pc matt 
Prides %drew 
110 
leo 
se 
re 
194 
104 
sea xaMacl. saxisa In$ 40,40 
14441". ‘44444ec 1.4 it.w4as 
Pence 1.444 lo 4,4441441bmon:4; 4.44 
; w4a/, 
41.9%1 
..nruul.Nua. USX" 
pr 
X 
20CS 
2006 
160Y 
1COa 
lash 
2010 
21/11 
2012 
Mt) 
20U 
201S 
20$6 
2017 
SsccaLh ruck* wham 
ism...4007040ry Make Fri:100 
Secondary market pricing has rebounded from the high discounts and low volumes of 2009 to remain stable at around 
10% discount to NAV from 2014 to date. The Manager believes that the secondary market transacts in a healthy manner 
when headline pricing to the seller is in the 10% to 20% discount to reference date NAV range. For example, in 2009 
secondary volumes were wry low because the high discount (to already low net asset values) being demanded by 
buyers did not match seller expectations, even those sellers in a certain amount of distress. From 2010 to today, 
secondary market pricing has recovered to within a transactable range, resulting in a more robust market. 
Glend1M07 C0071618nalYers and estimates based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends 8 Outlook January 2018. Cogent Partners Sewn:WY Market 
Trends 8 Outlook. July 2014, Cogent Partners Secondary Market update. March 2009. and Dow Jones Povate Equity Analyst Gude to the Secondary 
Market, June 2017 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082622 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228806 
EFTA01383028

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383029.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383029.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Exhibit 14: 2017: Seller composition breakdowno 
Exhibit 15: Funds marketed by vintage
100% - 
2016 
>2008 P041-406.4 
General 
Entkmmems 
Fo.oclallan 
80% 
39% 
Pones 
24% 
Fray 064.4, 
aim 
/30% 
93% 
21:06.06 Oncost; 
40% 
43% 
Franoal 
insteutiena 
12% 
20% 
Assollftneger Cci 
11% 
•2006 
0%  
2016 
2017 
Emergence of tail-end sales 
There has been a recent emergence of traditional secondary buyers and funds-of-funds entering the market as sellers. 
While these seller types may be emerging, motivations for doing so are not new and are consistent with the broader 
asset management sub-segment, where sellers are looking to wind down older vehicles to either lock in gains, return 
capital to LPs. or both. Glendower estimates that here is a significant supply of secondary opportunities in pre-crisis 
bubble funds as evidenced by ca. USS600 billion of private equity assets still locked in 2003.2008 vintage funds. 
Exhibit 16: PE Assets by Fund Vintage Yearo 
USSan 
250 
200 
226 
201 
188 
193 
150 
137 
149 
144
129 
100 
S 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
iiimrtmairoain 
" 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outer( January 2016 
2017 Preps Global Pena* Equity 8 Venture Centel Report - Private Reidy and Venture Coda] Unrealized Value by Fund Vintage Year as of 
June 2016. 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082624 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228808 
EFTA01383029

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383030.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383030.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Sect en 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Growth and prominence of GP-led Secondaries 
The volume of GP-led Secondaries in 2017 was US$14 billion, representing approximately 24% of total Secondary 
market deal volumes.63 These transactions included recaps and restructurings. tender offers, direct secondaries and 
spin-outs. Historically, transactions involving buyout funds have dominated the landscape (70% of all GP-led 
Secondaries volume in 201664); however, there was significant growth in the real assets space with infrastructure funds 
representing 15%, followed by real estate, energy and venture. 
Exhibit 17: GP-led Secondaries Transaction Volume (2006 — 2017)" 
USSbn 
% of Secondary 
market deal valume 
30% 
14.0 
25% 
18% 
CAGR 
20% 
15% 
10% 
2.4 
1.9 
Ili 
1
5% 
0.6 
0% 
2C06 
2007 
2038 
2C09 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
GP.led sezondares 
—GP•led secondaries as % of Iota 
A number of factors are driving the trend for the general partners of underlying funds to organize liquidity solutions on 
behalf of their investors: 
• 
The global financial crisis left many GPs delaying exits by several years resulting in a build-up of inventory of assets 
for sale. Today, there is US$0.6 trillion of unrealized private equity assets locked in vintages 2008 and earlier. 
• 
LPs are taking a more proactive approach to rebalancing their portfolios, which have included growing demands for 
the liquidity that GPs have long promised. 
■ A greater and growing ntrnber of high-quality managers are now utilizing the Secondary market to solve unique 
issues among their funds (i.e., end of fund life planning, additional capital to support existing portfolio companies, 
release of capital for latest offering etc.). 
■ Continued evolution and refinement of transaction structures. 
Glendower believes that this reality has led to an influx of GP-led liquidity offerings and restructurings Once mere 
Greenrel Cogent Secondary Market Trends 8 Oalook January 2018. 
Greenlet Cogent Secondary Market Trends 8 Gueok January 2017. 
Glendower Capital based on Greenlel Secondary "tenseness's& Outkok January 2018 and Esercore H1 2017 Secondary Market Survey Restate 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082625 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228809 
EFTA01383030

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383031.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383031.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
curiosities. Glendower observes that GP-led Secondaries have quickly grown to be an important aspect of the market. 
one that Glendower expects to continue to actively drive volumes in the future. Glendower believes that it is only a matter 
of time before large brand name GPs utilize the Secondary market to achieve liquidity solutions for their older funds. 
While there has been a large influx of GP-led opportunities. Glendower has not observed that this automatically 
translates to closed deals. In fact, various market intermediaries have noted increased instances of failed transactions. 
GP-led Secondaries are inherently complex with many stakeholders involved. Glendower continues to believe the 
common themes among successful GP-led Secondaries include early and open communication with existing LPs, quality 
assets that are fairly valued, well-aligned managers and the creation of a set of options for existing investors that are 
more attractive than the status quo. 
The increased transaction risk and structuring sophistication that characterize GP-led Secondaries require more 
advanced secondary transactional expertise, larger teams and mid-to-large fund sizes to underwrite deals that are more 
concentrated than traditional LP portfolios. Glendower has taken a cautious, value-oriented approach to GP-led 
Secondaries and focuses on opportunities where there is strong alignment with the manager, diversified portfolio, 
attractive cash flow positive assets, near-term liquidity and a compelling rationale for the GP to seek a comprehensive 
liquidity solution for existing LPs. It is important to focus on deals that have the right dynamics to lead to a successful 
outcome for all involved parties. 
Exhibit 18: Glendower expects an increasing prevalence of GP-fed Secondaries with 'Top Quartile' GPs6° 
Diverse 
poets 
of brand 
names 
Bottom 
Quartile 
Less known GPs 
looking for a 
bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
Zombies looking for 
saurian*, make 
(mike./ targets 
GlerockmerCaortal mancet Intern:tem* 
RC. Partner> DIAMOND CASTLE 
One Equity Partners 
immge 
\\, (nti GitlYCt. 
:`":U HI . f,?t 'l l v 
QUADISCA WIG, / 
DUKE 
ST WEE F 
A ARCO HEAL ESTATE 
ZOMBIE GPs 
GMT 
QT 
• 
Zurmont Madison 
. . 
Confidential Prntate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082626 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228810 
EFTA01383031

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383032.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
The Competitive Environment 
The secondary market is made up of a range of funds targeting secondary opportunities varying in size from under 
US$100 million up to the largest, at US$10.8 billion, that closed in 2016.67 Secondaries funds are further differentiated 
by their geographic focus and increasingly by their sourcing and investment strategy. 
The Fund will be positioned in the mid-sized segment of the market, which the Manager estimates currently comprises 
secondaries funds between USS1 billion and US$3 billion in size. The Manager believes this is a particularly attractive 
segment of the market because funds in this size bracket are able to build diversified portfolios while also being 
extremely selective over which transactions to pursue. 
In contrast, funds below USS1 billion are forced to compete in the very competitive market for small fund interests. and 
are often focused on particular geographies or strategies, reducing such a fund's ability to mitigate risk through 
diversification. Conversely, funds with sizes of greater than USS3 billion inevitably build extremely diversified portfolios 
which act as private equity indices and therefore have difficulty in generating out performance. 
Exhibit 19: Glendower Competitive Landscape: Well Positioned to Pursue its Strategy's 
hunt Si. 
NSW) 
Wend bolo ploy 
Monona< 
L 
Meant; 
• Gebel sourang 
• lelL•ne-cirmn 
M 
- Mona Dia/ 
• 
1.0•141.0,041ng 
• Camel sourarl 
• Sefecb• sc,•ong 
. 
anal BMWS 
S 
• LOON sP•ong 
. 
%%Iv ceinpaThe 
Sourcing strategies 
SOX 
OW 
'Co 
1001 
tin. 
It% 
An
(-) 
. , ,,,xo 
Frzi 
b 
O 
62,8 6  
O Pi o 
O 
c
- S. 
BeeOgvuor 
SOF FI 
0
00 
2° 
Dig 
i°0 
s • g 
e s
°
.  
• 
X0:1 
2002 
:ea 
:NO 
2003 
2010 
2012 
2014 
2:1141 
3310 
Fu-<V/Rpm 
0•41b. 
II•33n 
• >S3en 
• Can0.44er Cal 
-10 players 
-10 players 
>S0 Players 
Many of the larger funds source investments through auctions designed to sell large portfolios where the seller is looking 
to significantly reduce its private equity exposure. These sellers have historically included financial institutions that are 
compelled to sell by incoming regulations, and pension plans looking to actively manage their private equity portfolios. 
Financial institutions have now largely finished selling their portfolios, but pension plans remain large investors in private 
equity and will continue to sell periodically to manage their exposure. 
Following the sale of these large portfolios, the mix of sellers has changed towards alternative asset managers, family 
offices and endowments and foundations. The Manager expects the Fund to be ideally positioned to selectively acquire 
some of the remaining assets and positions held by these potential sellers. These transactions tend to be more 
complicated to execute or less conventional in asset type (real estate, infrastructure. mezzanine and special situations). 
The Manager's expertise in structuring relatively complex transactions, together with its target deal size of under USS100 
Source Glendower Capital market intageme 
't Source Preen database and Glendower Capital's own analysts 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082627 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228811 
EFTA01383032

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383033.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Ongoing deal management will usually rest with the Glendower SOF Team members who completed the investment.
The Manager recognizes that relationship building is important and therefore believes in continuity of representation, but 
may change representation in certain circumstances, including if the investment under-performs as against its business 
plan 
During the life of the investment, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will. 
• 
Attend annual partnership meetings for underlying funds, participate in conference calls with Fund Sponsors and 
otherwise liaise with them. 
• 
Review financial information to assess whether there are constraints on the capacity of the investee business or 
management to perform to the business plan. 
■ Monitor both industry and general market developments to assess whether there is any impact on each investee 
company. 
■ Form a view as to what actions, steps or remedial processes are necessary and work out how to influence key 
decision makers at the relevant underlying fund to take the necessary actions, steps or remedial processes. 
• 
Prepare valuations and reviews for the Fund's quarterly valuation meeting and investor report.
• 
Regular monitoring of the Fund's investments: 
- 
weekly transaction review meetings — the Glendower SOF Team will monitor the Fund's portfolio. review 
significant developments in respect of its investments, monitor cash activity of the underlying funds (i.e., 
distributions and capital calls) and assess opportunities to potentially add value to an investment or exit an 
investment 
— 
quarterly reviews — on a quarterly basis and in advance of the quarterly valuation meeting, the Glendower SOF 
Team will review the Fund's portfolio and discuss developments in the portfolio and valuation changes and 
agree valuations for the quarterly valuation meeting. 
■ Review of foreign exchange hedging requirements. 
Investment realization 
In general, the Fund will realize its investment in an underlying fund as investments of the underlying fund are realized. 
However, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will review the marketplace on an ongoing basis to seek 
to identify pricing anomalies and opportunities to realize Fund investments in the secondary market. 
The Manager intends that any proposal to dispose of a Fund Secondary, a GP-led Secondary or a Single Asset Deal will 
go through the due diligence, recommendation and approval stages as set forth above in respect of investment 
acquisitions. In particular, on successful completion of the due diligence process and negotiation of key terms, a 
divestment memorandum will be prepared by the Glendower SOF Team and presented to the Investment Committee for 
approval. 
The Investment Committee's role will include deciding, on the basis of information and advice arising from the divestment 
evaluation process and the due diligence process. whether the Fund should proceed with the proposed divestment. 
" The extent 4:4 the Geendower SOF Teem's hwacbco van Fund Sestinas including by attending partnership meetings sell depend on the particular 
Fund Sponsor and the txxlerlyng fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082630 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228814 
EFTA01383033

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383034.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082631 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228815 
EFTA01383034

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383035.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082632 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228816 
EFTA01383035

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383036.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 5 Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Fund Management 
Glendower Capital 
Glendower Capital is an independent investment firm, privately owned by its partners and focused on secondary private 
markets formed by the secondary opportunities team that spun-out from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 
2017. The senior team led by Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith has worked together for 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
in its asset management division. The secondaries business, co-founded by Carlo and Charles in 2006. has raised and 
invested four vehicles (SOF. SOF D, SOF II, and SOF III) with US$3 bilkon of commitments in total. 
Glendower Capital has two office locations in London and New York. with a 23-strong team expected to grow to 26.28 by 
the first half of 2018. The 16 investment professionals have an average of 12 years of relevant experience. 
Glendower Capital operates according to the same sourcing, underwriting, portfolio management and fund administration 
processes that the SOF Team developed in a self-contained and integrated manner when it was established in 2006.T1
Glendower Capital leverages an extensive database and network of relationships developed over 15 years in the 
secondary market with investments in over 350 fund interests globally. 
Management of the Fund 
The General Partner of the Fund will be indirectly owned by the partners of Glendower Capital and its board of directors 
will be comprised of entirely independent directors. Bnef biographies of the proposed directors of the General Partner 
are set out in Appendix 7: Board of Directors of the General Partner. 
SOF IV will be managed and operated by Glendower Capital from within the UK. Glendower Capital is authorized as an 
AIFM by the FCA and will act as the AIFM to SOF IV and assume responsibility as such. 
Investment Team 
The Glendower SOF Team is comprised of 16 investment professionals dedicated to originating, valuing and managing 
secondary investments. Five of the team members, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Chi Cheung, Adam Graev and 
Francesco Rigamonk,72 have worked together since 2007 and together with Emilio Olmos, the Principal (Rikesh 
Mohandoss) and the five Vice Presidents can all act in a lead capacity on investments. 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee (the "investment Committee") will be established in respect of the Fund to evaluate and 
approve investments for the Fund. 
The Investment Committee, in addition to other matters. will (i) evaluate the 
investment universe for the Fund, (ii) review detailed analysis of target investments, (iii) formulate strategies to acquire, 
divest or manage portfolio investments. and (iv) advise on the investment strategy of the Fund. The members of the 
Investment Committee will be Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Adam Graev, Chi Cheung and Emilio Olmos, provided 
that Glendower Capital can change the composition and voting process of the Investment Committee at any time at its 
discretion. The quorum for the Investment Committee will be three, with decisions being made on a unanimous basis. 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset Management the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
rmouroes in connection with the SOF Program that wit not be awelable to the Glendower SCF Team in connoacn with the management and 
operation of SOF IV 
Francesco Rmamorti ma act m a senior tomer to Glendower Capes ands not a partner officer or employee of Glendower Capital 
Confidential Prorate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082633 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228817 
EFTA01383036

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383037.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 5: Fund Managemerd 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
finance) and investor relations for the secondary private equity business. Previously, she was at KPMG in South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of KwaZulu-Natal. South Africa. She is a Chartered Accountant (CA, SA). 
Joshua Glaser (43), Partner. Based in New York. Joshua is responsible for leading the firm's client coverage and 
fundraising. Prior to Glendower, Joshua was a Managing Director at Deustche Asset Management where he served as 
Co-Head of Investment Specialists. Alternatives (Americas). responsible for managing the fundraising of alternative 
investment products. Before then, Joshua led fundraising and investor relations for Paul Capital. serving as Director of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, Joshua was a Director with Forum Capital, a boutique private equity placement 
group. Joshua began his career as a financial analyst in investment banking at CIBC Oppenheimer, and its predecessor. 
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
Francesco Rigamontl (46), Senior Advisor. Based in Milan. Francesco works with Glendower Capital on specific 
secondary and co
-investment opportunities. Francesco spent 17 years at Deutsche Bank where he was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006, and most recently, he was responsible for co-investments. Francesco joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2000 with responsibility for corporate development in Italy and participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's E6billion private equity portfolio. Previously he worked at Gallo & Co., an Italian merchant bank, 
where he focused on restructurings. Francesco holds an MBA from the University of Chicago Booth &Awl of Business 
and an MA in Business and Economics from the Catholic University of Milan, Italy. 
The senior team is supported by a team of associate to principal level professionals who are responsible for the analysis 
of transaction opportunities, supporting the senior professionals in the origination and execution of transactions and 
supporting the investment team in client relations. finance and operations. 
Rikesh Mohandoss (36), Principal. Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower. Rikesh spent eight years at Deutsche Bank and most 
recently spent the past five years originating, valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments in North America 
for the SOF Business. Rikesh joined Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 20O7, Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in Credit Risk Management at 
Bank of America and staged his career in 2003 as an analyst at Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie 
Mac) in 2003. Rikesh holds a BBA from The George Washington University and a MBA from Columbia Business School. 
Katherine Weaver (39), Principal, Funds CFO. Based in New York. Katie is the Chief Financial Officer for Fund 
Finance. Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at Deutsche Bank in the SOF fund finance team, first as financial 
controller and then as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at Brookfield Office 
Properties and a financial accountant at Trizec Properties. 
She began her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting from the University of Wisconsin, Madison. 
Victoria Loldi (32), Vice President. Based in London. Victoria is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Victoria spent five years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. From 2009 to 2012, 
Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC where she worked within the Investment Banking Division. advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Victoria graduated from the London School of Economics 
with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Devrup Banerjee (30), Vice President. Based in London. Devrup is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Devrup spent five years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. From 2008 to 2012. Devrup worked at 
Goldman Sachs as part of the Natural Resources team within the Investment Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford with an MA 
in Economics and Management in 2008. 
Aldrich Chan (31), Vice President. Based in New York. Aldrich is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Aldrich spent four years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. He began his career at 
UBS Investment Bank's Global Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking group. Aldrich received his BS in Finance, 
summa cum laude. from New York University's Stern School of Business. He is currently an MBA candidate at the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082635 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228819 
EFTA01383037

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383038.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. 
Philippe Femeini (34), Vice President. Based in London. Philippe is responsible for the origination, valuation, 
execution and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Philippe spent four years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing. executing and monitoring secondary investments for the S0F Business. He 
worked for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment banking Associate in the Global Industrials Group and for two years 
at Booz & Company as a Senior Consultant in the Financial Services Practice. Philippe holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School of Business and a Master of Engineering (Diplome dingenieur) from Telecom 
ParisTech. 
Elena Smimova (31), Vice President. Based in London. Elena is responsible for the origination. valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Elena spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the S0F Business. From 2012 to 2015 Elena 
worked in HSBC's Financial Institutions Advisory unit, where she focused on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first pined HSBC in 2010 in their Global Banking and Markets business. Elena graduated from the 
Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration with a first class degree in Business 
Administration and Management in 2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and Finance from the European Business 
School in London. 
Louise Schoeman (36), Vice President - Finance. Based in London. Louise is responsible for the set up and 
operations of the finance platform for the management company structure and in the set up and ongoing requirements 
for the compliance and risk management functions for the platform. Prior to Glendower Capital, Louise was Finance 
Director for London's Air Ambulance. a registered charity. Louise worked with the S0F team previously from 2011 to 
2013 as a business manager, having started her career as an accountant at Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. Louise graduated from the University of Pretoria with a BCom (Mons) in Accounting Sciences in 2003. 
and qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 2007. 
Jonathan Roome (25), Associate. Based in London, Jonathan supports the transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Jonathan spent two years at Deutsche Asset Management supporting the transaction team in valuing, executing and 
monitoring secondary investments for the S0F Business. Jonathan graduated from the London School of Economics 
and Political Sciences with a Bachelor of Science in Economics in 2015, having achieved first class honors. 
Douglas O'Connell (24), Associate. Based in New York, Doug supports the transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. 
Doug worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The Carlyle Group, and spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management supporting the hedge fund secondary transaction team in valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a Bachelor of Science in 
Finance, having achieved University Honors. 
Rafael Enrlquez-Hesles (24), Associate. Based in New York, Rafael supports the transaction team across all 
secondary investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower 
Capital, Rafael spent three years at Wel in the Diversified Industrials Investment Banking Group working on mergers & 
acquisitions and capital market transactions globally. Rafael graduated from Bucknell University with a Bachelor of 
Science in Civil Engineering and a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Sheldon Lee (26), Analyst. Based in London, Sheldon supports the transaction team across all secondary investment 
related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent two years at 
Citibank in Corporate and Investment Banking. Sheklon holds a MSc in Industrial Management from KTH Institute of 
Technology, and holds a BSc in Industrial Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure des Mines de Nancy. 
In addition to the existing team it is expected that the following team members will be recruited over the corning six 
months: Investment Team Associate. London; Tax Vice President, New York; and a Fund Controller Associate. New 
York. 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082636 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228820 
EFTA01383038

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383039.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082637 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228821 
EFTA01383039

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383040.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 6: Summery of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Summary of Terms and Conditions 
The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Fund. This summary is qualified in its entirely by reference to 
the Fund Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of Interests, both of which are 
available upon request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment decision. The offer made hereby 
is subject to modification, prior sale and withdrawal. 
To the extent that there is any inconsistency between this 
Memorandum and the Fund Documents, the provisions of the Fund Documents will prevail. 
The Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP, an English private fund limited 
partnership. 
Investment Objective 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive risk adjusted investment returns, principally in the 
form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, refinancing and 
disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout. growth capital, venture 
capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The Fund will target globally, but primarily in 
the U.S. and Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established generalist and specialist 
private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder funds and other similar 
structures) primarily on the secondary market (each such fund or structure, a 'Fund 
Secondary), (ii) the acquisition of investment interests in private equity fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(each such investment interest, a "GP-led Secondary). and (iii) co-investments in individual 
portfolio companies alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such co-investment, a 
'Single Asset Dean. Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset Deals may 
be made in vehicles established in any jurisdiction. The Manager expects that the majority of 
the Fund's portfolio investments, by committed capital, will be held for at least four years. 
The General Partner 
The Manager 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. will serve as a general partner of the Fund (the 
"General Partner). The General Partner, on behalf of the Fund, will appoint the Manager to 
manage the Fund's investment strategy, as described below. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LIP, an English limited liability partnership (the 
'Second GP"), will also serve as a general partner of the Fund but, in accordance with the 
Fund Documents, will have no authority to manage, operate or administer the business or 
affairs of the Fund other than as may be required by law. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership (the 'Manager) is authorized 
and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority (including under the EU 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the 'AIFMCip and its implementing 
legislation in the UK) will provide portfolio management, risk management and administrative 
services to the Fund, including investigating, analyzing, structuring and negotiating potential 
investments, monitoring the performance of portfolio investments and advising the Fund as to 
disposition opportunities. The Manager will make all investment and disposition decisions. 
The Manager will be the Fund's "AlFM- (as defined in the AIFMD) and will assume 
responsibility as such. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Manager, to the exclusion of the General 
Partner and the Second GP. will take all actions in respect of the Fund that constitute 
regulated activities for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
The General Partner will be responsible for the Manager's fees which it will satisfy from the 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082638 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228822 
EFTA01383040

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383041.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 6: Summery of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
General Partner's Share. 
The Adviser 
Commitments 
Minimum Commitment 
Glendower Capital 
Investment 
Closings 
Subsequent Closing 
Partners 
0rawdowns 
The Manager will appoint its affiliate. Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC ('Glendower U.S.). to 
provide investment advice to the Manager in connection with the investment management of 
the Fund. 
The Manager will be responsible for Glendower U.S.'s fees pursuant to a sub-advisory 
agreement. 
The Fund is seeking aggregate commitments to the Fund ('Commitments") of 
US$1.75 billion. although the General Partner may accept aggregate Commitments less than. 
or in excess of. this amount, provided that aggregate Commitments do not exceed 
US$2.5 billion (not including the Team Investment (as defined below)). 
In order to subscribe for an Interest. a prospective Limited Partner must execute a deed of 
adherence and provide documentation to the General Partner in order to satisfy its `customer 
due diligence' obligations. The General Partner may accept or reject a subscription for an 
Interest. 
The minimum Commitment for a limited partner of the Fund (collectively, the 'Limited 
Partners" and, together with the General Partner and the Second GP. the 'Partners") is 
USS5 million, although the General Partner may accept Commitments of lesser amounts. 
Each Limited Partner will make a capital contribution to the Fund equal to 0.01% of its 
Commitment. The remaining 99.99% of its Commitment may be drawn down by the Manager 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund (each, an 'Advance"). 
Certain individuals that are partners or employees of the Manager and Glendower U.S. will 
invest in the Fund (the 'Team Investment') indirectly through the Special Limited Partner (as 
defined below). 
The Team Investment will be equal to, at least, 1% of the aggregate 
Commitments. 
The General Partner will hold an initial closing of the Fund (the 'First Closing") as soon as 
practicable. From time to time after the First Closing one or more additional closings may be 
held as necessary to admit additional Limited Partners (each, and the First Closing, a 
'Closing"). The final Closing of the Fund is to take place no later than 15 months after the 
First Closing (the 'Final Admission Date), provided that, if on the 15 month anniversary of 
the First Closing, aggregate Commitments and commitments to any Parallel Fund (as defined 
below) are: (i) less than US$1.75 billion then the Final Admission Date shall be automatically 
extended to the 18 month anniversary of the First Closing or (ii) US$1.75 billion or more then 
the General Partner may extend the Final Admission Date with the consent of the Fund 
Advisory Committee (as defined below). 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund subsequent to the First Closing (each a "Subsequent 
Closing Partner') generally will participate in the investments, if any, made by the Fund prior 
to their admission. Each Subsequent Closing Partner will generally contribute to the Fund an 
amount equal to its proportionate share of all funded Commitments of the Partners admitted 
in prior Closings, plus an additional amount computed as interest thereon at the higher of the 
preferred retum rate of 8% and three-month USD LIBOR plus 2% from the date of each 
applicable funding, with such appropriate adjustments as may be necessary to take into 
account distributions made to Partners admitted in prior Closings. 
Advances will be drawn down on an as needed basis to make investments and to pay the 
General Partner's Share and Fund liabilities and expenses at any time, generally upon 
business days' prior written notice. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082639 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228823 
EFTA01383041

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383042.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 6: Summery of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
the Investment Restriction Base will be invested in any single Fund Secondary or GP-led 
Secondary. (iii) no more than 20% of the Investment Restriction Base invested in Single 
Asset Deals will be made on a primary basis, (iv) no more than 12.5% of the Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any blind pool investment fund on a primary basis or 
where less than 50% of aggregate capital commitments of such fund have been drawn down. 
and (v) no more than 10% of the Investment Restriction Base will be invested in any portfolio 
investments with a focus on real estate investments. 
'Investment Restriction Base' means (a) prior to the Final Admission Date, an amount 
equal to the greater of (i) US$1.75 billion and (ii) the aggregate Commitments accepted as at 
the date of determination and (b) following the Final Admission Date, an amount equal to the 
aggregate Commitments. 
Indebtedness 
Hedging 
General Partner's 
Share 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control, is 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to facilitate the closing of an investment in 
advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally expects such borrowings to be outstanding 
for less than 180 days. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control, is also 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to fund the payment of the Fund's 
expenses or the General Partner's Share in advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally 
expects to repay such borrowings from drawdowns or distributions from investments. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control. may also 
borrow on a long-term basis to create leveraged capital structures in portfolio investments 
with appropriate cash flow characteristics. The Fund will not borrow for such purpose 
amounts that in aggregate exceed 25% of the aggregate Commitments. 
The Fund may also make use of leverage in connection with hedging arrangements 
(including the use of FX forwards and swaps). 
Assets of the Fund may be posted as collateral against such borrowings including its 
investments, and by pledges of unfunded Commitments. Such borrowings may be incurred 
on a portfolio-wide basis or against specific securities and may be secured by drawdowns of 
Commitments. 
The Fund may engage in hedging transactions, such as hedging for currency, interest rate 
and equity market risks. Hedging techniques could involve a variety of derivative transactions. 
including transactions in forward contracts and swaps. 
The Fund will allocate to the General Partner and the Second GP a profit share (the -General 
Partner's Share'). Advances will be made against the General Partners Share quarterly 
from drawdowns of the Limited Partners' unfunded Commitments or from other proceeds 
received by the Fund. 
For each Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund (as defined below)) and each investor in 
a Feeder Fund: 
(i) 
during the Investment Period. 1.25% per annum (reduced by the Applicable Points) of 
(a) the Commitment of such Limited Penner or (b)the commitment (or equivalent) of 
such Feeder Fund investor: 
(ii) 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1 00% per annum 
(reduced by the Applicable Points) of the aggregate, as of the end of the Investment 
Period, of such Limited Partner's or such Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down 
Commitment (or equivalent), that is, at the date of determination, invested in portfolio 
investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) that the Manager has 
reasonably reserved for portfolio investments (a Limited Partner's or an investor in a 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082641 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228825 
EFTA01383042

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383043.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund (other than any Limited Partner or investor affiliated with the 
General Partner. the Second GP or the Manager). Feeder Funds and Parallel Funds will not 
have separate advisory committees. The Manager shall have the right to appoint one or 
more representatives of the Manager to serve as non-voting members, and as the chairman, 
of the Fund Advisory Committee. The Fund Advisory Committee will meet at least annually 
following the Final Admission Date, or before the Final Admission Date at the discretion of the 
Manager, and as required to consult with the Manager as to potential conflicts of interest and 
certain other matters. The Fund will reimburse the Fund Advisory Committee members for 
their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. 
Successor Funds 
Without the consent of 662.4% in interest of the Limited Partners, none of the General Partner, 
the Second GP. Glendower Capital, LLP or any affiliate of Glendower Capital. LLP will close 
another multiple third party investor fund having a substantially similar investment objective 
and strategy as the Fund until the earlier of: 
Allocation of 
Investment 
Opportunities 
Transfers and 
Withdrawals 
Reporting, Valuations 
and Annual Meeting 
Disclosure of changes 
to the leverage 
provisions 
(i) the date when 75% of aggregate Commitments have been invested. committed or 
reserved for investment or allocated or reserved to meet the obligations of the Fund; 
(ii) the end of the Investment Period; or 
(iii) the termination of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Glendower Capital, LLP or any of its Affiliates may, at any 
time, close other multiple third party investor funds with investment objectives and strategies 
that overlap with the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to 
specific asset categories or strategies (each, a "Complementary Fund). 
Subject to the 'Successor Funds' restrictions described above. the Manager and its affiliates 
may sponsor or advise various investment vehicles, including Complementary Funds, and 
separate accounts (together with the Fund, the "Investment Plattomis), some of which may 
have overlapping investment strategies and investment committee members with those of the 
Fund. The Manager will allocate investment opportunities among the Investment Platforms 
on an equitable basis in its good faith discretion and in accordance with its internal 
investment allocation guidelines. These are based on the applicable investment guidelines of 
such Investment Platforms, portfolio diversification requirements, regulatory requirements and 
other appropriate factors. 
Limited Partners generally may not sell, assign, transfer or pledge their Interests except as 
permitted by the Fund Partnership Agreement which will require. inter elle, the prior written 
consent of the Manager. Limited Partners generally may not withdraw from the Fund. 
Limited Partners will receive audited annual accounts (also comprising a Manager's report 
and such disclosures as are required by the AIFMD) prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP 
or International Financial Reporting Standards as well as unaudited quarterly financial 
statements (in respect of the second and third quarters of each fiscal year only) and 
unaudited quarterly capital accounts. 
Limited Partners will also receive such periodic 
disclosures as are required in accordance with the AIFMD (including changes to leverage. 
liquidity and risk management provisions). 
The Fund will hold annual meetings to provide Limited Partners with the opportunity to review 
and discuss with the Manager and its employees the Fund's investment activities and 
portfolio. 
Limited Partners will receive unaudited quarterly financial reports regarding the Fund which 
will include the amount of leverage that has been utilized by the Fund. 
Any amendments to the leverage provisions of the Fund will require an amendment to the 
Fund Partnership Agreement. See "Amendments to Fund Partnership Agreement" below for 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082644 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228828 
EFTA01383043

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383044.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
further details. 
Co-investment 
The Manager may offer co-investment opportunities to any Limited Partner in its sole 
discretion 
Alternative Vehicles 
Parallel Funds 
Feeder Funds 
Side Letters 
The Manager will have the right in connection with any investment to direct the Advances of 
some or all of the Limited Partners to be made through one or more alternative investment 
vehicles (each, an "Alternative Vehicle' if. in the judgment of the Manager, the use of such 
vehicle or vehicles represents an appropriate structure for the Fund and would facilitate 
participation in certain types of investments. Any Altemathre Vehicle generally will be 
governed by terms and conditions substantially similar to those of the Fund (except as may 
be advisable because of such legal, regulatory or tax constraints) and will be managed by the 
General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof. The profits and losses of an Alternative 
Vehicle generally will be aggregated with those of the Fund for purposes of determining 
distributions by the Fund and such Alternative Vehicle, unless the General Partner or the 
Manager elects otherwise in its sole discretion based on a determination that such 
aggregation could increase the risk of any adverse tax or other consequences. 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more parallel funds (each a 
'Parallel Fund") to accommodate the investment requirements of certain investors. My 
Parallel Fund documentation will contain terms and conditions substantially similar to those of 
the Fund and will be managed by the General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof. 
Any Parallel Fund will be responsible for its pro rata share of expenses. 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more feeder funds which will 
invest in the Fund or a Parallel Fund (each, a "Feeder Fund") to accommodate the 
investment requirements of certain investors. In certain respects, investors in a Feeder Fund 
will be treated as having invested directly in the Fund or the relevant Parallel Fund, as the 
case may be. 
The General Partner or the Manager, without any further act, approval or vote of any Partner, 
may enter into side letters or other written agreements with one or more Limited Partners 
which have the effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example. reducing the 
General Partner's Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement (each, a 'Side Letter). A Side 
Letter may include additional rights that are, or alter or supplement the terms of the Fund 
Partnership Agreement in a manner that is, more favorable to the recipient than those offered 
to any other Limited Partner, including with respect to (i) economic arrangements (including 
alternative fee or other compensation arrangements), (ii) opting out of particular investments. 
(iii) reporting obligations of the Fund. (iv) transfer to affiliates. (v) co-investment opportunities. 
(vi) withdrawal events. (vii) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership Agreement 
amendments, (viii) indemnification arrangements, (ix) dispute resolution processes, or (x) any 
other matters described therein. If a Side Letter is entered into entitling a Limited Partner to 
opt out of a particular investment or withdraw from the Fund, any election to opt out or 
withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase each other Limited Partner's pro rata interest 
in that particular investment (in the case of an opt-out) or all future investments (in the case of 
a withdrawal), which may have an adverse effect on such Limited Partner's investment 
results. 
Any additional rights established, or any terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or 
supplemented, in a Side Letter with a Limited Partner will govern solely with respect to such 
Limited Partner (but not any of such Limited Partner's assignees or transferees unless so 
specified in such side letter or otherwise agreed by the Manager) notwithstanding any other 
provision of the Fund Partnership Agreement. My additional rights established, or any terms 
of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or supplemented, in a Side Letter with a Limited 
Partner may generally be elected by any other Limited Partner having a Commitment equal to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082645 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228829 
EFTA01383044

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383045.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 6: Summery of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
or greater than the Commitment of the Limited Partner to which such Side Letter was 
provided. Such election, however, will only be made after the Final Admission Date. 
Indemnification 
For Cause Removal of 
the General Partner 
No Fault Removal of 
the General Partner 
Amendments to Fund 
Partnership 
Agreement 
Default 
Term 
None of the General Partner, the Manager, the Second GP, their respective affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory Committee members or the directors, officers, partners, members, employees 
or agents of any of them (each a 'Covered Person") will be liable to the Fund or the Limited 
Partners for any good faith act or omission relating to the Fund. except for (I) any such act or 
omission constituting an uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
conviction of a felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negkgence, fraud, willful 
misconduct or reckless disregard of duties by such Covered Person, or (ii) any claim or 
proceeding commenced by a Limited Partner against the Manager for any misrepresentation 
in the Fund's marketing information (including information. advice. materials. documents and 
this Memorandum communicated by the Manager or a person on behalf of, and as approved 
by. the Manager, where such misrepresentation has had a direct material adverse impact on 
such Limited Partner, in each case as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
The Fund will indemnify each Covered Person against all claims, damages, liabilities, costs 
and expenses. including legal fees, to which such Covered Person may be or become subject 
by reason of their activities on behalf of the Fund, or otherwise relating to the Fund 
Partnership Agreement. except to the extent that such claims. damages, liabilities. costs or 
expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such 
person's own uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement, conviction of a 
felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negligence. fraud, willful misconduct or reckless 
disregard of duties. 
The General Partner may be removed by a majority in interest of the Limited Partners where 
it has been finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the General Partner, 
the Manager or the Second GP has engaged in certain removal conduct. The Manager and 
Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General Partner. 
The General Partner may be removed at any time following the second anniversary of the 
Final Admission Date, with the written consent of 6634% in interest of the Limited Partners. 
The Manager and Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General 
Partner. 
The General Partner will, on the date of its removal, receive an amount equal to the General 
Partner's Share received by the General Partner in the eight calendar quarters immediately 
preceding the General Partner's removal. 
Subject to certain exceptions as more fully described in the Fund Partnership Agreement, the 
Fund Partnership Agreement (including the Fund's investment strategy or investment policy) 
may generally only be amended with the written consent of a majority in interest of the 
Limited Partners and the General Partner, provided that where such amendment would 
materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which discriminates against such 
Limited Partner vis•a•vis the other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited 
Partner, the consent of the affected Limited Partner will also be required. 
The General 
Partner will notify the Limited Partners within a reasonable period of time following any 
material amendments. 
A Limited Partner that defaults in respect of its obligation to make Advances or other 
contributions to the Fund will be subject to customary default provisions. including forfeiture of 
a substantial portion of its Interest, and payment of interest on the defaulted amount at a rate 
equal to the higher of (i) three-month USD LIBOR plus 2%. and (ii) 8%. 
The term of the Fund will be 7 years from the Final Admission Date, subject to the term being 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082646 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228830 
EFTA01383045

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383046.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082650 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228834 
EFTA01383046

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383047.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Risk Factors 
An investment in the Fund involves a substantial degree of risk and should be considered only by Investors whose 
financial resources are sufficient to enable them to assume such risk (and the possible loss of some or all of their 
investment) and who have no immediate need for liquidity in their investment. Investors should carefully evaluate the 
following Ask factors associated with an investment in the Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as 
an indication of the performance of the Fund. Investors should make their own assessment of the risks and rewards of 
an investment in the Fund. 
Pail A - Risks Related to an Investment in Secondary Private Equity 
Pooled investments in secondaries 
In many cases, the Manager expects that the Fund will have the opportunity to acquire a portfolio of investment funds or 
direct investments from a seller on an "all or nothing" basis. Certain of the investment funds or direct investments in the 
portfolio may be less attractive than others, and certain of the sponsors of such investment funds (or in some cases, the 
controlling investors in the portfolio companies) may be more familiar to the Manager than others, or may be more 
experienced or highly regarded than others. In such cases, it may not be possible for the Fund to carve out from such 
purchases those investments which the Fund considers (for commercial, tax, legal or other reasons) to be less attractive. 
Complex nature of due diligence and valuation process for GP-led Secondaries 
In traditional secondaries investments, secondaries investors typically provide liquidity to primary investors in private 
equity funds. and secondaries investors are able to rely on conducting due diligence on financial statements and periodic 
company updates originated by a common investment manager. By contrast, because many portfolios of direct 
investments being targeted by the Fund may be collections of the private equity assets of a seller other than private 
equity funds managed by a common investment manager, many GP-led Secondaries may lack the benefit of financial 
statements and periodic company updates that would be originated by a common investment manager. This may affect 
the ability of the Fund to conduct fundamental due diligence on the portfolio companies comprising such investment 
portfolios. 
Termination of the Fund's interest in an underlying fund 
The general partner or manager of an underlying fund may. among other things, terminate the Fund's interest in such 
underlying fund if the Fund fails to satisfy any capital call by that underlying fund or if the general partner or manager of 
that underlying fund determines that the continued participation of the Fund in the underlying fund would have a material 
adverse effect on the underlying fund or its assets. The Fund may tail to meet a capital call if an Investor fails to honor a 
capital call by the Fund and such shortfall cannot be made up by the other Investors, a new investor, a borrowing, the 
Manager or otherwise. 
Reliance on management of portfolio companies 
While d is the intent of the Fund to invest in underlying funds with proven investment fund managers and companies with 
proven operating management in place, there can be no assurance that such management will continue to operate 
successfully. Although the Fund will monitor the performance of each underlying fund and investment, it will rely upon 
management to operate the underlying funds and portfolio companies on a day-to-day basis. 
Confidential Prnato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082651 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228835 
EFTA01383047

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383048.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383048.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Leverage 
The leveraged capital structure of some vintage funds and portfolio companies in which the Fund may directly or 
indirectly invest will increase the exposure of such investments to adverse financial or economic conditions such as 
significantly rising interest rates, severe economic downturns or deterioration in the condition of tlx: investment or its 
corresponding market. Under such conditions, the value of the Fund's direct or indirect investment in a portfolio company 
could be significantly reduced or even eliminated. There may be a substantial amount of indebtedness in connection with 
such portfolio company investments. Global financial markets have experienced a variety of difficulties and changed 
economic conditions in recent years. These developments and new developments, if they occur, could have a significant 
effect upon the availability and terms of financing, as well as the purchase and sale price of assets, and accordingly. 
could adversely affect the Fund's or an underlying fund's ability to make or dispose of investments. the type of 
investments that may be made and the returns received with respect to such investments. 
Investments in troubled and leveraged companies 
The Fund may invest indirectly, through the underlying funds, in securities of financially troubled companies and 
securities of highly leveraged companies. While these investments are likely to be particularly risky. they also may offer 
the potential for correspondingly high returns. Under certain circumstances, payments to the mderlying funds and 
distributions by the underlying funds to their investors, including to the Fund, may be reclaimed on bankruptcy or 
insolvency if any such payment is later determined to have been a preferential payment.
Venture capital investments 
The Fund may invest in interests in limited partnerships devoted to early stage venture capital investments. which is a 
segment of the venture capital business with the highest degree of investment risk. Typically, the portfolio companies in 
which such limited partnerships invest have no operating history, unproven technology, untested management and 
unknown future capital requirements. 
These companies often face intense competition, often from established 
companies with much greater financial, manufacturing and technical resources, more marketing and service capabilities, 
and a greater number of qualified persomel. To the extent there is a public market for the securities of these companies, 
they may be subject to abrupt and erratic market price movements. The indirect investments by the Fund in limited 
partnerships focused on investments of this type will be highly speculative and may result in the loss of the Fund's entire 
capital contributions in respect of such investments. There can be no assurance that any such losses will be offset by 
gains (it any) realized in other portfolio companies of the Fund. 
Valuation 
Market events and valuation issues may impact the Fund and the underlying funds. The valuation methodology and 
timing may vary between the investments made by the Fund and therefore impact the valuation analysis of the Fund.
Lack of liquidity of the Fund's investments 
The return of capital on investments and the realization of gains, if any, will generally occur only upon the partial or 
complete disposition of an investment. Investments will generally be highly illiquid compared to other asset classes. and 
it is unlikely that there will be a public market for most of the investments made. 
No established market for secondaries investments 
There is no established market for secondaries investments and although there has been an increasing volume of sales 
of secondaries investments, no liquid market is expected to develop for secondaries. 
Moreover, the market for 
secondaries has been evolving and is likely to continue to evolve. The Manager expects that the Fund may acquire 
interests in investment funds and direct private equity investments in portfolio companies on an opportunistic basis from 
existing investors in such funds (and not from the issuers of such interests) and from existing holders of direct 
investments (and not from the portfolio companies directly). There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Prerate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082652 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228836 
EFTA01383048

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383049.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
projections of future events which are difficult to predict and beyond the control of the Fund and the Manager. Investors 
have no assurance that actual internal rates of return and current returns will equal or exceed the projected rates of 
return or that any capital will be returned to them. 
Poor performance by a few of the Funds investments could substantially affect the total return to Investors. The Fund 
may. directly or indirectly, invest in private equity businesses which are believed to be sound and offer good prospects 
for growth. Such businesses may have little or no operating history. There can be no assurance that any business in 
which the Fund invests will perform to expectations. 
Losses borne exclusively by the Fund and its Partners 
The Manager and its affiliates will not be liable for any losses that the Fund may incur. My such losses will be borne 
exclusively by the Fund and, in turn, by the Funds Partners. 
Additional risk of loss as a result of the use of leverage 
The Fund may at any time, subject to the restrictions in the Fund Documents, borrow funds to make investments on a 
leveraged basis. The interest expense and other costs incurred in correction with such borrowing may not be recovered 
by income from investments purchased by the Fund. Gains realized with borrowed funds may cause the value of the 
portfolio held by the Fund to increase at a faster rate than would be the case without borrowings. If, however, investment 
results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the value of the portfolio held by the Fund could decrease faster than if there 
had been no such borrowings. Additionally, if the investments fail to perform to expectations, the interest of Investors in 
the Fund would be subordinated to such leverage, which would compound any such adverse consequences. Further, to 
the extent income received from investments is used to make interest and principal payments on the Funds borrowings. 
Investors may be allocated income, and therefore tax liability, in excess of cash received by them in distributions. 
Investors will be aware that the stability of certain financial markets has deteriorated in recent years. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may affect the ability of the Manager to find and/or secure finance for suitable investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Drawdowns and use of subscription line facilities 
The Fund may fund the making of portfolio investments with proceeds from drawdowns under one or more revolving 
credit facilities (the collateral for which can be, for example, the undrawn capital commitments of Investors) prior to 
calling Commitments. Drawdowns, including those used to pay interest on subscription line facilities and other 
indebtedness, may from time to time be "batched' together into larger, less frequent capital calls or closings, with the 
Fund's interim capital needs being satisfied by the Fund borrowing money from such credit facilities. My such interim 
borrowings incurred are expected to be temporary end short•term in nature. The interest expense and other costs of any 
such borrowings will be fund expenses and, accordingly, decrease net multiples of the Fund. It is expected that interest 
will accrue on any such outstanding borrowings at a rate lower than the preferred return. which will begin accning when 
drawdowns to repay borrowings used to fund such portfolio investments or interim expenditures are actually made to the 
Fund. The use of borrowing in this manner may therefore have the effect of accelerating the Special Limited Partner's 
entitlement to carded interest by decreasing the amount of preferred return that is required to be distributed to Investors. 
In light of the foregoing, the Manager has an incentive to cause the Fund to borrow in this manner in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments. Ma general matter. use of borrowings in lieu of drawing down Commitments amplifies IRRs (either 
negative or positive) to Investors. 
Investment history 
Although the information herein and in other materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, none of the Fund, the Manager or their respective 
affiliates guarantee its accuracy, completeness or fairness. The performance data relating to the SOF Funds presented 
herein and in the materials provided in connection with the marketing of the Interests is as of June 30, 2017 (unless 
noted otherwise) and may no longer be representative of the current position. Such data has not been audited or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082655 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228839 
EFTA01383049

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383050.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
otherwise verified by any outside party and should not be construed as representative of the returns that may be 
achieved in the future. The return data does not reflect a composite and has not been presented in accordance with 
Association for Investment Management Research (AMR) standards. 
No assurance can be given that the past 
investments made by any of the SOF Funds would be suitable for the Fund. Past performance is not an indication of 
future results and no representation or warranty is made as to the returns which may be experienced by Investors. 
Availability of investments and competitive nature of the Fund's business 
The business of the Fund is highly competitive. The success of the Fund depends on the ability of the Manager to 
identify and select appropriate investment opportunities as well as the Fund's ability to acquire such investments in a 
competitive environment. The Fund will be competing for investment opportunities against other investors. including 
private equity funds and hedge funds. The availability of investments and/or the price of such investments will be affected 
by these competitors for such investments, many of which (i) have financial and strategic resources significantly in 
excess of those of the Fund. (ii) may make competing offers for investment opportunities that are identified by the Fund. 
and (hi) may be willing to offer terms more favorable than those offered by the Fund. Competition for investment 
opportunities may increase, thus reducing the number of opportunities available to the Fund and adversely affecting the 
terms upon which investments can be made. Consequently, the Manager may be unable to identify a sufficient number 
of investment opportunities for the Fund and the Fund may be unable to acquire investments on attractive terms. There 
is no guarantee that suitable investments will be or can be secured, or that they will be successful, or that they will meet 
the Fund's requirements in respect of diversity. There can be no assurance that the Manager will be able to identify and 
consummate a sufficient number of investments to permit the Fund either to invest all of its capital, to diversify its 
investments to the extent anticipated, or to meet the Fund's return objectives. Also, the Fund may incur bid costs on 
transactions that may not be successful, and consequently the Fund may not be able to recover such costs, which would 
adversely affect returns. No assurance is given that the Fund's investment objective will be achieved. 
Dependence on the Manager, key personnel and service providers 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-to-day operations of the Fund. including investment and disposition 
decisions. In order to safeguard their limited liability for the debts and obligations of the Fund. Investors must rely 
entirely on the General Partner, and by virtue of the relevant agreements. the Manager, and their respective personnel to 
supervise. conduct and manage the affairs of the Fund. 
The success of the Fund depends in substantial part on the skill and expertise of the Key Persons and other investment 
executives of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser. There can be no assurance that such persons will continue to be 
associated with the Manager or the U.S. Adviser (as the case may be) throughout the Ude of the Fund. The loss of the 
skill and expertise of such persons could have a material adverse effect on the Fund. In addition, Investors should be 
aware that the Manager and certain personnel of the Manager (including the Key Persons) will continue to devote such 
time and attention to the management of the SOF Funds as is required to discharge their duties relating to the ongoing 
activities of the SOF Finds. 
The Fund is reliant on the performance of its depositary for its successful operation. and may be materially affected by a 
failure in the depositary's performance. 
Lack of operating history 
Although members of the Manager's investment team have had extensive experience investing in the private equity 
sector, the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Second GP are newly formed entities with 
no operating history upon which to evaluate the Fund's likely performance. Investors must rely upon the Manager to 
identify, structure and implement investments consistent with the Fund's investment objectives and policies. 
Prior affiliation with Deutsche Bank 
As described in 'History in Section 1 Executive Summary of this Memorandum, not all members of the investment and 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082656 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228840 
EFTA01383050

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383051.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
operations teams that were involved in the management of the SOF Funds at Deutsche Bank have joined the Manager 
and the U.S. Adviser. Accordingly, in evaluating the past performance of the SOF Funds, prospective investors should 
note that the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser were formally part of Deutsche Bank, a large 
institution. and. in connection with the investments comprising the track record of the SOF Funds, such persons 
functioned as part of a larger group within Deutsche Bank and the success or otherwise of the SOF Funds should not be 
solely attributed to the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser. 
Liquidity risk 
The Fund's investments are typically expected to be highly illiquid investments that are not listed on a stock exchange or 
for which there may only be a limited number of potential buyers. Political and regulatory considerations (including 
limitations on ownership and approval rights) could also affect the ability of the Fund to buy or sell investments on 
favorable terms. As a result, there can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to realize cash from such investments 
in a timely manner, and dispositions of such investments may require a lengthy time period or may result in distributions 
in kind to Investors. Moreover, the realizable value of a highly ikigtid investment may be less than its intrinsic value or 
the valuation assigned to it by the Fund. 
Distributions in kind 
Although, under normal circumstances, it is intended that the Fund will make distributions in cash, it is possible that upon 
the liquidation of the Fund and in certain other circumstances as set out in the Fund Documents distributions may be 
made in kind (or in specie) and could consist of securities for which there is not a readily available public market. 
securities that are subject to legal and contractual transfer restrictions or securities of entities unable to make 
distributions. 
Investor risk 
Investors will be obliged to meet drawdown notices promptly, and fadure to do so may subject an Investor to severe 
consequences as set out in the Fund Documents, including without limitation forfeiture of its Interest. Should an Investor 
fail to provide the money drawn down from it promptly, the Fund may be unable to consummate the investment for which 
the money was to be provided or may be unable to meet other obligations when due. As a result. the Fund may be 
subjected to significant penalties (which could materially and adversely affect the returns to Investors) and money 
provided by the other Investors may be returned to them without having been invested and will be subject to recall. If a 
defaulting Investor's Interest is forfeited, the total Commitments may be reduced, which will limit both the number of 
investments the Fund can still make, and the diversity of its investments including those that it has already made. 
Further, in the event that an Investor fails to comply with its obligations under the Fund Partnership Agreement to provide 
certain information, and comply with certain procedures, to enable the Fund to comply with the recently enacted U.S. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act, such failure may subject an Investor to severe consequences as set out in 
the Fund Documents. 
Amounts and timings of payments to the Fund are uncertain 
Drawdowns may occur at any point, and for any amount (up to an Investors undrawn commitment to the Fund). during 
the life of the Fund, including after the termination of the Investment Penod 
Risks associated with unspecified transactions 
There are risks and uncertainties to Investors with respect to the selection of investments. Investors will not have an 
opportunity to evaluate for themselves the relevant economic. financial and other information regarding the investments 
to be made by the Fund and. accordingly, will be dependent upon the judgment and ability of the Manager in sourcing 
suitable transactions and in investing and managing the assets of the Fund. No assurance can be given that the Fund 
will be successful in obtaining suitable investments at attractive prices or that it will be able to fully invest Commitments. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082657 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228841 
EFTA01383051

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383052.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Valuation risk 
The Fund will be relying upon the Manager for valuation of its investments. The Fund's investments in many cases will 
be difficult to value due to various factors, including the nature of private equity assets, the absence of readily 
ascertainable market values and comparables. and limited sources of useful valuation information. In addition, the 
valuation of an investment may not always be consistent with, and therefore may be higher than, the price at which the 
investment could be sold on any particular valuation date. Such valuations will be subject to inherent uncertainty, and 
will be made under a number of assumptions which may not ultimately be realized. There can be no assurance that the 
valuations will in fact represent the actual value of the investments or the amounts that could at such time or may 
ultimately be realized with respect to the investments. Valuation uncertainties may be compounded if there are problems 
with the economies of the markets in which the Fund operates. 
Absence of Investment Company Act protection 
The Fund is not required to, and will not. register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 
1940. as amended (the 'Investment Company Act), and, accordingly, the provisions of the Investment Company Act 
(which, among other things, require investment companies to have a majority of disinterested directors, require securities 
held in custody to at all times be individually segregated from the securities of any other person and marked to dearly 
identify such securities as the property of such investment company and regulate the relationship between the adviser 
and the investment company) are not applicable. 
Tax risks 
The Fund ardlor the Investors could become subject to additional or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which the 
Fund operates or invests. In addition, withholding taxes and other local source taxes may be imposed on the Fund's 
earnings. These taxes may not be creditable or deductible by the Fund or its subsidiaries or the Investors. While it is 
intended that the activities of the Fund. the General Partner, the Second GP. the Manager and their respective offices 
should not create a permanent establishment or other form of taxable presence of the Fund or any of its subsidiaries in 
any jurisdiction in which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries, or the General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager or any 
of their respective offices, operates or invests. there is a risk that the relevant tax authorities in one or more of such 
jurisdictions could take a contrary view. If for any reason the Fund or any of its subsidiaries is held to have a permanent 
establishment or other such presence in any such jurisdiction, the Fund or such subsidiary could be subject to significant 
taxation in such jurisdiction. 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD) together with the G20 countries has 
committed to reduce perceived abusive global tax avoidance, referred to as base erosion and profit shifting (-REPS"). As 
part of this commitment, an action plan has been developed to address BEPS with the aim of securing revenue by 
realigning taxation with economic activities and value creation by creating a single set of consensus based international 
tax rules. As part of the REPS project ft is anticipated that new rules dealing with the operation of double tax treaties, the 
definition of permanent establishments and how hybrid instruments are taxed will be introduced. 
Depending on if and how these proposals are implemented, they may have a material impact on how returns to Investors 
are taxed. Such implementation may also give rise to additional reporting and disclosure obligations for Investors. Some 
OECD countries, including the UK, have begun the process of implementing the BEPS proposals. 
In addition to national implementation of BEPS. the European Council has adopted Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives that 
address many of the same issues. The measures included in the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives are required to be 
implemented into the national law of each EU Member State, to take effect from no later than either January 1. 2019, 
January 1. 2020 or January 1.2022 depending on the provision and the Member State. 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082658 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228842 
EFTA01383052

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383053.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383053.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Global taxes 
The Manager may make certain decisions to maximize pre-tax returns that result in tax-exempt Investors incurring 
greater tax costs than might otherwise be the case. For example, in some cases, the Manager may forego certain 
actions with regard to acquisition, financing, management and disposition of investments that would reduce taxes 
because such actions would reduce overall pre-tax returns to all the Investors. 
Investments and holding structures will be considered on their merits by the Manager but without regard to the taxation, 
legal or other circumstances of the Investors. 
Change in tax law 
There may be changes in the tax laws or interpretations of tax laws in jurisdictions in which the Fund or any of its 
subsidiaries operates, is managed, is advised, is promoted or invests, or in which Investors are resident, that are adverse 
to the Fund. Its subsidiaries, or the Investors. Changes to taxation treaties or interpretations of taxation treaties between 
one or more such jurisdictions and the countries through which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries holds investments or in 
which an Investor is resident may adversely affect the Fund's ability to efficiently realize income or capital gains. 
Consequently, it is possible that the Fund or its subsidiaries may face unfavorable tax treatment in such jurisdictions that 
may materially adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Tax treatment 
There can be no assurance that the structure of the Fund or of any investments will be tax-efficient for any particular 
Investor Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. 
Phantom income 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will have sufficient cash flow to permit the Fund to make distributions to 
Investors in amounts necessary to enable them to pay all tax liabilities resulting from their ownership of Interests. See 
also Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Risks from changes in the taxation of carried interest 
The ability of the Manager to achieve the investment objectives of the Fund depends, to a substantial degree, on the 
ability of the Manager and its affiliates to retain and motivate its investment professionals and other key personnel, and to 
recruit talented new personnel. 
The ability of the Manager and its affiliates to recruit, retain and motivate their 
professionals is dependent on their ability to offer highly attractive incentive opportunities. Legislation has recently been 
enacted in the U.S. which treats certain capital gain income that is recognized by an investment partnership and 
allocable to a partner affiliated with the sponsor of the partnership (i.e., carried interest) as short-term capital gain 
generally taxed at ordinary rates to such partner for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It is currently unclear the impact 
this legislation will have on the Manager and its affiliates or any professionals of such organizations, however, it is 
possible this legislation (or if additional similar legislation were enacted, such other legislation) would materially increase 
their tax liability with respect to their entitlement to carried interest. This may adversely affect the Manager's and its 
affiliates' ability to attract and retain certain investment professionals. which may have an adverse effect on their ability to 
achieve the investment objectives of the Fund. 
Corporate offense of failure to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion 
The UK Criminal Finances Act 2017 introduced, with effect from September 30. 2017, a corporate offence of failure to 
prevent the criminal facilitation of tax evasion. The offence can be committed by bodies corporate and partnerships, 
wherever incorporated or formed and could therefore impact the Fund and its investments. The offence is committed 
when an associated person of the body corporate or partnership commits criminal facilitation of tax evasion when acting 
in the capacity of an associated person. The offense is wide in scope and catches facilitation of foreign tax evasion as 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082659 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228843 
EFTA01383053

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383054.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383054.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
well as UK tax evasion. It is a complete defense if the body corporate or partnership has reasonable procedures in place 
designed to prevent persons associated with it from committing tax evasion facilitation offences. 
The Manager intends to (i) implement reasonable procedures to prevent associated persons from committing criminal 
facilitation of tax evasion, and (a) consider the offence in respect of the Fund's investments. It is nevertheless possible 
that an English court would not find these procedures reasonable and the Manager could be found guilty of this criminal 
offence and subject to unlimited financial penalties. 
Co-investment risks, counterparty risks and investments via other entities 
The Fund may make investments via other entities and in a joint venture, co-investment or partnership arrangement with 
other parties. This may involve alternative investment vehicles (where the Fund may cause the Investors to transfer a 
portion of their Commitments to such entities), partnerships, joint ventures, companies, trusts or other entities. Such 
arrangements may involve additional risks (such as the risk that the Manager will not be as familiar with the operation of 
such entities, or the risk of higher costs associated with their formation, structuring or operation, or relationships with 
co-venturers deteriorating) and the Fund's investment via such entities may be impacted by other parties if made on a 
joint venture, co-investment or partnership basis (e.g., where a co-venturer, co-investor or partner defaults on its funding 
obligations, or is in a position to take action contrary to the Fund's objectives due to having economic or business 
interests or goals that are not consistent with those of the Fund, or where the Fund is liable for actions of such 
co-venturer, co-investor or partner). Additionally, to the extent that a co-venturer, co-investor or partner operates a 
project. the Fund will bear the risk of actions or omissions by such co-venturer, co-investor or partner. While the 
Manager will seek to limit the extent to which such factors can affect the Fund, such actions or omissions may not be 
sufficient to protect the Fund from loss. There is a risk that co-venturers, co-investors, partners or counterparties may 
default on their contractual obligations to the Fund or the Fund's investments. My such default would likely have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Fund's investments and on the returns to Investors. In addition, the Fund may co-
invest with other parties through partnerships. joint ventures or other entities. Under such circumstances. there is the 
possibility that the entity in which the Fund's investment is made or such co-investor may have economic or business 
interests or goals that are not entirely consistent with those of the Fund. In addition, the Fund may. in certain 
circumstances, be liable for actions of its co-investors. 
Dilution from subsequent closings 
Investors subscribing for Interests after the First Closing will participate in existing investments of the Fuld, diluting the 
interest of existing Investors therein. 
Although such Investors will contribute their pro rata share of prior Fund 
drawdowns (plus interest), there can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Indemnification 
The Fund will indemnify. and hold harmless. the General Partner. the Second GP. the Manager, the U.S. Adviser and 
each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund; each of the current and 
former officers. directors, employees, managers. agents of any of the General Partner, the Second GP. the Manager, the 
U.S. Adviser and each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund, each 
person serving, or who has served, as a member of the Fund Advisory Committee (and, with respect to claims or 
damages arising out of or relating to such service only, the Investor that such person represents and each of such 
Investor's officers, directors, employees, partners, members, managers, agents and other representatives), and any 
other third party designated by the General Partner as a covered person who serves at the request of the General 
Partner or the Manager directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund from and against any liabilities. actions, proceedings. 
claims, costs, demands and expenses to which they may become subject by reason of their activities on behalf of the 
Fund. unless such liabilities. actions. proceedings, claims. costs, demands and expenses result from certain conduct of 
such indemnified person as specified in the Fund Partnership Agreement. Indemnification of these indemnified persons 
may impair the financial condition of the Fund and its ability to acquire investments or otherwise achieve its investment 
objective or meet its obligations. Furthermore, the Investors may be required to return certain distributions for the 
purpose of satisfying any claim under such indemnity, subject to certain limitations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082660 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228844 
EFTA01383054

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383055.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383055.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Short-term investments 
Amounts drawn down from Investors will be invested by the Fund in short-term instnrnents pending investment in 
secondaries transactions. During such interim periods, these short-term investments may produce lower returns for 
Investors than the returns earned by direct investors in the underlying private equity funds in which the Fund invests (or 
by direct investors in portfolio companies) for the same period. 
Follow-on investments 
The Fund may be called upon to provide follow-up funding for portfolio companies or have the opportunity to increase its 
investment in such portfolio companies. There can be no assurance that the Manager will wish to make follow-on 
investments or that the Fund will have sufficient funds to do so. My decision by the Manager not to make follow-on 
investments or its inability to make them may have a substantial negative impact on a portfolio company in need of such 
an investment or may diminish the Fund's ability to influence the portfolio company's future development. 
Risks upon disposition of investments 
In connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company or otherwise, the Fund may be required to 
make representations about the business and financial affairs of the portfolio company typical of those made in 
connection with the sale of any business, or may be responsible for the contents of disclosure documents under 
applicable securities laws. 
The Fund may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment or 
underwriters to the extent that any such representations or disclosure documents turn out to be incorrect, inaccurate or 
misleading. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities, which might ultimately have to be funded by the 
Investors. The Fund Partnership Agreement contains provisions to the effect that if there is any such claim in respect of 
a portfolio company, it may be funded by the Investors to the extent that they have received distributions from the Fund. 
subject to certain limitations. 
Furthermore, the Investors may, under certain circumstances, be required to return certain distributions for the purpose 
of satisfying certain other obligations and liabilities of the Fund of which they are Investors. 
Recourse to all assets 
The assets of the Fund. including any investments made by the Fund, are available to satisfy all liabilities and other 
obligations of the Fund. If the Fund becomes subject to a liability, parties seeking to have the liability satisfied may have 
recourse to the Fund's assets generally and not be limited to any particular assets. such as the asset representing the 
investment giving rise to the liability. This may result in the Fund disposing of assets it holds in order to satisfy liabilities 
arising from other assets. 
Defaulting Investors are subject to the discretion of the Manager 
If an Investor fails to meet drawdown notices, the Manager may delay, suspend or forfeit such Investor's right to receive 
payments from the Fund or the return of Commitments to such defaulting Investor. 
Expedited transactions 
Investment analyses and decisions by the Manager may frequently be required to be undertaken on an expedited basis 
to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the information available to the Manager at the time of an 
investment decision may be limited, and the Manager may not have access to detailed information regarding the 
investment opportunity. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the Manager will have knowledge of all relevant 
circumstances that may adversely affect an investment. 
In addition, the Manager may rely upon independent 
consultants in connection with its evaluation of proposed investments; however, no assurance can be given that these 
consultants will accurately evaluate such investments. and the Fund may incur liability as a result of such consultants' 
actions. 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082661 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228845 
EFTA01383055

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383056.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383056.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Emerging markets risk 
The Fund may hold interests in investments of the underlying funds in countries that are considered "emerging markets'. 
Investors should consider a number of risks associated with investments in emerging markets countries. For example. 
investments may be subject to changing political environments, regulatory restrictions, and changes in government 
institutions and policies, any of which could adversely affect private investments. In addition, changes in policy with 
regard to taxation, fiscal and monetary policies, repatriation of profits, and other economic regulations are possible, any 
of which could have an adverse effect on private investments. Laws and regulations in emerging markets, particularly 
those relating to foreign investment and taxation, may be subject to change or evolving interpretation. In addition, to the 
extent that the Fund indirectly holds assets in local currencies in countries outside the United States. the Fund will be 
exposed to a degree of currency risk that may adversely affect performance. In addition, investments may be made in 
countries where generally accepted accounting standards and practices differ significantly from those practiced in the 
United States, the United Kingdom and certain other European countries. The evaluation of potential investments and 
the ability to perform due diligence may be affected. The Fund and/or the Investors could become subject to additional 
or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which they have indirect investments. Changes to taxation treaties (or their 
interpretation) between the jurisdictions in which Investors are tax resident and the countries in which the Fund has direct 
or indirect investments may adversely affect their ability to efficiently realize income or capital gains. Moreover, certain of 
the transactions of underlying funds or their fund investments may be undertaken through local brokers, banks or other 
organizations outside the United States and the United Kingdom, and the underlying funds and their fund investments 
will be subject to the risk of default, insolvency or fraud of such organizations. The countries in which the Fund has 
indirect investments may control, in varying degrees. the repatriation of capital and profits that results from foreign 
investments. There can be no assurance that the underlying funds and their fund investments will be permitted to 
repatriate capital or profits, if any, over the life of their activities. 
No separate counsel 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP will act as special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner and may act as counsel to 
underlying private equity funds in which the Fund invests in connection with their organization, offering and ongoing 
investment activities. The Fund, the Manager and the General Partner have acknowledged and agreed that. in certain 
instances, Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. as counsel to an underlying private equity fund in which the Fund invests, may 
have to withdraw as counsel to the Manager and the General Partner if a conflict arises between the Fund and such 
underlying fund. In such an instance, the Fund would be required to retain additional counsel. Separate counsel has not 
been engaged to act on behalf of Investors in the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Debevoise & Plimpton 
LLP does not represent or owe any duty to any Investor or to the Investors as a group in connection with its role as 
special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner.
Diverse investor group 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for another Investor, especially with respect to 
Investors' particular tax situations. In selecting and structuring investments appropriate for the Find, the Manager will 
consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and its Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Sovereign status of certain investors 
Certain Investors may enjoy sovereign or other immunities and privileges under English or foreign law and may claim to 
be or insist on being restricted in their ability to submit to the jurisdiction of particular courts and tribunals, including those 
designated in the Fund Documents. These factors may make it substantially more difficult for the Manager and the other 
parties to the Fund Documents to enforce the contractual obligations of such an Investor, including for example its 
obligations to comply with any drawdovm notice, which may have adverse consequences for the Fund and the other 
Investors. 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082662 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228846 
EFTA01383056

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383057.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383057.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Side letters 
The General Partner or the Manager may enter into other written agreements with one or more Limited Partners which 
have the effect of establishing additional rights or alerting or supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement 
(each, a 'Side Letter). My such Side Letter may entitle a Limited Partner to make an investment in the Fund on terms 
other than those described herein, in the Fund Partnership Agreement and in the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests. My such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the Fund, (ii) transfers to 
affiliates. (iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events. (iv) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of fees, or (vi) any other matters, may be more favorable than those offered to any 
other Limited Partners. If the General Partner or the Manager enters into a Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to be 
excused from an investment of the Fund, other Investors may be required to increase their funded commitment by their 
pro rata share of the unfunded amount. 
Part C — General Risks 
General market risk 
General movements in local and international stock markets, prevailing economic conditions, investor sentiment and 
interest rates could all affect the market price of the listed securities of entities in which the Fund holds indirect interests. 
Investors will be aware that. in recent years. the stability of certain financial markets has significantly deteriorated. certain 
market participants are in financial distress, the availability of credit has significantly declined in certain markets and the 
value of financial assets has become more volatile and, in certain circumstances, has generally fallen. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Economic conditions 
General: The Fund's activities and results may be affected by a number of economic factors that are outside the control 
of the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Second GP. These factors include interest 
rates, inflation, deflation, general levels of economic activity, the price of securities and participation by other investors in 
the financial markets. There is no assurance that lenders will continue to provide financing at current or historic valuation 
levels to private equity. Instability in the securities, currency, commodity and other markets may also increase the risks 
inherent in the Fund's investments. 
Interest rates: Certain underlying investment assets of the Fund may be highly leveraged. Movements in the level of 
interest rates may affect the returns from these assets more significantly than investments in other types of assets. In 
particular, the type of debt, maturity profile, interest rates and covenants in place are among the factors which could 
affect the timing and magnitude of returns. 
Inflation and deflation. Inflation or deflation may affect the Fund's investments adversely in a number of ways. 
During periods of rising inflation, interest and dividend rates of any instruments in which the Fund has invested, or which 
investments or entities related to investments may have issued, could increase, which would tend to reduce returns to 
Investors. 
Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could also be accompanied by rising prices of 
commodities that are critical to the operation of certain assets (e.g., infrastructure) or to the return expected with respect 
to such assets. During periods of high inflation, capital tends to flee to other assets. such as (historically) gold, which 
may adversely affect the prices at which the Fund is able to sefl certain investments. Certain underlying investments 
may have fixed income streams and, therefore, there may be limited cash available for distribution. The market value of 
such investments may decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. Some of the Fund's underlying investments may 
have income linked to inflation through contractual rights or other means. However, as inflation may affect both income 
and expenses, any increase in income may not be sufficient to cover increases in expenses. 
During periods of deflation, the demand for the products and/or services provided by the businesses or assets in which 
the Fund may have indirectly invested could fall, reducing the revenues generated by, and so the value of. such 
investments and therefore reducing returns to Investors. Where the operating costs and expenses associated with any 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082663 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228847 
EFTA01383057

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383058.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
such investments do not fall by a corresponding amount, the rate of return to Investors could be further reduced. Periods 
of deflation are often characterized by a tightening of money supply and credit, which could limit the amounts available to 
the Fund with which to make and/or leverage investments. and so limit the number and size of investments that the Fund 
may make and affect the rate of return to Investors. Such economic constraints could also make certain assets in which 
the Fund may invest and related businesses more illiquid. preventing the Fund from divesting such assets efficiently and 
so reducing the return to Investors from such investments. Deflation may also make it more difficult for investments 
which are leveraged at the asset level to meet or service their debt obligations, due to reductions in revenues and 
increases in the size of the debt relative to the overall value of an investment. 
Currency risks 
Commitments will be denominated, and drawdowns and distributions made, in U.S. dollars but the Fund may make and 
realize investments in currencies other than U.S. dollars and. as a result, the value of investments may go up or down 
solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. The Fund will incur costs in connection with conversions 
between various currencies. The Manager will attempt to maximize U.S. dollar revenues and sales proceeds, and the 
Fund and its underlying investments may engage in hedging transactions to reduce currency risk. There can be no 
assurance. however, that such hedging transactions, if the Fund chooses to enter into them, will fully protect against the 
risk of currency fluctuations. Moreover, hedging transactions themselves may involve additional risks and result in 
transaction costs. Investors should be aware that if their reference currency is a currency other than U.S. dollars. their 
investment in the Fund may be adversely affected by any reduction in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to their 
reference currency. They may also incur the further transaction costs of converting U.S. dollars into another currency. 
Such Investors are strongly urged to consult their financial advisers with a view to determining whether they should enter 
into hedging transactions to offset these risks. 
Status of debt markets and availability of financing 
In recent years. disruptions in the debt markets have caused a significant decrease in the availability of financing, an 
increase in interest rates (despite decreases in base rates) and a tightening of lending and underwriting standards for 
investments in general. Such conditions may impair the Fund's ability to obtain financing or refinancing to fund the 
acquisition of investments, or such financing may be available to the Fund on less favorable terms. In addition, because 
purchasers of investments held directly or indirectly by the Fund typically require acquisition financing to fund a portion of 
the purchase price. these conditions may adversely affect the availability of favorable exit opportunities for such 
investments. This could have a serious adverse effect on the Fund's ability to implement its investment strategy and 
generate returns. The continuation or worsening of the disruptions in the debt markets could have an adverse impact on 
the availability of credit to businesses generally. Under the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act, and under other international bank regulatory frameworks, such as Basel III, banking organizations and 
other financial institutions are required to hold additional regulatory capital and to meet more stringent liquidity, leverage 
and other similar tests. The timing. scope and cumulative effect of these regulatory developments is not fully known, but 
they may result in lenders being less willing and able to extend credit to borrowers like the Fund and/or increased costs 
to lenders, which are passed on to borrowers such as the Fund. 
Legal, tax and regulatory risks of private funds 
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur that may adversely affect the Fund. The legal, tax and regulatory 
environment for funds that invest in alternative investments is evolving, and changes in the regulation and market 
perception of such funds. including changes to existing laws and regulations and increased criticism of the private equity 
and alternative asset industry by some politicians, regulators and market commentators, may adversely affect the ability 
of the Fund to pursue its investment strategy and the value of investments held by the Fund. In recent years, market 
disruptions and the dramatic increase in the capital allocated to alternative investment strategies have led to increased 
governmental as well as self-regulatory scrutiny of the alternative investment fund industry in general. Recently, there 
has been significant discussion regarding greater governmental scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private 
investment industry, as private equity and other private investment firms become more significant participants in the 
broad-based economy. It is in many cases uncertain what form such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the private 
equity industry ultimately may take and in what jurisdictions such measures may be implemented. Therefore. there can 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082664 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228848 
EFTA01383058

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383059.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383059.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
be no assurance as to whether any such regulatory scrutiny or initiatives will have an adverse impact on the private 
investment industry, including the ability of the Fund to achieve its objectives. It is impossible to predict what, if any, 
changes may be instituted with respect to the regulations applicable to the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Second GP and their respective affiliates, the markets in which they operate and invest or the 
couMerparties with which they do business, or what effect such legislation or regulations might have. There can be no 
assurance that the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, the Second GP and their respective 
affiliates will be able, for financial reasons or otherwise, to comply with future laws and regulations, and any regulations 
which restrict the ability of the Fund to implement its investment strategy. 
Brexit 
The UK has formally notified the European Council of its intention to leave the European Union ('Brexit"). Under the 
process for leaving the European Union contemplated in article 50 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, the UK will remain a member state until a withdrawal agreement is entered into. or failing that, two years following 
the notification of the intention to leave. The terms and precise timetable of withdrawal are unknown at this time. 
Furthermore, as a result of Brexit. other European countries may seek to conduct referenda with respect to their 
continuing membership with the European Union. Given these possibilities and others that are not anticipated, at this 
time, it is difficult to predict how the UK withdrawal from the European Union will be implemented and what the economic, 
tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory and other implications will be for the asset management industry, the broader European and 
global financial markets generally and for private funds such as the Fund and the Fund's investments. This uncertainty is 
likely to continue to impact the global economic climate and may impact opportunities, pricing, availability and cost of 
bank financing, regulation, values or exit opportunities of companies or assets based, doing business, or having service 
or other significant relationships in, the UK or the European Union, including companies or assets held or considered for 
prospective investment by the Fund. 
The future application of European Union-based legislation to the private fund industry in the UK and the European 
Union will ultimately depend on how the UK renegotiates its relationship with the European Union. There can be no 
assurance that any renegotiated terms or regulations will not have an adverse impact on the Fund and its investments, 
including the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objectives. Brexit may result in significant market dislocation. 
heightened counterparty risk, an adverse effect on the management of market risk and, in particular, asset and liability 
management due in pan to redenomination of financial assets and liabilities, and increased legal, regulatory or 
compliance burden for Investors, the Manager and/or the Fund, each of which may have a negative impact on the 
operations, financial condition, returns or prospects of the Fund. 
Brexit may also have an adverse effect on the tax treatment of the Fund and its investments. In particular, the European 
Union directives preventing withholding taxes being imposed on intra-group dividends, interest and royalties may no 
longer apply to payments made into and out of the UK. meaning that instead the UK's double tax treaty network would 
need to be relied upon. Further, there may be changes to the operation of VAT. 
While the most immediate impacts on corporate transactions will likely be related to changes in market conditions. the 
development of new regulatory regimes and parallel competition law enforcement may have an adverse impact on 
transactions. particularly those occurring in, or impacted by conditions in, the UK and Europe. 
Anti-money laundering compliance 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or government authority or 
where it is in the best interests of the Fund, in each case as a whole, to disclose information in respect of the identity of 
Investors. In addition, the General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or 
government authority to disclose certain information about the Fund and its arrangements with Investors, including 
disclosing the existence of, disclosing copies of, and reporting certain information about, any side letters or other 
arrangements that the Fund enters into with Investors that allow Investors to invest in the Fund under terms that vary 
from those applicable to other Investors. 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or government authority to 
suspend the account of an Investor or take other anti•money laundering steps. Where the General Partner, the Second 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082665 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228849 
EFTA01383059

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383060.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
may be materially different from the forward looking information 
THE FOREGOING LIST OF RISK FACTORS DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE OR CONCLUSIVE 
EXAMINATION OF THE RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE FUND. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD 
READ THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS ENTIRETY AND ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR PROFESSIONAL 
ADVISERS BEFORE DECIDING WHETHER TO INVEST IN THE FUND. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082667 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228851 
EFTA01383060

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383061.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082668 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228852 
EFTA01383061

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383062.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Conflicts of Interest 
General 
Investors should be aware that there will be situations where the Manager and its affiliates may encounter potential 
conflicts of interest in connection with the Fund's investment activities. The following discussion details certain potential 
conflicts of interest that should be carefully considered before making an investment in the Fund. By acquiring an Interest 
and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Investor will be deemed to have acknowledged the existence 
of any such actual and potential conflicts of interest and to have waived any claim with respect to any liability arising from 
the existence of any such conflict of interest. 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify and manage all such conflicts of interest. The General Partner 
and the Manager will consult with the Fund Advisory Committee with respect to material issues involving actual or 
potential significant conflicts of interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters in accordance with the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, unless the General Partner and the Manager have been advised by counsel that disclosure of 
such potential or actual conflict of interest is. or may reasonably be, prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons (in which 
case. where the conflict cannot be satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). 
The following non-exhaustive discussion sets forth certain potential conflicts of interest. In the Fund Documents, 
Investors will be required to acknowledge and consent to the existence of the conflicts of interest described. 
Conflicts among certain Investors 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments. decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for another Investor, especially with respect to 
particular tax situations of the Investors. In selecting and structuring investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager 
will consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and the Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Broken deal expenses and abort fees 
My broken deal expenses or abort fees relating to any investment opportunity that is not consummated will be allocated 
entirely to the Fund and not to any other co-investor unless such co•investor has agreed otherwise. 
Investment by members of the management team 
Partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser may invest personal funds directly or indirectly into the 
Fund or through other parallel investment entities. As such, their decisions may be influenced by the presence of their 
investment, and may not be completely unbiased. 
Carried Interest 
The entitlement of certain partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser to receive the economic benefit 
of the Carried Interest received by the Special Limited Partner may create an incentive for the Manager to make more 
speculative investments on behalf of the Fund than it would otherwise make in the absence of such Carried Interest. The 
existence of Carried Interest and its tax treatment may result in conflicts of interest between the Manager and Investors 
with respect to the management and disposition of investments and the determination of the order, timing and amount of 
distributions by the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082669 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228853 
EFTA01383062

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383063.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383063.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
The fact that the Carried Interest is linked to the performance of the Fund may create an incentive for the Manager to 
cause the Fund to make investments that are more speculative than would be the case in the absence of 
performance-based compensation, or to take action that may increase the short-term, as opposed to long-term, value of 
investments. 
Fund Advisory Committee 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify conflicts of interest. A Fund Advisory Committee will be 
established comprising representatives of certain Investors selected by the Manager. 
The Manager intends to consult the Fund Advisory Committee, as appropriate, with respect to material issues involving 
actual or potential conflicts of interest between the interests of the Fund and the Manager and its affiliates (unless the 
General Partner or the Manager has been advised by counsel that disclosure of such conflicts or potential conflicts is, or 
is reasonably likely to be. prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons, in which case, where the conflict cannot be 
satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). The Fund Advisory Committee will be 
comprised of members representing specific Investors and will not owe any duties to other Investors, whether individually 
or as a group. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082670 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228854 
EFTA01383063

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383064.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary CpportunSs Fund III, LP 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082672 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228856 
EFTA01383064

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383065.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
'private fund limited partnership-. The Fund Partnership Agreement will be governed by English law and all parties to the 
agreement will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Fund Partnership Agreement and the documents to be entered 
into pursuant to it. 
Investors will offer to subscribe for Interests pursuant to a deed of adherence governed by the laws of England and 
Wales and all parties to the deed of adherence will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have non-
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the deed of adherence. 
Investors whose offers to subscribe for Interests are accepted by the General Partner and the Manager will become 
limited partners in an English private fund limited partnership and will become party to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
constituting the Fund. Investors' interests in the Fund will be as limited partners and will not be certificated but will be 
recorded on the register of limited partners maintained by the Fund. Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-
to-day operations of the Fund, including investment and disposition decisions. 
A judgment of a non-English court will create an obligation that is actionable in England. To enforce that obligation, an 
Investor would need to commence proceedings in the courts of England, in which the judgment is sued upon as a debt. 
For a foreign judgment to be recognized by the English courts it must, infer alio. be final and conclusive in the court 
which pronounced it, it must have been given by a court regarded by English law as competent to do so, its recognition 
must not be contrary to public policy, and it must not have been obtained by fraud. 
Collateral and Asset Reuse Arrangements 
The Fund may employ collateral and asset reuse arrangements and will disclose such arrangements to the Limited 
Partners in accordance with the 'Periodic disclosure" paragraph below. 
Leverage 
The Fund may incur leverage' within the meaning of the AlFMD.74
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in accordance with the 'gross method' (article 7 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013 (the 'Delegated Regulation")) shall be: 400%. 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Ftnd, calculated in accordance with the "commitment method' 
(article t3 of the Delegated Regulation) shall be: 300%. 
To the extent the maximum level of leverage permitted by the Fund changes, then the Manager will disclose such 
arrangements to the Limited Partners in accordance with the 'Periodic disclosure' paragraph below. 
Periodic disclosure 
The information in respect of the Fund required to be disclosed pursuant to Article 23(4) and (5) of the AIFMD will be 
made available to each Limited Partner as follows: 
(a) 
The percentage of the Fund's assets which 
are subject to special arrangements arising 
from their illiquid nature. 
(b) 
Any new arrangements for managing the 
liquidity of the Fund. 
Not applicable.
Unlikely to arise but in the event that there are 
any new arrangements, without undue delay in 
a disclosure notice delivered to each Limited 
" 
See Section 6 Summary ri rams and Com:Wass lot a descncocn a now the Fund may incur leverage 
Confidential Prntate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082674 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228858 
EFTA01383065

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383066.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383066.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 9: Cede." Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Partner 
(c) 
The current risk profile of the Fund and the 
risk management systems employed by the 
Manager to manage those risks. 
(d) 
My changes to the maximum level of 
leverage which the Manager may employ 
on behalf of the Fund as well as any right of 
the reuse of collateral or any guarantee 
granted under the leveraging arrangement. 
In each annual report 
Without undue delay in a disclosure notice 
delivered to each Limited Partner. 
(e) 
The total amount of leverage employed by 
In each annual report 
the Fund. 
Net Asset Value and Historical Performance of the Fund 
No Investors have been admitted to the Fund. Accordingly, (a) there is no net asset value of the Fund. (b) the Fund has 
made no investments, so there is no information to disclose about the historical performance of the Fund, and (c) there is 
no annual report in respect of the Fund. 
Prime Broker 
The Fund has not engaged. and the Manager does not anticipate that the Fund will engage. a prime broker. 
The Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited (the 'Depositary) has been retained by the Manager to perform the depositary 
function pursuant to Article 21 of the AIFMD in respect of the Fund, including monitoring cash flows of the Fund, verifying 
the ownership of assets and making custody arrangements for the safekeeping of any custodial assets and overseeing 
the operations of the Fund. 
The Depositary may, with the prior written consent of the Manager, delegate any pan of its duties under the depositary 
agreement to third parties. To the fullest extent permitted by law. the Depositary does not owe any duty to any Limited 
Partner or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with its retention as the Fund's depositary. 
With respect to safekeeping (to the extent it is required), the Depositary may delegate its duties to one or more third party 
custodians. It is expected that such third party custodians will be able to provide safekeeping in any relevant jurisdiction 
where it is required. 
Neither the Depositary, nor any third party custodian to whom safekeeping is delegated, shall have a right of re-use of 
any of the Fund's assets. 
The Depositary has restricted its liability. In particular, the Depositary will not be liable to the Fund, the Manager. the 
Limited Partners or the General Partner under or in connection with the depositary agreement, save to the extent that 
such liability arises as a result of the Depositary's gross negligence, wilful default, fraud, a material breach of the 
depositary agreement or a material breach of applicable law. 
The fees of the Depositary, and any costs associated with the appointment of the Depositary, will constitute expenses of 
the Fund. 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082675 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228859 
EFTA01383066

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383067.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
In connection with any acquisition or beneficial ownership by the Fund of more than 5% of any class of the equity 
securities of a company registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. as amended (the 'Exchange Act), 
the Fund may be required to make certain filings with the SEC. Generally, these filings require disclosure of the identity 
and background of the purchaser, the source and amount of funds used to acquire the securities, the purpose of the 
transaction, the purchaser's interest in the securities, and any contracts, arrangements or undertakings regarding the 
securities. In certain circumstances. the Fund may be required to aggregate its investment position in a given portfolio 
company with the beneficial ownership of that company's securities by or on behalf of the General Partner or the 
Manager and their respective affiliates, which could require the Fund, together with such other parties, to make certain 
disclosure filings or otherwise restrict the Fund's activities with respect to such portfolio company securities. 
Also, if the Fund becomes the beneficial owner of more than 10% of any class of the equity securities of a company 
registered under the Exchange Act or places a director on the board of directors of such a company, the Fund may be 
subject to certain additional reporting requirements and to liability for short-swing profits under Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act. The Fund intends to manage its investments so as to avoid the short-swing profit liability provisions of 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
It is anticipated that the Fund, being an entity organized outside the U.S. and not intending to make a public offering of its 
securities in the U.S., will not be required to register under the Investment Company Act. In order to ensure that the 
Fund will not be subject to the registration requirements of the Investment Company Act, the Fund will rely on the 
exemptions contained in the Investment Company Act, including but not limited to Section 3(c)(7) thereof. Section 
3(c)(7) excludes from the definition of investment company issuers whose outstanding securities are owned exclusively 
by 'qualified purchasers,' as defined under the Investment Company Act. Section 3(c)(7) has been interpreted by the 
staff of the SEC in respect of a non-U.S. fund, such as the Fund, to require that only the U.S. Investors therein must be 
qualified purchasers. The Fund will obtain appropriate representations and undertakings from U.S. Investors to ensure 
that the conditions of these exemptions are met. 
Offers and sales of Interests will therefore only be offered (i) outside the U.S. to Investors other than U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) and U.S. residents in offshore transactions that meet the requirements 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act (an 'Eligible Non-U.S. Investor) or (ii) to Investors whose participation would 
not require the Fund to register as an investment company pursuant to Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act 
(an -Eligible U.S. Investor) (Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. together. "Eligible Investors"). 
Offers to purchase, and subsequent transfers of Interests, will be subject to certain restrictions, and an Investor's ability 
to resell its Interest may therefore be limited. Sales and transfers that would require the Fund to be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act will be void ab inaio and will not be honored by the Manager. 
The Manager has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder of an interest held by or on behalf of a U.S. 
person who is not an Eligible U.S. Investor at the time it purchases such Interest, to require the transfer of such Interests, 
in whole or in part, to an Eligible Investor in order to permit the Fund to avoid registration under the Investment Company 
Act. 
U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 
The Manager is not registered as an investment adviser under the U.S. Advisers Act of 1940 (the 'Advisers Act"). The 
Manager expects that the U.S. Adviser will be a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act; how ever. under 
applicable guidance from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'SEC"), only certain provisions of the Advisers 
Act will apply to the Manager's and the U.S. Adviser's relationship with the Fund since the Fund is not expected to be a 
"United States person" (as such term is defined under the Advisers Act). Registration as an investment adviser under the 
Advisers Act by the U.S. Adviser does not imply any specific level of skill or training nor does it imply any endorsement. 
approval or certification of the U.S. Adviser by the SEC. 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082677 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228861 
EFTA01383067

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383068.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383068.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 
Each of the Manager and the General Partner is exempt from registration with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC) and is not registered with the CFTC as a commodity pool operator ("CPO"), pursuant to an 
exemption under CFTC Regulation Section 4.13(a)(3) for pools (a) whose interests are exempt from registration under 
the Securities Act and are offered and sold without marketing to the public in the U.S., (b) whose participants are limited 
to accredited investors and (c) whose investments in commodity interest positions are limited such that either (1) the 
aggregate initial margin, premiums, and required minimum deposit for retail forex transactions (as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 5.1(m)) required to establish such positions, determined at the time of the most recently established 
position, does not exceed 5% of the liquidation value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits 
and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into, provided, that, in the case of an option that is in4he-
money at the time of purchase, the in4he-inoney amount as defined in CFTC Regulation Section 190.01(x) may be 
excluded in computing such 5% or (2) an aggregate net notional value of such positions, determined at the time of the 
most recently established position, does not exceed 100% of the liquidation value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into 
account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into. Therefore, unlike a registered 
CPO, neither the General Partner nor the Manager is required to deliver a disclosure document (as defined in the CFTC 
Regulations) and a certified annual report to investors. 
The CFTC does not pass upon the merits of participating in a pool or upon the adequacy or accuracy of an offering 
Memorandum. Consequently. the CFTC has not reviewed or approved this offering or this Memorandum. 
Certain ERISA Considerations 
ERISA governs the investment of the assets of certain employee benefit plans that may be investors in a limited 
partnership. ERISA and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor COOL") under ERISA contain 
provisions that should be considered by fiduciaries of those plans and their legal advisers. 
Fiduciary duty 
In considering an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider their basic fiduciary duty under Section 404 of 
ERISA, which requires them to discharge their investment duties prudently and solely in the interest of the plan 
participants and beneficiaries. 
Before authorizing an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider, among other things: (i) the fiduciary 
standards under ERISA. Oft whether the investment in the Fund satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements 
of ERISA, including whether the investment is prudent in tight of limitations on the marketability of the Interests, (iii) 
whether such fiduciaries have authority to make the investment under the appropriate plan investment policies and 
governing instrument and under Title I of ERISA, and (iv) whether the investment will give rise to a 'prohibited 
transaction' within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as 
amended (the 'Code'). In analyzing the prudence of an investment in the Fund, special attention should be given to the 
DOL regulation on investment duties (29 C.F.R. Section 2550.404a-1). 
Plan assets 
Under ERISA and regulations issued by the DOL, when a plan covered by ERISA acquires an equity interest (such as 
the Interests) in an entity (such as the Fund) that is neither a 'publicly offered security' nor a security issued by an 
investment company registered under the Investment Company Act, the assets of the ERISA plan generally include not 
only such equity interest, but also an undivided interest in each of the underlying assets of such entity, unless it is 
established that: (0 ownership of each class of equity interest in the entity by 'Benefit Plan Investors" (as defined 
below) has a value in the aggregate of less than 25% of the total value of such class of equity interest then outstanding. 
determined on the date of the most recent acquisition of any equity interest in the entity in accordance with the DOL 
regulations as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the -25% Test"), or (ii) the entity is an *operating company,' including 
a 'venture capital operating company." The term Benefit Plan Investor means: (i) an 'employee benefit plan' within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to part 4 of Title I of ERISA, (ii) a `plan, account or arrangement" within 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082678 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228862 
EFTA01383068

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383069.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 9: Cede., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
taxable years beginning on or after January 1. 2018. an audit resulting in an adjustment to any item of the Fund's 
income, gain, loss, deduction or credit (or adjustment of the allocation of any such items among the Partners), and any 
tax (including interest and penalties) attributable to such adjustment. may be determined and collected at the Fund level 
in the year of such adjustment. In that event, under the Fund Partnership Agreement, the Fund will allocate such tax 
among the Partners as determined by the Manager, and each Partner may be required to contribute to the Fund (which 
contribution shall not be treated as an advance and will not reduce such Partner's undrawn Commitment) the amount of 
such tax allocated to it. As a result, a Partner may bear liability for the adjustment in an amount that exceeds the taxes 
that the Partner (or its predecessor in interest) would have paid if the adjustment had been applied at the partner level. 
Alternatively, the Manager may elect to send an adjusted Schedule K-1 to each person who was a Partner in the taxable 
year reviewed on audit (the "Push-Out Election"). In that event, each such person (whether a current or former Partner) 
may elect to pay any resulting tax (including interest and penalties) or. in the case of a person that is itself treated as a 
partnership or other Row-
through vehicle for U.S. federal income tax purposes. such person may further push out the 
adjustment to the next tier of partners. Non-U.S. Investors may be required to file U.S. tax returns as a result of a Push-
Out Election. Under the Push-Out Election, the interest rate for any resulting underpayments of taxes in the case of 
individuals and certain other Partners will be higher than would otherwise be the case. There is some uncertainty 
regarding the interpretation and implementation of these partnership audit procedures. 
No dividends received deduction. Investors that are U.S. corporations will not be eligible for the dividends received 
deduction with respect to dividends received by the Fund (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) from non-U.S. 
corporations. 
Passive foreign investment companies. The Fund may invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in non-
U.S. corporations treated as 'passive foreign investment companies' ("PFICs"). A U.S. Investor's share of certain 
distributions from a PFIC and gain from the disposition by the Fund of an interest in a PFIC or in a Fund Secondary that 
holds an interest in a PFIC could be subject to a substantial interest charge and could be characterized as ordinary 
income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. If a U.S. Investor (or, in the case of a U.S. Fund Secondary, such 
U.S. Fund Secondary) makes a 'qualified electing fund" ("QEF") election with respect to a PFIC, the U.S. Investor would 
in general be required to include in income annually its share of the PFIC's current income and net capital gains (losses 
are not currently deductible), but would avoid the interest charge and ordinary income treatment described above. A QEF 
election may affect the timing, character and amount of income recognized by a U.S. Investor, and in particular may 
result in a U.S. Investor recognizing income subject to tax prior to the receipt by the Fund of any distributable proceeds. 
There can be no assurance that a QEF election will be available with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund directly or 
indirectly invests. U.S. Investors may be required to file an annual report with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund 
invests (including indirectly through a Fund Secondary). 
Controlled foreign corporations. The Fund may invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in non-U.S. 
corporations treated as "controlled foreign corporations* ("CFCs"). A U.S. Investor could have current inclusions of 
certain undistributed income of a CFC under certain circumstances. Furthermore, gain from the disposition by the Fund 
of an interest in a CFC or in a Fund Secondary that holds an interest in a CFC could be characterized as a dividend or 
ordinary income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. 
Certain transactions. The Fund may acquire (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) certain debt obligations, 
preferred stock and other types of investments that generate taxable income to the Investors without a corresponding 
cash distribution. The Fund may engage (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in hedging, foreign currency 
and derivative transactions that may have special timing, character and source rules for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
RestrIcdons on deductibility of expenses and other losses. It is anticipated that the Fund's expenses (including the 
General Partner's Share) generally will be investment expenses treated as miscellaneous itemized deductions, rather 
than trade or business expenses, with the result that any individual who is an Investor (either directly or through an 
Investor that is a partnership or other pass-through entity) will not be permitted to claim a U.S. federal income tax 
deduction for such expenses for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, and thereafter may be limited in his or 
her ability to claim a U.S. federal income tax deduction for such expenses. In the case of investments in entities treated 
as partnerships or as disregarded from their owners for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that are engaged in trade 
or business (*Operating Partnerships"), the 'passive activity loss" rules, the "at-risk' rules and the limitation on "excess 
business losses" could limit the deductibility of losses derived from such investments and the portion of the Fund's 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082680 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228864 
EFTA01383069

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383070.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 9: Cede., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
expenses allocable to such investments. The Fund may deduct organizational expenses rateably over 15 years. or it 
may elect to capitalize such expenses. No deduction is allowed for offering expenses, including placement fees. A non-
corporate taxpayer is not permitted to deduct Investment interest" expense in excess of 'net investment income.' This 
limitation could apply to limit the deductibility of interest paid by a non-corporate Investor on indebtedness incurred to 
finance such investors investment in the Fund or the deductibility of such investor's share of interest expense (if any) of 
the Fund. In addition, deductions for 'business interest' may be subject to further limitations. Deductions and losses 
arising from an investment in the Fund may also be limited or disallowed under other rules. 
Qualified business income deduction. While certain non-corporate Investors may be able to deduct a portion of any 
-qualified business income' arising from certain trades or businesses held by the Fund, which may include investments in 
Operating Partnerships, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, the rules in respect of such deduction are 
uncertain and complex. No assurance can be provided that the Fund will make investments eligible for such deduction 
or, if the Fund does make any such investment, that the Fund will be able to provide information necessary for such 
Investor to benefit from such deduction. 
ERISA plans and other tax-exempt limited partners. Certain organizations generally exempt from U.S. federal 
income tax, including ERISA plans. are subject to the tax on unrelated business taxable income CUB111. UBTI arises 
primarily as income from an unrelated trade or business regularly carried on, income from property as to which there is 
acquisition indebtedness. and certain insurance income received from or attributable to CFCs. It may not be possible to 
net profits and losses arising from unrelated Operating Partnerships for purposes of calculating UBTI. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain investment opportunities, the Fund may make 
investments (such as in Operating Partnerships) that will generate UBTI, including indirectly through Fund Secondaries. 
In addition, the Fund may (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) borrow money within certain limits or acquire 
property as to which there is acquisition indebtedness, including as a result of an investment in a Fund Secondary, which 
may generate UBTI. It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees 
by the Manager or its affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such fees, would be taxed as UBTI 
to tax-exempt Investors. If sufficient interest is indicated by potential tax-exempt Investors, the Fund may offer a 
"blocker structure through which such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
Non-U.S. Investors. Below is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to a non-
resident alien individual or non-U.S. corporation that is considering an investment in the Fund and does not purport to 
address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be applicable to any particular Investor. This 
discussion does not address the tax consequences of investing in the Fund to non-U.S. Investors subject to special rules 
under U.S. federal income tax laws. such as non-U.S. governments, trusts, former U.S. citizens or residents, and 
individual non-U.S. Investors that have a 'tax home' in the U.S. Non-U.S. Investors are urged to consult with their own 
tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. The discussion assumes that a non-U.S. Investor is not and 
will not be engaged in a trade or business within the U.S.. has and will have no U.S. source income, apart from its 
investment in the Fund, and in the case of a non-U.S. individual, has not been (and will not be) present in the U.S. for 
183 days or more in any taxable year. 
Interest, dividends. etc. A non-U.S. Investor is subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at the rate of 30% (or a lower treaty 
rate, if applicable) on its distributive share of any U.S. source interest (subject to certain exemptions), dividends and 
certain other income received by the Fund. 
Effectively connected income. In general, a non-U.S. person that invests in a partnership that is (directly or through 
entities treated as disregarded from their owners or as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes) 'engaged in 
trade or business within the United States' is itself considered to be engaged in trade or business within the U.S. and is 
subject to U.S. federal income tax (including. possibly, in the case of a non-U.S. corporation, the 'branch profits' tax). 
withholding and income tax return filing requirements with respect to its income effectively connected (or treated as 
effectively connected) with the U.S. trade or business c Ecn. A non-U.S. person that fails to file a timely U.S. federal 
income tax return in respect of its Ea may subsequently be precluded from claiming deductions related to the Ea and 
may be subject to interest and penalties. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the and to pursue certain investment opportunities, it may (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) make investments (such as investments in certain Operating Partnerships) that will generate 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082681 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228865 
EFTA01383070

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383071.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383071.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
if certain other events occur. It is also possible that a transaction undertaken by the Fund will be a reportable transaction 
for Investors. Substantial penalties may be imposed on taxpayers who fail to comply with these laws. 
In addition, other tax laws impose substantial excise taxes and additional reporting requirements and penalties on certain 
tax-exempt Investors (and, in some cases, the managers of tax-exempt Investors) that are. directly or in some cases 
indirectly, parties to certain types of reportable transactions. 
Certain U.S. state and local income tax considerations 
The foregoing discussion does not address the U.S. state and local tax consequences of an investment in the Fund. 
Investors may be subject to U.S. state and local taxation, and tax return filing requirements, in the jurisdictions of the 
Fund's activities or investments, particularly in the case of investments in Operating Partnerships. Investors may not 
receive the relevant tax information prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due and may need to file 
for extensions. Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding U.S. state and local tax matters. 
Certain UK tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain UK taxation considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and does not 
purport to address all of the UK taxation considerations that may be applicable to any particular Investor. It is based on 
laws, regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change. 
possibly with retroactive effect. The UK taxation of partnerships and partners is extremely complex, involving, among 
other things, significant issues as to the character, timing of realization and sourcing of gains and losses. Investors 
should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as tax advice, and each Investor is urged to conduct its own due 
diligence, and consult with its professional advisers, with respect to the tax consequences of its investment in the Fund. 
Taxation of the fund. The Fund will be established as an English limited partnership to make private equity and equity 
related investments. The Fund has been structured and is intended to be operated so that it is treated as an investment 
partnership and not as carrying on a trade for UK tax purposes. These characteristics are important to the UK tax 
treatment of the Investors and the Fund. If the Fund conducts business such that it ceases to be one of making 
investments (or if any transaction were to be characterized as a trading rather than as an investment transaction), the tax 
treatment outlined here would not necessarily apply. 
The Fund should be treated for UK tax purposes as a partnership and the following summary is based on that 
assumption. HM Revenue & Customs will not treat the Fund as a separate taxable entity for UK income and capital 
gains tax purposes. Instead. the income and capital gains or losses of the Fund will be treated as those of the Investors 
as and when they arise. For this purpose. HM Revenue & Customs generally regards each Investor as owning a 
fractional share of each of the Fund's underlying assets in a way which reflects the Investors profit-sharing ratio. Where 
a Fund Secondary Investment or GP-led Secondary Investment is itself treated as tax transparent for UK tax purposes 
(as in the case of a partnership), HM Revenue & Customs will generally look through that investment to its underlying 
assets. 
Each Investor will be solely responsible for paying the tax due on its own share of the Fund's income and gains. 
Investors will be required to include their share of such income and gains in their own tax returns. The Fund may be 
required to complete and file a partnership return to aid the assessment of the Investors. Any Investor may be required 
to provide such information as may reasonably be required to facilitate the assessment to income tax or corporation tax 
of any Investor liable to be so assessed. 
Investors who are not resident in the UK and who hold their Interest as part of a trade (e.g.. financial traders. such as 
banks), may be treated as carrying on that part of that trade in the UK through a UK representative. which can be 
assessed to UK tax on the profits of such Investor. In those circumstances. the General Partner will be entitled to retain 
an amount equal to the Investors liability to UK corporation tax or income tax and to submit such amounts to HM 
Revenue & Customs. 
It is likely that the Fund will be required to lodge an annual partnership tax return with HM Revenue & Customs although 
no tax should be payable by the Fund itself on any income or gain reported in such tax return. In order to lodge a tax 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082683 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228867 
EFTA01383071

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383072.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383072.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
return correctly and validly. HM Revenue & Customs may require the Fund to disclose the identity of each Investor and 
may also require the Fund to include in its tax return a unique taxpayer reference ('UTR') number for certain Investors. 
Prospective investors should. therefore, be aware that an investment in the Fund may result in them being required to (a) 
obtain a UTR from HM Revenue 8 Customs or (b) provide the General Partner with the authority to obtain such a UTR 
for them on their behalf, and that, in either of these cases, the Fund may be required to disclose their identity and include 
their UTR in its tax returns.
Taxation of UK resident Investors. 
Income. Income arising directly to the Fund will be treated for UK tax purposes as income arising to each Investor in the 
proportions in which that income is shared by the Investors in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. UK resident Investors will in general be chargeable to UK tax on the gross amount of their share of that 
income. Corporate partners may be able to obtain relief for corporation tax purposes for their share of certain of the 
management expenses of the Fund. 
Investors subject to corporation tax may be exempt from corporation tax on some or all dividends arising to the Fund 
from UK and non-UK companies depending, in each case, on whether the detailed conditions for dividend exemption are 
met. Other UK resident Investors will normally be subject to income tax on dividends arising to the Fund in accordance 
with the UK tax rules applicable to dividends. 
UK resident Investors who are individuals should generally be entitled to a £5,000 tax-free dividend allowance on the net 
dividends paid by UK and (in certain cases) non-UK companies and received directly or indirectly by the Investor in 
respect of the Funds investments. Amounts above the allowance are subject to UK income tax at the relevant dividend 
rates. The tax-free dividend allowance will reduce from £5.000 to £2.000 from April 6, 2018. 
UK resident Investors should generally be entitled to a tax credit of 20% for any income tax deducted at source from 
interest income arising in the UK (e g., debenture interest) received directly or indirectly by the Fund in respect of 
investments. 
UK resident Investors may be able to claim a credit against their UK tax liability for foreign tax paid on their share of 
income from investments, or they may be able to reclaim all or part of any such foreign tax deducted at source if the 
foreign tax arises in a jurisdiction with which the UK has concluded an appropriate double tax treaty. 
Capital gains. Each Investor will generally be treated for the purposes of UK tax on chargeable gains as having a share 
in each of the assets of the Fund. The share of each Investor should be its interest in the assets determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Upon the Fund disposing of an asset to a third party, each Investor will be treated as disposing of its share in that asset. 
Subject to the offshore fund rules outlined below, any gain or loss arising on that disposal should be treated for UK tax 
purposes as a capital gain or loss and each Investor's share of any disposal proceeds realized on such disposal should 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Investors' base cost in underlying assets which may be used to set against any disposal proceeds on a disposal of 
underlying assets. may be lower than the amount they have funded to acquire such assets (although they may, in certain 
circumstances, be able to make a claim for relief which would mitigate this effect) and there can be no assurance that 
Partners who are subject to tax on the allocated gain or income will receive distributions sufficient to fully satisfy their tax 
liabilities. In certain circumstances, a gain may be allocated to an Investor without any corresponding cash distribution 
being made to that Investor. 
On a pro rata distribution in specie of Fund assets among the Investors. there will be no immediate charge to UK tax. 
Instead, the capital gains tax base cost of each Investor in each of the assets will, for the purposes of computing any 
gain or loss on a subsequent disposal or part-disposal of the asset, be the market value of the asset at the date of 
distribution, reduced by the notional gain which would have arisen if the asset had been disposed of to a third party at its 
market value at the date of distribution. The same principles will be applied where the computation results in a loss. If 
the distribution in specie is not done on a pro rata basis, different considerations and tax treatments may apply. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009 (together the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082684 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228868 
EFTA01383072

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383073.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383073.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 9: Cedar Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
'Offshore Fund Rules) may apply to an investment made by the Fund in an 'offshore fund.' The Fund itself will not 
constitute an offshore fund for these purposes, although it is possible that the Fund may hold or acquire investments 
which are offshore funds for such purposes. In such cases, all or part of an Investor's distributions attributable to any 
gain made by the Fund on the disposal of an investment may be treated as income, rather than capital gains, for UK tax 
purposes, depending on the circumstances and the status of the investment as a 'reporting fund" or 'non-reporting fund' 
for the purposes of the Offshore Fund Rules. 
UK resident individuals. Investors who are UK resident or ordinarily resident individuals should note that, in certain 
circumstances, gains of non-UK resident companies in which the Fund has made an investment may be treated as 
accruing to such individual Investors. 
UK resident companies. 
Investments in non-UK companies. Investors who are UK resident companies should note that investments in non-UK 
resident companies may be 'controlled foreign companies' for UK tax purposes. The profits of a controlled foreign 
company can in certain circumstances be apportioned to UK resident companies and corporation tax charged thereon. It 
is unlikely that an apportionment of the relevant proportion of the investee company's profits would be made against an 
Investor which is a UK resident company as the circumstances in which an apportionment can be made should not be 
present. 
Unrealized gains or losses. Investors subject to UK corporation tax may be treated for UK corporation tax purposes as 
realizing profits, gains or losses in respect of certain assets. including those which are subject to the 'loan relationship' 
rules in Part 5 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009. generally on a basis reflecting the treatment in its statutory accounts, 
although in some cases on a mandatory mark-to-market basis. These profits, gains or losses will be taken into account in 
computing income for UK corporation tax purposes. M Investor's actual share in the return from these types of 
investments will not necessarily be the same as the amounts on which the Investor was taxed under these rules. 
Pension funds and other exempt bodies. Investors who are exempt from UK tax on income or gains should not be 
charged UK tax on income or gains made by the Fund. 
UK taxation of non-UK resident investors. 
Income. Non-UK resident Investors should generally not be liable to UK tax on income from UK investments held directly 
or indirectly by the Fund, except to the extent that UK tax is deducted from such income at source. Interest income 
received from UK sources is generally subject to a withholding tax of 20%. Certain Investors may. however, be able to 
reclaim UK income tax deducted at source from interest payments made by UK resident investee companies and 
beneficially owned by them if such Investors are resident in a country with which the UK has concluded an appropriate 
double tax treaty and they are not otherwise carrying on a trade in the UK. 
In the case of an Investor who is an individual who is or has been a UK resident and who re-acquires UK residence on a 
retum to the UK after a period of five years or less of non-UK residence, certain types of income (including, for example, 
dividends arising to the Fund from a UK company) that arise during such an Investor's period of non-residence may be 
treated as arising to him in the period he reacquires residence in the UK and subject to income tax on that basis. 
Capital. Investors who are neither resident nor domiciled in the UK will not normally be liable to UK tax on gains made 
by the Fund. Such gains may. however, be liable to UK tax in the hands of an individual Investor on returning to the UK 
after an absence of up to five years, if realized during the period of absence. 
The above comments do not address the position of a non-UK resident who holds his or her Interest for the purpose of a 
financial trade. whether carried on within or outside the UK. to whom different UK tax considerations apply. 
Inheritance tax. A limited partnership interest in an English limited partnership carrying on business in the UK is 
regarded as an asset located in the UK for the purposes of inheritance tax. This means that on the death of an Investor, 
inheritance tax could be payable. Inheritance tax could also be payable in relation to an Interest held on trust, for 
example, on the death of a beneficiary of an interest in possession trust or, in the case of a discretionary trust, the 
distribution of all or any part of an Interest from the trust or on the trust's ten year anniversaries. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082685 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228869 
EFTA01383073

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383074.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383074.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 9: Cede." Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
FATCA and other International disclosure regimes. 
Foreign account tax compliance. Under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act provisions of the Code and related 
U.S. Treasury guidance (-FATCA"). a withholding tax of 30% will be imposed in certain circumstances on (i) payments of 
certain U.S. source income (including interest and dividends) and gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition after 
December 31, 2018, of property that can produce U.S. source interest or dividends ("withholdable payments") and 
(ii) payments made after December 31.2018 (or. if later, the date on which the final U.S. Treasury regulations that define 
"foreign passthru payments' are published) by certain foreign financial institutions (such as barks, brokers, investment 
funds or certain holding companies) ("FFIs") that are "attributable" to withholdable payments ("foreign passthru 
payments"). It is uncertain at present when payments will be treated as "attributable" to withholdable payments. 
The United Kingdom and the United States have entered into a Model 1 intergovernmental agreement (the "U.S. !GA') 
relating to FATCA and the United Kingdom has brought into law regulations to implement the provisions of the U.S. IGA 
(such regulations and any future implementing laws, rules or regulations, the 'UK FATCA Legislation"). The Fund will 
be required to comply with the UK FATCA Legislation, which will require the Fund to undertake certain verification, due 
diligence and other procedures and to report to HMRC certain information about the Fund's Investors and certain U.S. 
persons that indirectly hold an interest in the Fund through a non-U.S. Investor. HMRC will provide this information to the 
IRS. So long as the Fund complies with the UK FATCA Legislation, FATCA withholding generally will not be imposed on 
payments made to the Fund, or on an Investor's share (whether or not distributed) of such payments, except in each 
case with respect to an Investor that (i) does not certify its FATCA status to the Fund, (ii) is an FFI that has not entered 
into an agreement with the United States to comply with FATCA and is not subject to similar requirements under 
applicable non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an intergovernmental agreement, or (iii) is a non-U.S. entity that is 
not an FFI and has not identified (when so required) any 'substantial' U.S. owners (generally, any specified U.S. person 
that directly or indirectly owns more than a specified percentage of such entity) and, in each case, that does not 
otherwise establish an exemption from FATCA withholding (any Investor described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, a 
"Noncompliant Investor). 
Under the Fund Partnership Agreement, an Investor will be required to provide such information and documentation and 
comply with such procedures as are required for the Fund or any related entity to comply with any requirements relating 
to FATCA, including the U.S. IGA, the UK FATCA Legislation, and any other non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an 
intergovernmental agreement. The failure of an Investor to comply with these requirements may result in adverse 
consequences to such Investor pursuant to the Fund Partnership Agreement, including, possibly, the transfer of such 
Investor's interest in the Fund to a person selected by the General Partner for whatever consideration could be obtained 
for such interest. 
FATCA may also apply to certain non-U.S. entities held by or affiliated with the Fund. 
Although the application of FATCA to a sale or other disposition of an Interest is unclear, it is possible that the gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition by a Noncompliant Investor of an Interest may be subject to tax under 
FATCA 
Each Investor should consult its own tax adviser regarding the application of FATCA to an investment in the Fund. 
Common Reporting Standard and other international disclosure regimes. In addition to FATCA, the Fund will be 
subject to reporting regimes implemented by jurisdictions outside of the United States (including the United Kingdom). 
Such reporting regimes will include the OECD's Common Reporting Standard on the Automatic Exchange of Tax 
Information regarding mandatory automatic exchange of tax information. Such reporting regimes may require the Fund 
to report to an applicable government authority information about (i) each Investor in the Fund, (ii) certain persons that 
indirectly hold, or who control, an interest in the Fund through an Investor, and (iii) account information regarding such 
persons. An Investor will be required to provide the General Partner with any tax documentation or other information as 
required for the Fund to comply with any such reporting regimes. 
Certain other tax considerations 
The Fund may be subject to withholding and other taxes imposed by, and Investors may be subject to taxation and 
reporting requirements in, the jurisdictions of the Fund's activities or investments. Tax conventions between such 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082686 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228870 
EFTA01383074

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383075.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383075.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
countries and the jurisdiction in which an Investor is a resident may reduce or eliminate certain of these taxes Taxable 
Investors may be entitled to claim foreign tax credits or deductions with respect to such taxes, subject to applicable 
limitations.
Withholding taxes 
The Fund will withhold and pay over any withholding taxes required to be withheld with respect to any Investor and will 
treat such withholding as a payment to such Investor. Such payment will be treated as a distribution to the extent that 
the Investor is then entitled to receive a cash drstnbution. To the extent that such payment exceeds the amount of any 
cash distribution to which such Investor is then entitled, such Investor shall be required to make prompt payment to the 
Fund. Similar provisions would apply in the case of taxes withheld from a distribution to the Fund. 
Certain tax considerations for alternative investment vehicles 
The foregoing discussion generally does not address the tax consequences of an investment made through an 
alternative investment vehicle The tax consequences in the case of an alternative investment vehicle may be different 
from those described above. Each Investor is urged to consult its own tax adviser regarding an investment in an 
alternative investment vehicle 
Conlidentral Prrvato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082687 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228871 
EFTA01383075

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383076.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
NOTICES TO CERTAIN INVESTORS 
The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. This Memorandum does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer to sell or the solicitation 
of an offer to buy Interests to any person in any jurisdiction to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of any Investor to satisfy itself as to full compliance with the applicable laws and 
regulations of any relevant jurisdiction in connection with the acquisition. holding and disposition of an Interest. including 
obtaining any governmental or other consent and observing any other formality prescribed in such junsdiction. This 
Memorandum does not constitute an offer of the Interests to the public and no action has been or will be taken to permit 
a public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that purpose. This Memorandum may not be 
distributed in any jurisdiction except in accordance with the legal requirements applicable in such jurisdiction. 
To the extent any of the confidentiality provisions contained in some legends below impose greater confidentiality 
restrictions than those already imposed herein, such additional confidentiality provisions shall be interpreted to apply only 
to the extent that such provisions are reasonably necessary to comply with the securities laws of the applicable 
jurisdiction. In the event that the legend below applicable to an investor or prospective investor does not contain any 
specific confidentiality provision, such investor or prospective investor may not reproduce or distribute this Memorandum 
or any materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the Interests, in whole or in part, or disclose 
any of their contents. where such disclosure would violate the securities laws of the applicable jurisdiction. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
For the purposes of the AIFMD. the Fund will constitute an EU AIF whose AIFM is the Manager, itself an EU AIF M. 
Except as provided below in respect of the specific member states listed, this Memorandum and any other documents or 
materials related to the offer or sale. or invitation for subscription or purchase. of the Interests. shall only be distributed to 
prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member state of the European Economic Area that 
are 'professional investors". For these purposes, a -professional investor' is a person who is considered to be a 
professional client or who may. on request. be treated as a professional client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 
2004/39/EC. 
Denmark 
This Memorandum may only be distributed and marketing may only take place (in Denmark) if the AIF has been 
passported into Denmark under the applicable provisions of AIFMD. 
Finland 
The Interests will be offered in Finland exclusively to investors qualifying as 'professional clients" (Fi: ammattimainen 
asiakas) as defined in the Finnish Act on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Fi: laki vaihtoehtorahastojen hoitejista, 
162/2014, as amended, the "AFMA). Accordingly, prospective investors should acknowledge that this Memorandum is 
not a prospectus within the meaning set forth in the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Fi: 
anmpaperimarkkinalekr 
746/2012. as amended, the "SMA"). The Fund has been notified for marketing to professional clients in Finland to the 
Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Fi: Finanssivalvonta, the 'FIN-FSA") in accordance with the AMA. If the 
Interests were to be construed as "securities' as defined in the SMA. based on the exemptions set forth in the SMA. the 
offering of the Interests would be exempted from the prospectus requirements of the SMA. Prospective investors should 
also note that neither the Manager nor any of its affiliates is an investment firm (Fi: sijoituspelveluyritys) as meant in the 
Finnish Investment Services Act (Fi: sijoituspalvelulaki. 747/2012. as amended) and they are not subject to the 
supervision of the FIN-FSA. This Memorandum has been prepared for private information purposes only and it may not 
be used for, and shall not be deemed, a public offering of the Interests. This Memorandum is strictly for private use by its 
holder and may not be passed on to third parties or otherwise distributed publicly. 
Germany 
The Interests may be marketed in Germany to professional investors (as defined above in the LEA standard securities 
legend) as well as to "semi-professional investors' but not to 'private investors" (each as defined in the German Capital 
Conlidennal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082690 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228874 
EFTA01383076

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383077.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383077.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Investment Act (Kapdatan/agegesetzbuch)) 
The Netherlands 
The Interests in the Fund described in this Memorandum will not, directly or indirectly, be offered, sold, transferred or 
delivered in the Netherlands, except to or by individuals or entities that are professional investors (professionele 
beteggers) within the meaning of Article 1.1 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht (or 
"Wft")). 
Neither the Manager (beheerder) nor the Fund are subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for fund 
managers or investment institutions contained in the Wft, but the Manager is subject to the regulatory requirements 
pursuant to the rules and regulations of its home state. 
Sweden 
This Memorandum has not been nor will it be registered with or approved by Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authonty). Accordingly, this Memorandum may not be made available. nor may the Interests in the Fund 
offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in Sweden, other than under circumstances which are deemed not to 
require a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (1991:980) (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel 
med finansiella instrument). The Manager is marketing Interests in the Fund in Sweden on the basis of the passport 
regime under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). This Memorandum 
will not be made available, nor will the Interests in the Fund offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in 
Sweden, to investors not qualifying as professional investors under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative 
Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). 
United Kingdom 
The Fund is an AIF for the purposes of the UK Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013. as amended 
(the 'AIFMD Regulations"). The Manager is a full-scope UK AIFM for the purposes of the AIFMD Regulations and is 
regulated by the FCA for this purpose. 
Accordingly, the marketing of the Fund to prospective investors in the United Kingdom by or on behalf of the Manager is 
prohibited unless carried on in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
The marketing of the Fund to professional investors in the United Kingdom by the Manager has been approved by the 
FCA in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
This Memorandum is not an approved prospectus for the purposes of Section 85 of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ('FSMA'). 
AUSTRALIA 
The Interests are only being offered in circumstances under which no disclosure is required under the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth) (the 'Corporations Act"). My offer of the Interests does not purport to be an offer of the Interests in 
circumstances under which disclosure is required under the Corporations Act and will only be made to persons who 
qualify as a 'wholesale client'. a 'sophisticated investor or a 'professional investor (in each case, as defined in the 
Corporations Act). The Fund is not required to be registered in Australia as a managed investment scheme. This 
Memorandum will not be. and is not required to be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
Any offer will be made. and any financial services in connection with the interests will be provided. in Australia by THE 
Manager or its representatives. The Manager is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services 
license in respect of the financial services being provided by it. The Manager is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority under United Kingdom laws, which differ from Australian laws. 
BAHRAIN 
This Memorandum has not been reviewed by, registered with or filed with the Central Bank of Bahrain. 
This 
Memorandum may not be circulated within the Kingdom of Bahrain. the Interests may not be offered for subscription or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and no invitation or offer to subscribe for the Interests may be made, to persons in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain. The Central Bank of Bahrain is not responsible for the performance of the Fund or its sponsor. 
Conlidentral Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082691 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228875 
EFTA01383077

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383078.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383078.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
BRAZIL 
This offering is not a public offering of securities for the purposes of the applicable Brazilian regulations and has 
therefore not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission (Comisseo de Valores Mobiherbs) 
or any other government authority in Brazil. All information contained herein is confidential and is for the exclusive use 
and review of the intended addressee of this Memorandum, and may not be passed on to any third party. 
BRUNEI 
This Memorandum is a private placement memorandum and. as such, it is not and shall not be construed as an offer to 
sell or an 'Station or solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for any Interests to the public or any class or section 
thereof in Brunei Darussalam and is for information purposes only. This Memorandum, and any other document, 
circular. notice or other materials issued in connection therewith. shall not be distributed or redistributed, published or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, to, and shall not be relied upon or used by. the public or any member of the public in 
Brunei Darussalam. All offers, acceptances subscriptions, sales. and allotments of the Interests or any part thereof shall 
be made outside Brunei Darussalam. This Memorandum and the Interests have not been delivered to. registered with. 
or licensed or approved by the Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. the authority designated under the Securities 
Markets Order. 2013 or by any other government agency, or under any other law, in Brunei Darussalam. Nothing in this 
Memorandum shall constitute legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. The recipient should independently evaluate 
any specific investment in consultation with professional advisors in law. tax, accounting and investments. 
CANADA 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a Limited Partner with remedies for 
rescission or damages if the offering memorandum (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the Limited Partner within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province or territory. The Limited Partner should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal adviser. The Interests may be sold only to Limited Partners purchasing. or deemed to be 
purchasing, the Interests as a principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 733(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements. Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. My resale of 
the securities must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable Canadian provincial securities laws. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Interests. 
CHILE 
Neither the Fund nor the Interests are registered in the Registry of Offshore Securities (el Registry de Valores 
Extrarryeros) or subject to the supervision of the Securities and Insurance Supervisory Authority of Chile (la 
Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile). This Memorandum and other offering materials relating to the offer of 
the Interests do not constitute a public offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the Interests in the Republic 
of Chile. other than to individually identified Investors pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of Article 4 of the 
Chilean Securities Act Oa Ley del Mercado de Vebres) (an offer that is not 'addressed to the public at large or to a 
certain sector or specific group of the public"). 
CHINA 
This Memorandum does not constitute a public offer of the Interests. whether by way of sale or subscription in the 
People's Republic of China (the "PRC"). Restrictions exist on the offering, distribution, transfer and resale of the 
Interests within the PRC. and the Interests may not be offered, distributed or resold to the public in the PRC. or for the 
benefit of legal or natural persons in the PRC. without compliance with PRC law or prior approval from the PRC 
regulatory authorities. For the purposes of this paragraph, the PRC does not include Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. 
COLOMBIA 
This Memorandum does not constitute an invitation to invest or a public otter in the Republic of Colombia and is not 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082692 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228876 
EFTA01383078

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383079.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383079.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
governed by Colombian law. The Interests have not been and will not be registered with the National Register of 
Securities and Issuers (e/ Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) maintained by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Colombia (fa Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) and will not be listed on the Colombian Stock Exchange 
(la Bolsa de Valores de Colombia). The Interests are being offered under circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering of securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. The offer of the Interests is addressed 
to fewer than one hundred specifically identified investors. Accordingly, the Interests may not be marketed, offered, sold 
or negotiated in Colombia. except under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under 
applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. This Memorandum is provided at the request of the addressee for 
information purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. The Interests may not be promoted or marketed in 
Colombia or to Colombian residents unless such promotion and marketing is carried out in compliance with Decree 2555 
of 2010 and other applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of foreign financial and securities related 
products or services in Colombia. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge that the Interests (i) are not financial products. (ii) are transferable only in 
accordance with the terms of the Fund's constitutional documents and (ii) do not offer any principal protection. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge Colombian laws and regulations (in particular, foreign exchange, securities 
and tax regulations) applicable to any transaction or investment consummated in connection with an investment in the 
Fund, and represent that they are the sole liable party for full compliance with any such laws and regulations. In addition. 
Colombian investors acknowledge and agree that the Fund will not have any responsibility, liability or obligation in 
connection with any consent, approval, filing, proceeding, authorization or permission required by the investor or any 
actions taken or to be taken by the investor in connection with the offer, sale or delivery of the Interests under Colombian 
law. 
DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum, the offering and the Interests relate to the Fund. which is a foreign investment fund. The Fund is 
not subject to any form of regulation by the Dubai International Financial Centre (the -DIFC") or the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the -DFSA"). None of the Fund, this Memorandum, the offering or the Interests have been approved. 
registered, recognized or licensed by the DIFC or the DFSA. 
Neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has any responsibility for reviewing or verifying this Memorandum or any other 
memorandum, document or information relating to the Fund. Accordingly, neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has approved 
this Memorandum or any other related document or taken any steps to verify the information set out in this Memorandum 
and has no responsibility for it. 
The Interests may be illiquid and subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the Interests should 
conduct their own due diligence on the Interests. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
This Memorandum is intended only for prospective investors who: (a) are Professional Clients' for the purposes of, and 
as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook and (b) can make a mirimum subscription of at least USS50.000 as specified in the 
DIFC Collective Investment Law and the DIFC Collective Investment Rules, and must not therefore be delivered to, or 
relied on by (i) a potential investor who is a 'Retail Client' for the purposes of, and as defined in. the DFSA Rulebook, or 
(ii) a Professional Client not able to make such minimum subscription. 
Conlidentral Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082693 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228877 
EFTA01383079

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383080.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383080.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
GUERNSEY 
This Memorandum has not been approved or authorized by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission (the 
"Commission) or the States of Guernsey Policy Council, nor has it been delivered to the Commission pursuant to the 
Prospectus Rules 2008 issued under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law. 1987. and therefore this 
Memorandum may not be circulated by way of pubic offer in the Bailiwick of Guernsey. 
HAITI 
This Memorandum is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this Memorandum is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests is being made in Haiti and no agreement relating to the sale 
of the Interests will be concluded in Haiti. 
HONG KONG 
This confidential Memorandum has not been approved by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of this Memorandum or any other 
document other than to 'professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the 
Laws of Hong Kong) or in other circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public for the purposes of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
This Memorandum is delivered only to the intended recipient thereof solely for the purpose of evaluating a possible 
investment in the Fund, and may not be used, copied, reproduced or distributed, in whole or in part, to any other person 
(other than professional advisers of such recipient). Subscriptions will not be accepted from any person other than the 
person to whom this Memorandum has been delivered. 
ISRAEL 
This Memorandum shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Interests in the State of 
Israel. This Memorandum is not intended to be issued to persons other than to individuals and/or corporations of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of. and the First Schedule to. the Israeli Securities Law, 1968. as amended from 
time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the 'Israeli Securities Law". 
In making an investment decision, Limited Partners must rely on their own examination of the Fund and the terms of the 
offering. including the merits and risks involved. The Interests have not been recommended by the Israeli Securities 
Authority or the regulatory authority of any other jurisdiction. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed 
the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. For the avoidance of any doubt no investment advice is 
being given to the Limited Partners by the Fund or its representatives under the Israeli Investment Advising, Investment 
Marketing and Investment Portfolio Management Law, 1995 (the -Israeli Investment Advising Law-). In marketing, the 
personal circumstances, investment objectives and requirements of a Limited Partner have not and will not be 
considered. The Fund and its representatives are not licensed under the laws of the State of Israel as investment 
adviser or investment marketer. 
The offer and sale of the Interests will not be registered under the Israeli Securities Law. Prior to the purchase of any 
Interests. a prospective investor may be required to represent to the Fund that it is an individual and/or corporation of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the Israeli Securities Law, or may otherwise be 
required to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Fund that the offer and sale of Interests to such prospective investor 
would not give rise to circumstances which would constitute an offer or sale to the public within the meaning of the Israeli 
Securities Law. 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as legal, tax. financial or investment advice. 
Each prospective investor should consult its own professional advisers as to the legal, tax. financial or other matters 
relevant to the suitability of an investment by such prospective investor in the Fund. The Interests are subject to 
restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except in accordance with the requirements 
and conditions set forth in this Memorandum. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to bear the 
financial risks of their investment for an extended period of time. 
JAPAN 
No registration pursuant to article 4. paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the 'FIEL") 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082694 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228878 
EFTA01383080

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383081.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383081.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
has been made or will be made with respect to the solicitation of the application for the acquisition of the Interests, on the 
grounds that the Interests are securities set forth in article 2, paragraph 2, item 6 of the FIEL and the small number 
private placement exemption for such securities applies to such solicitation since it does not fall under the category set 
forth in article 2. paragraph 3. item 3 of the FIEL. 
No Interests shall be sold in Japan unless at least one qualified institutional investor (a -011") as defined in article 2. 
paragraph 3. item 1 of the FIEL and article 10 of the cabinet order regarding definitions under article 2 of the FIEL 
acquires the Interests. No Interest shall be sold to, or held by, persons other than (i) Oils or (in persons listed in article 
17-12, paragraph 1 of the Order for Enforcement of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law ('Qualified 
The number of Qualified Non-Qlls in Japan shall not exceed 49. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any person set 
forth in article 63, paragraph 1, item 1, sub-items (i) to (iii) of the FIEL. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any 
person where a sale or a transfer of Interests to the person triggers article 234-2, paragraph 2. item 1 or 2 of the Cabinet 
Office Ordinance regarding Financial Instruments Business, etc., whereby the General Partner of the Fund is unable to 
rely on the exemption set forth in article 63 of the FIEL. 
No transfer of the Interests acquired by a QV may be made to persons other than Oils. No transfer of the Interests 
acquired by a Qualified Non-OIl in Japan may be made except for the transfer by such person of its entire Interests to 
only one person. 
The General Partner has an intention to rely on the exemption of Specially Permitted Businesses for Qualified 
Institutional Investors. etc. set forth in article 63 of the FIEL (so-called, the "OH-targeted fund exemption"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may withdraw the QII-targeted fund exemption any time, and may 
rely on other available exemptions under the FIEL. 
This Memorandum is confidential and is intended solely for the use of its recipient. Any duplication or redistribution of 
this Memorandum is prohibited. The recipient of this Memorandum, by accepting delivery thereof, agrees to return it and 
all related documents to the Fund or its placement agent if the recipient elects not to purchase any of the Interests 
offered hereby or if requested earlier by the Fund or its placement agent. Neither the return of the principal amount 
invested nor the distribution of profit from the investment is guaranteed. An investment in the Interests involves certain 
risks of loss caused by fluctuation of interest rates, currency and other market factors, or the credit risk of the 
counterparties or relevant parties thereof. Prospective investors should read the terms of the investment carefully, in 
particular those relating to limitations on the period in which rights relating to such investment may be exercised. 
In Japan. this Memorandum is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) Limited (-CSJL'), a registered Financial 
Instruments Firm (Director-General of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 66). CSJL is a member of Japan 
Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association and 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
KUWAIT 
This Memorandum Is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The Interests have not been licensed for 
offering in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other relevant Kuwaiti government agency. 
The offering of the Interests In Kuwait on the basis a private placement or public offering is, therefore, restricted 
In accordance with Law No. 7 o12010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended). No private or public offering of the 
Interests is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of the Interests will be concluded in 
Kuwait. No marketing, solicitation or inducement activities are being used to offer or market the interests in 
Kuwait. 
MEXICO 
Any prospective Investor must be either an institutional investor (inversionista institutional) or a qualified investor 
(inversionista caliticado) within the meaning of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores) (the 
-Securities Market law") and other applicable Mexican laws in effect. 
The Interests have not and will not be registered in the National Registry of Securities (Registro Nacional de Valores) 
maintained by the Mexican Banking and Securities Commission (Cornish:in Nacional Bancaria y de Valores). The 
Interests may not be offered or sold in the United Mexican States by any means except in circumstances which 
constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its reputation. No Mexican regulatory 
authority has approved or disapproved the Interests or passed on the solvency of the Fund. All applicable provisions of 
the Securities Market Law must be complied with in respect of any sale, offer or distribution of, or intermediation in 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082695 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228879 
EFTA01383081

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383082.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
respect of. the Interests in, from or otherwise involving Mexico. and any resale of the Interests within Mexican territory 
must be made in a manner that will constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its 
regulations. 
MONACO 
The recipient acknowledges having full command of English and waives all claims on grounds of language 
misunderstanding in this document. 
Le destineteire du present document reconnair avoir une parfaits maitrise de lenglais et renonce a tout recours Londe 
sur one mauvaise comprehension de la langue utilisee dans ce document. 
NEW ZEALAND 
The Manager does not intend that the Interests be offered for sale or subscription under a regulated offer in New Zealand 
in terms of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (or any statutory modification or re•enactment of. or 
statutory substitution for, that Act) CFMC Act'). Accordingly: 
(i) 
no product disclosure statement has been prepared or will be registered; and 
(ii) 
the Interests have not been and may not be offered or sold to any person in New Zealand other than 
'Wholesale investors' as that term is defined in clause 3(2) of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act, being a 
person that: 
(a) 
is an Investment business": 
(b) 
meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act 
(c) 
is large': or 
(d) 
is a government agency, 
in each case, as defined in Schedule 1 of the FMC Act. 
No action has been taken by the Manager which would permit an offer of the Interests. or possession or distribution of 
any offering material, to any person other than as specified in (ii)(a) through (d) above. No Investor shall directly or 
indirectly offer, sell or deliver any Interests, or distribute this Memorandum or any advertisement in relation to any offer of 
the Interests. in New Zealand, other than to persons specified in (ii)(a) through (d) above. 
OMAN 
The information contained in this Memorandum is confidential and for your information only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of action. You should consult with an appropriate 
professional for specific advice rendered on the basis of your situation. This Memorandum neither constitutes an offer of 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74 
as amended) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98 as amended), nor does it constitute the marketing 
of non-Oman securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market 
Law (issued pursuant to Decision No. 1/2UU9) (the 'Executive Regulations"). The Interests have not and will not be listed 
on any stock exchange in the Sultanate of Oman. The Manager is not a licensed broker, dealer, financial adviser or 
investment adviser licensed under the laws applicable in the Sultanate of Oman, and, as such, does not advise potential 
investors in the Sultanate of Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in or purchasing or selling securities or other 
financial products. Additionally, this Memoranchrn is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever 
nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman and is not intended to constitute legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice in, or in respect of, the Sultanate of Oman. The recipient of this Memorandum acknowledges and 
agrees that neither this Memorandum nor the Fund has been registered or approved by the Central Bank of Oman. the 
Oman Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the Sultanate of 
Oman. nor is the Manager authorized or licensed by the Central Bank of Oman, the Oman Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the Sultanate of Oman, to market or sell the 
interests in the Fund within the Sultanate of Oman. Further, the recipient of this Memorandum represents that it is a 
sophisticated investor (as described in Article 139 (f) of the Executive Regulations) and has such experience in business 
ConWenner Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082696 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228880 
EFTA01383082

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383083.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383083.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in securities. 
PERU 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered in Peru under Decreto Legislativo 862: Ley de Fondos de 
InversiOn y sus Sociedades Administradores or under Decreto Legislativo 861: Ley del Mercado de Vellums (the 
"Securities Market Law"), and are being offered to institutional investors only (as defined in article 8 of the Securities 
Market Law) pursuant to a private placement, according to article 5 of the Securities Market Law. The Interests have not 
been registered in the securities market public registry (Registro POblico del Mercado de Va!ores) maintained by. and the 
offering of the Interests in Peru is not subject to the supervision of, the Superintendencia del Mercado de Valor's. Any 
transfers of the Interests shall be subject to the limitations contained in the Securities Market Law and the regulations 
issued thereunder. 
QATAR AND THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE 
This Memorandum is provided on an exclusive basis to the specifically intended recipient thereof, upon such recipient's 
request and initiative, and for such recipient's personal use only. 
Nothing in this Memorandum constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall be treated as constituting or shall be deemed to 
constitute, any offer or sale of securities in the State of Qatar or in the Qatar Financial Centre, or the inward marketing of 
an investment kind or an attempt to do business, as a bank. an investment company or otherwise in the State of Qatar or 
in the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor the Interests have been approved. registered or licensed by the Qatar Central Bank, the 
Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority or any other regulator in the State of 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor any related documents have been reviewed or approved by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Central Sank. 
Recourse against the Fund. and those involved with it, may be limited or difficult and may have to be pursued in a 
jurisdiction outside Qatar and the Qatar Financial Centre. 
My distribution of this Memorandum by the recipient to third parties in Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre in breach of 
the terms hereof is not authorized and shall be at the liability of such recipient. 
SAUDI ARABIA 
This Memorandum may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under 
the Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority (the -CMA'). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Memorandum, and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any pad of this Memorandum. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the Interests. If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
SINGAPORE 
This Memorandum has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this 
Memorandum and any other documents or materials in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for the subscription 
for or purchase, of the Interests, may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Interests be offered or sold, or be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase. whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor pursuant to Section 304 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore (the *SFA'), or (ii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
SOUTH KOREA 
This Memorandum is being provided in response to the specific request of the recipient, and should not be construed in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082697 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228881 
EFTA01383083

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383084.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
any way as the Fund (or any of its affiliates or agents) soliciting investment or offering to sell the Interests. The Fund 
makes no representation with respect to the eligibility of any recipients of this Memorandum to acquire the Interests 
under the laws of Korea. including, without limitation, the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law and Regulations 
thereunder. The Interests have not been registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea (the "FSC') in 
Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea. and the Interests may not be offered. 
sold or delivered, or offered or sold to any person for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident 
of Korea except pursuant to applicable laws and regulations of Korea. Furthermore, the Interests may not be resold to 
Korean residents unless Investor complies with all applicable regulatory requirements (including, without limitation, 
governmental approval requirements under the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law and its subordinate decrees and 
regulations) in connection with the purchase of the Interests. 
ST. KITTS AND NEVIS 
This Memorandum does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Memorandum has not been 
reviewed by the Securities Commission or the Financial Services Regulatory Commission in St. Kitts and Nevis. No 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the 
merits of the offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any regulatory authority in St. Kitts and 
Nevis. Each investor should consult his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for advice on the various 
legal, tax or economic matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund. There is risk involved in investing, with the 
ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire investment. 
SWITZERLAND 
The Interests shall be distributed in Switzerland exclusively to qualified investors as defined by Article 10 § 3 of the 
Collective Investment Scheme Act 2006. as amended (CISA-) and Article 6 of the Collective Investment Scheme 
Ordinance 2006, as amended ('MG) (Qualified Investors). The Fund has not been and will not be registered with the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ('FINMA"). 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA. 6 Cours de Rive. CH-1204 Geneva (the 
'Representative"). The offering documents. Fund Documents and audited financial statements can be obtained free of 
charge from the Representative. The place of performance for the Interests offered or distributed in or from Switzerland 
is the registered office of the Representative. The courts of the canton of Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any 
disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute related to the distribution of Interests in and from 
Switzerland shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantons* de Geneve. 17 Quai de I'lle. CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the 
'Paying Agent). Interests may be subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying Agent. A handling commission will be 
charged by the Paying Agent. If a subscription or redemption is made through the Paying Agent, instructions and money 
must be received by the paying agent at least 24 hours before the appropriate dealing cutoff time. 
The fees and expenses associated with the representation, paying agency and other distribution items may be charged 
to the Fund. As applicable, the actual amount of such fees and expenses will be disclosed in the audited financial 
statements. 
In distributing the Interests in Switzerland, the General Partner is authorized to pass on distnbutton fees to the 
distributors and sales partners listed below: 
• 
distributors subject to authorization as defined in Article 19 al. 1 of the CISA (Swiss or foreign distributors 
regulated in their home jurisdiction); 
• 
distributors that are not required to obtain an authorization as defined under Article 19 al 1 of the CISA and 
article 8 of CISO (financial intermediaries regulated by FINMA. banks, insurance companies, fund managers, 
representatives; 
• 
Sales partners who place Interests in the Fund with their customers exclusively through a written commission-
based investment management or advisory mandate (e.g., independent asset managers or advisors). 
When a retrocession payment may give rise to a conflict of interest, the recipient of the retrocession must ensure 
transparent disclosure and inform investors, unsolicited and free of charge, of the amount of retrocession it may receive 
for distribution. Upon request, the recipient must disclose the actual amount of retrocession received for distributing the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082698 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228882 
EFTA01383084

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383085.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383085.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or slate securities commission or regulatory authority. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this 
Memorandum. My representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any state or other securities laws or 
the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in the 
United States only to qualifying recipients of this Memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D thereof and any applicable regulations 
promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws of the states and other jurisdictions where 
the offering will be made. 
The Interests are being sold for investment only and are subject to restrictions on 
transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement 
and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption 
therefrom. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act. Consequently. Investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. 
There will be no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation on the part of any person to register the 
Interests under the Securities Act. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082700 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228884 
EFTA01383085

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383086.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383086.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
(A) 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NOT NATURAL PERSONS 
Each prospective investor in the Fund that is not a natural person (e.g.. a body corporate or a partnership) should 
provide the notice below - (8) Notice to Investors that are Natural Persons - to each individual that will be required to 
provide personal data in connection with such prospective investor's investment in the Fund. For example, ultimate 
beneficial owners. officers or other authorized signatories. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Glendower Capital. LLP assuming responsibility as the "data controller on behalf of the 
Fund, does not relieve any prospective investor that is a non-natural person from its duties and obligations in respect of 
personal data provided. 
(B) 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NATURAL PERSONS 
This notice is being provided to explain how any personal data that is provided in connection an investment in the Fund 
by a natural person will be treated. 
Glendower Capital. LLP (the 'Data Controller') will be the 'data controller' for any personal information provided to the 
Manager, the General Partner or their respective Affiliates or service providers in connection with an investment in the 
Fund. Contact details for the Data Controller are at the end of this Privacy Notice. 
The personal data which will be processed by the Data Controter may include name, home address, email address, 
phone number, proof of ID (such as passport and driving licence details), tax identifier, information on your investment 
history and experience and details of your bank account. Access to your personal data is required in connection with an 
investment in the Fund for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to, (i) in connection with applicable know your 
client,' anti-money laundering laws and regulations and other applicable laws and regulations, (ii) in order for the 
Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator to communicate with you during the life of the Fund and 
(iii) your bank account details in order to make distributions. 
In connection with the management and operation of the Fund, it will become necessary for the Data Controller to share 
your data with other entities in order to effect and administer your investment in the Fund. These entities include, but are 
not limited to, the Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator (currently, Gen II Fund Services. LLC), the 
Fund's depositary (currently, Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited), any bank with which the Fund enters into a 
subscription line facility (currently, it is expected that Lloyds Bank plc. will be the arranger of such a facility), the Fund's 
professional advisers (such as Debevoise & Plimpton LLP) and the Fund's auditor. In addition, certain Limited Partners 
may request contact information for the other Limited Partners (or a subset thereof). Unless compelled by law or 
regulation, the Data Controller will not share you' contact details with other Limited Partners without your consent. 
While the Fund will initially receive and store your personal data in the United Kingdom, it may be necessary for the Fund 
or third parties to transfer this data outside of the European Economic Area, including to the United States of America. In 
some cases, your data may be transferred to jurisdictions outside of the EEA that do not have equivalent data protection 
frameworks to those inside the EEA. This includes the United States of America and the Cayman Islands. 
Your personal data will only be retained for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as 
reasonably determined by the Data Controller. The Data Controller is unable to state at the outset how long that period 
will be: it will be at least for the period you remain a Limited Partner and may extend beyond this period where necessary 
for the Manager, the General Partner, the Fund or other relevant entities to comply with their respective legal and 
regulatory obligation or to facilitate the Fund's on-going administration and performance. 
After providing personal information in connection with your investment in the Fund, you will have various rights in 
respect of the information you provide. These include, your right to: 
• 
request access to your personal data: 
• 
obtain information about the use of your personal data including: (i) the purposes for which your personal data 
is being used: (ii) the categories of your personal data being used: (iii) to whom your personal data has been or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082701 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228885 
EFTA01383086

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383087.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383087.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering 
GENERAL ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING CONSIDERATIONS 
The Manager takes seriously its responsibility to prevent the Fund from being used for money laundering or other illicit 
purposes. To comply with anti-money laundering laws, the Manager or any designee thereof may require a detailed 
verification of the identity and residence of each Investor (and each person who holds a beneficial interest in each 
Investor) and the source of the payment of the investment. Each of the Manager or its designee reserves the right to 
request such information as it considers necessary to verify the identity of any Investor (and each person who holds a 
beneficial interest in each Investor) and may also independently obtain such information. In the event of delay or failure 
by any Investor to produce any information required for verification purposes, the Manager or its designee may refuse to 
accept such Investors subscription for an Interest, and any funds received will be returned to the account from which 
such funds were sent (unless such return is, in the judgment of the Manager or its designee, contrary to applicable law, 
regulation or the instructions of law enforcement officials, in which case the funds may be blocked or retained). If the 
Manager or its designee has a suspicion obtained in the course of business that any person is engaged in money 
laundering or other illegal activity, the Manager must. notwithstanding any obligations of confidentiality that might 
otherwise apply. report such suspicion to the appropriate authorities pursuant to applicable law. 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING LEGISLATION 
In order to comply with applicable anti-money laundering legislation, the Manager has an obligation to ask each Investor 
questions regarding its identity, address, source of funds and, if necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, 
beneficial owners or control structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, 
enhanced anti-money laundering regulations require that should any of the above personal or institutional information 
change. such clients must immediately notify the Manager of the change(s) and provide the Manager with relevant 
documentation to verify these changes. 
ECONOMIC SANCTION REGULATIONS 
Each Investor will be required to make representations and warranties to the Manager that, among other things, the 
Interests to be purchased by the Investor will not be held by, or for the benefit of. any person currently subject to UK 
sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the 
U.S. Treasury Department (collectively, the -Sanction Regulations"). The Manager and its designee may undertake 
their own efforts to verify the accuracy of any Investor's representations and warranties and, so long as an Investor holds 
an Interest, may seek to verify that neither the Investor nor any person holding a beneficial interest in the Investor is 
subject to any then-applicable Sanction Regulations. 
The Manager also may be required in the future to obtain 
additional disclosures from an Investor (and each of the beneficial owners of such Investor) to comply with the Sanction 
Regulations. If the Manager or its designee determines that an Investor or a person holding a beneficial interest in an 
Investor is subject to any of the Sanction Regulations. the Manager may be obligated by law to block and retain an 
Investors investment. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
101 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082703 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228887 
EFTA01383087

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383088.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383088.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary Agreement 
The depositary agreement, to be entered into at or around the date of the First Closing, 
among the Depositary, the Manager and the Fund. 
Deutsche Asset 
Management 
The private equity and alternatives business of Deutsche Bank. 
Deutsche Bank 
Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates. 
DOL 
U.S. Department of Labor. 
dollars, USS or E 
U.S. dollars. 
DPI 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital. 
ECI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Eligible Investors 
Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. 
Eligible Non-U.S. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Investor 
Eligible U.S. Investor 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. EFtISA and Tax Considerations. 
ERISA 
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
EU AIF 
An 'alternative investment fund" under the AIFMD which is authorized, registered or has its 
principal place of business in a European Economic Area member state. 
Exchange Act 
FATCA 
FCA 
Feeder Fund 
The U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. as amended. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Code. 
UK Financial Conduct Authority. 
A feeder hind established by the General Partner or the Manager which will invest in the Fund 
or a Parallel Fund to accommodate the investment requirements of certain investors. 
FFI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Final Admission Date 
The last date on which investors may be admitted to the Fund. 
First Closing 
The event at which Investors are first admitted to the Fund. 
FMV 
Fair Market Value. 
foreign passthru 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERSA and Tax Considerations. 
payments 
FSMA 
The UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2O0O, as amended. 
Confidential Private Pbcement Memorandum 
103 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082705 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228889 
EFTA01383088

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383089.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383089.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Fund Advisory 
The advisory committee. comprising representatives of certain Limited Partners, established 
Committee 
by the Fuld to consult with the General Partner or Manager as to potential conflicts of 
interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters 
Fund Documents 
The Fund Partnership Agreement and certain other legal documents in respect of the Fund.
Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
The amended and restated limited partnership agreement of the Fund.
Fund Secondary 
An investment interest in an established generalist and specialist private equity fund structure 
(including a funds of fund. feeder fund or other similar structure) 
Fund Sponsor 
A general partner. manager or adviser of a private equity investment fund. 
General Partner 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited. a special purpose entity established in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. 
General Partner's 
Share 
The profit share distnbuted to the General Partner by the Fund 
Glendower Capital or 
Glendower Capital. LLP. an English limited liability partnership.
Glendower 
Glendower SOF Team 
As defined in Section 1 Executive Summary. 
GP 
The general partner. manager or equivalent in respect of an underlying investment fund.
GP-led Secondary 
An investment interest in a portfolio of private equity assets on the secondary market 
Gross IRR 
Gross Internal Rate of Return 
Interest 
A limited partnership interest in the Fund.
Invested Capital 
With respect to a Limited Partner or a Feeder Fund investor, such Limited Partner's or such 
Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down Commitment (or equivalent), that is, at the date of 
determination, invested in portfolio investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) 
that the Manager has reasonably reserved for portfolio investments 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee to be established by the Manager that. inter al's. will screen and 
evaluate investment opportunities for the Fund.
Investment Company 
The U.S Investment Company Act of 1940. as amended.
Act 
Investment 
Management 
Agreement 
The investment management agreement relating to the appointment of the Manager as the 
investment manager of the Fund.
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
104 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082706 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228890 
EFTA01383089

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383090.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383090.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS236 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund tit LP 
PFICs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Push-Out Election 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
QEF 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
RVPI 
Residual value to paid-in capital. 
Sanction Regulations 
Collectively UK sanctions. UN sanctions. EU sanctions. and/or U.S. sanctions administered 
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 
SEC 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Second GP 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP). LLP, an English limited liability partnership (but 
see Section 6: Summary of Terms end Conditions for the description of the limited role of the 
Second GP). 
Securities Act 
The U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Side Letter 
A side letter or other written agreement with one or more Limited Partners which has the 
effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example, reducing the General Partners 
Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or supplementing the 
terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Single Asset Deal 
A co-investment in an individual portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund 
sponsors. 
SOF 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund (comprising SOF A. SOF B and SOF C). 
SOF A 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF B 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF C 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C. L.P.. a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF D 
OB Secondary Opportunities Fund D. L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF II 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP, a Scottish limited partnership. 
SOF Ill 
Secondary Opportunities Fund Ill. LP, an English limited partnership. 
SOF IV or the Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP. 
SOF Business 
Deutsche Asset Management's Secondaries Opportunities Fund investment program. 
SOF Funds or the SOF 
SOF. SOF O, SOF II and SOF Ill, collectively. 
Program 
SOF Team 
As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
Special Limited 
Partner 
An affiliate of the Manager that shall receive Carried Interest. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
106 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082708 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228892 
EFTA01383090

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383091.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383091.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund fit LP 
Subsequent Closing 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund at a Closing subsequent to the First Closing. 
Partner 
Team Investment 
The investment in the Fund by certain individuals that are partners or employees of the 
Manager and Glendower U.S. 
Total Value 
Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date. 
TVPI or Net Multiple 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
U.S. 
The United States of America. 
U.S. Adviser 
Glendower Capital (U.S.). LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
U.S. IGA 
The Model 1 intergovernmental agreement entered into between the UK and the U.S. 
UBTI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
UK 
The United Kingdom. 
UK AIFM Regulation 
The Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013 (2013 No. 1773). 
UK FATCA Legislation 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
USRPHCs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ER/SA and Tax Considerations. 
UTR 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ESA and Tax Considerations. 
Valuation Committee 
The valuation committee established by the Manager. 
wlthholdable 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERJSA and Tax Considerations. 
payments 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
107 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082709 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228893 
EFTA01383091

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383092.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383092.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
Distributions to PaId-In Capital (*DPI"): Represents aggregate distributions to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. 
Gross fund data (gross TVPI. etc.): Gross performance data reflects amounts net of the underlying investments' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses but before the SOF Funds carried interest, management fees and other 
expenses 
Gross multiple Represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by the SOF Funds. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return ('Gross IRR"): calculated as a gross return at the SOF Funds level net of the underlying 
investments' carried interest, management fees and other expenses and is based on the actual timing of cash inflows 
(regardless of whether drawdowns of limited partners were made at a later date as a result of the subscription-line 
financing) and outflows for the SOF Funds' investments and the value of the remaining investments as of the most recent 
reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value (positive or negative) of foreign currency option contracts. 
Net Asset Value r NAV'): Equals total assets minus total liabilities as of June 30, 2017 (unless provided otherwise). In 
determining the SOF Funds' NAV, the Manager values the SOF Funds' investments in good faith based on the 
reasonable judgment of the Manager taking into account available information it considers relevant, including information 
provided by the fund managers and general partners of the underlying kinds. Because of the inherent uncertainty of the 
valuation, the estimated valuation may differ significantly and materially from the value that would have been used had a 
ready market existed or had the investment been liquidated. The long-term value of the investments may be lesser or 
greater than the valuation provided. The value includes unrealized appreciation, which may or may not be realized. 
Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.): 
Net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried interest. 
management fees and other expenses. 
Net Internal Rate of Return ('Net IRK): calculated as a net return and is based on the actual dates of the cash inflows 
(capital contributions), outflows (cash and in specie distributions) and the value of the remaining investments as of the 
most recent reported date (June 30, 2O17), including the fair value (positive or negative) of foreign currency option 
contracts and is calculated after the SOF Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses. 
Residual Value to Paid-In Capital (RVPI-): Represents the value of the SOF Funds investors interest held within the 
SOF Funds relative to aggregate capital contnbutions to the SOF Funds, net of the SOF Funds' tamed interest. 
management fees and other expenses. 
Total Value: Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date, 
Total Value to Paid-In Capital ("1VPIT TVPI = DPI « RVPI 
Effects of Leverage on Gross and Net IRR: Calculations of net and gross IRRs in respect of investment and 
performance data included and/or referred to in this Memorandum are based on the payment date of capital contributions 
or advances received from limited partners. even in instances where a fund or account utilizes borrowings under a 
subscription line facility. The use of a subscription-based credit facility (or other fund-level leverage) with respect to 
investments will result in a higher reported Gross IRR and Net IRR at the fund-level than if such subscription line facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) had not been used and instead the investors' capital had been contributed at the inception 
of each such investment. This is due to the fact that calculations of Gross IRR and Net IRR are based on the period of 
time between (a) the date of limited partner contributions for a relevant investment (and not the date the investment was 
made) and (b) the date of distribution from the applicable fund or account to investors Therefore. if a subscription line 
facility is used to fund an investment, capital may be called more slowly from the limited partners to repay such 
borrowings. which would shorten the time between such contribution and distribution and consequently increase 
Gross IRR and Net IRR. 
Benchmark Analysis. My benchmarking analysis or other comparison herein of the performance of the SOF Funds 
against the performance of other investment funds pursuing direct or indirect private equity strategies (each, an "Other 
PE Fund") is qualified as follows: (i) each such Other PE Fund may employ different investment objectives or investment 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
108 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082710 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228894 
EFTA01383092

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383093.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383093.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
criteria than the SOF Funds: (ii) the performance information respect of each Other PE Fund is based solely on 
information available from third party sources which may not be complete or accurate; (iii) use of leverage or other 
factors may mean that the performance information herein in respect of the SOF Funds and the Other PE Funds may not 
be directly comparable; and (iv) the Other PE Funds selected herein may not necessarily to represent an appropriate 
comparison against the performance of the SOF Funds. 
General 
The performance information provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) 
Limited ("DAAM(G)L') and provided to the Manager and relates to the SOF Funds and the related individual underlying 
transactions, in respect of which the Manager's investment team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers 
and/or investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. The Manager takes responsibility for its use 
of this performance information and its compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidelines, including. 
but not limited to. the Advisers Act, and in particular, Rule 204.2 thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for 
the use of such performance information by the Manager. 
The investment performance included herein is intended solely to provide recipients with information about the 
investment and operational experience of the SOF Team. Certain of the SOF Team were principally responsible for the 
investments included in such investment performance. Such investment performance information relates to investments 
made by the SOF Team while a part of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating the investment track record, recipients should note 
that the SOF Team does not include all of the investment and operations professionals that were part of Deutsche Bank. 
Except where noted. the performance information contained in this Memorandum is a combination of both actual realized 
proceeds as well as projected proceeds based on the Manager's business plans as of the date indicated. The 
information is presented for information purposes only, and is not representative of the actual returns received by an 
investor in the SOF Funds. 
The NAV and performance results provided for the SOF Funds are based on the financial information reported as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) by the GPs/managers of the underlying fund investments and are adjusted for 
contributions, distributions, and subsequent events to the extent that they have, in the opinion of the Manager, an impact 
on the fair value of the underlying fund investment. The valuations of public stocks in the portfolio have been adjusted to 
their June 30. 2017 (unless otherwise provided) trading price. 
Except where designated as -net.' the projected returns and financial information contained herein are based on the 
projected gross cash flows of the SOF Funds or the relevant deal/portfolio. Gross cash flows do not take into account 
deductions for Fund-level expenses, management and other fees, incentive distributions, or other potential expenses 
such as currency exchange costs or losses. All of these may be a significant reduction against the gross returns. 
The projected cash flows and other return and financial information in this Memorandum are based, in part, on the 
Manager's business plans as of the date indicated and take into account such factors as the Manager deems relevant as 
of the date indicated. However, changes in a number of factors, including (without limitation) global and local economic 
conditions, the financial markets crisis and interest rates may cause the actual results to vary, perhaps significantly, from 
those projected. Further, events assumed to occur may not occur, and other events may occur which were not assumed 
to occur or otherwise taken into account in preparing the data contained herein. Such events could materially and 
adversely affect the analysis. 
Moreover, the performance information set out in this Memorandum speaks only as of the date indicated; it was not 
revised to take account of events which have occurred subsequent to the date indicated and is subject to change. 
Accordingly, it may not be representative of values or the amount that may ultimately be received with respect of an 
investment. No assurance can be given as to the actual events that may occur or the appropriate assumptions to be 
applied. Information herein includes or is based upon certain Yorward-looking statements.' These forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to. the plans, projections, objectives, expectations and intentions of the SOF 
Funds and the Manager and other statements contained herein that are not historical facts. These statements are based 
on current beliefs or expectations and are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and changes in circumstances, 
many of which are beyond the control of the SOF Funds and the Manager. Actual results may differ materially and 
adversely from these expectations due to changes in, among other things. global. political, economic, business. 
competitive, market and regulatory factors. 
Past performance is not indicative of future results and there can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
109 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082711 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228895 
EFTA01383093

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383094.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383094.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS236 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N, LP 
Appendix 6 Directory 
Fund 
Glendower Capital 
Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV. LP 
Special 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Auditors to the 
Any of 
Counsel to the 
Gresham Street 
General Partner 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
General 
London, EC2V 7NO 
LLP, Deloitte Touche 
Partner and 
Tohmatsu. KPMG or 
the Manager 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services 
Fund Administrator Gen II Fund Services LLC 
(UK) Limited 
Global 
Credit Suisse Asset 
Regional Placement 
Raymond James & 
Placement 
Management Limited 
Agents 
Associates, Inc. 
Agent 
Raymond James Financial 
Services, Inc. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
111 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082713 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228897 
EFTA01383094

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383095.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383095.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
It is currently proposed that the following individuals will comprise the board of directors of the General Partner: 
Alan Turner. Alan is an attorney at law who has practiced in the Cayman Islands since 1988. Alan is a partner of 
Turners and a former partner of Walkers. Nan is also a director of Circumference FS (Cayman) Ltd. ('Circumference"). 
an independent fiduciary services business in the Cayman Islands. Alan acts as a director of a number of companies 
involved in complex structures including hedge funds. private equity funds, general partners of limited partnerships. 
companies involved in structured finance and asset finance transactions and various holding companies. 
Andrew Johnson. Andrew is a director of Circumference. Andrew has over twenty years of experience in the offshore 
financial services industry, specializing in investment funds, securitizations, structured finance, captive insurance 
management and financial planning strategies for special purpose vehicles. He holds a bachelor's degree in Accounting 
from Flonda State University and received his Certified Public Accountant certificate in the state of Georgia. Andrew is 
also a Chartered Global Management Accountant. Andrew is a member and past president of the Cayman Islands 
Institute of Professional Accountants. He serves as Chairman of the board of the YMCA of the Cayman Islands and 
previously served on the board of Cayman Finance. Finally, he is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants. 
KIrsten Le Pape. Kirsten graduated with an accounting degree from Averett University, Virginia, in 1991. Kirsten 
worked with a major hotel corporation at a high management level before she joined Circumference in 2007. where she 
is now Senior Vice President. Kirsten acts as a director on a number of companies involved in complex structures 
including hedge funds, private equity funds, general partners of limited partnerships and various other entities. 
Vanessa Barrett. Vanessa is an experienced fund director having worked in the hedge fund industry for more than 18 
years across a number of key jurisdictions, including Bermuda, Ireland. the UK and USA. She has extensive experience 
in working with a wide range of hedge funds, fund of funds and private equity funds and has advised investment 
managers on Cayman fund launches and appropriate structures. She has broad knowledge of hedge fund operations, 
fund governance, compliance, fund risk analysis and product development and has managed projects for major fund 
management clients, including U.S.. European and Asian firms. Prior to becoming an independent fund director in the 
Cayman Islands, Vanessa was Head of Business Development and Client Relations for Alternative Fund Services at 
UBS Global Asset Management in London where she was responsible for the strategic development and growth of Fund 
Services. She also worked for UBS Fund Services in the Cayman Islands. Vanessa began her career with Ernst & Young 
in financial services audit in Bermuda and San Francisco. Vanessa graduated with a Bachelor of Commerce (Hons.). 
from University College Cork (Ireland) and is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland. 
Confidential Prstate Placement Memorandum 
112 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082714 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228898 
EFTA01383095

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383096.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383096.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS236 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
For additional information, please contact: 
United States 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: 
Global Placement Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Anent 
Email: 
Europe. MENA And Asia Pacific 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8D2 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo PirzicoBroli 
Email: 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
113 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082715 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228899 
EFTA01383096

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383097.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383097.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082716 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228900 
EFTA01383097

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383098.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383098.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
(iii.) 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of any 
management fees collected by the Access Fund or the investment manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable 
share of invested capital. 
In addition, pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between the Solicitation Agent 
and one or more of the Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, LLC, the Solicitation 
Agent will also act as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will refer and/or introduce certain of 
its clients to the Underlying Fund. In consideration for such services, the Glendower GP or an affiliate 
shall pay the Solicitation Agent a placement fec equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's 
aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund attributable to the subscriptions of each DB 
Introduced Person. 
Other than the foregoing fees, no additional fees or other amounts will be charged to investors by 
the Solicitation Agent or the Access Funds as a result of the Solicitation Agent's involvement. Investors 
in an Access Fund that arc referred by the Solicitation Agent will not pay increased management fees or 
other similar compensation to the Solicitation Agent, iCapital or the Access Funds as a result of the 
referral. 
Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described above, the Solicitation Agent 
may benefit financially from referring clients to an Access Fund rather than to other competitive funds or 
other products that may also be appropriate for particular clients. As a result, the Solicitation Agent's 
receipt of such payments from the iCapital creates a potential conflict of interest in the form of an 
additional financial incentive to the Solicitation Agent, its equity owners and investment representatives 
to refer clients to an Access Fund. In addition, the Solicitation Agent or its affiliates may earn 
compensation from an Access Fund, iCapital or their affiliates through arrangements that may or may not 
directly involve the Solicitation Agent, such as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or 
research. Employees of the Solicitation Agent or its affiliates, including their investment representatives 
who may offer Interests to clients, may now or in the future own Interests. 
Acknowledgement of Receipt 
The undersigned acknowledges that it has reviewed and understands the information presented in 
this Disclosure Statement. 
Signature 
Name (print or t> pc) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082718 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228902 
EFTA01383098

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383099.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383099.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
EXECUTION VERSION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082720 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228904 
EFTA01383099

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383100.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INVESTORS 
If you arc interested in purchasing a limited partner interest (an "interest") in Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Partnership"), please complete all applicable signature pages 
and exhibits of the Subscription Agreement as indicated below. in addition, please submit the relevant 
Customer identification Documents listed below. 
Please direct any questions regarding this Subscription Agreement and/or the Partnership to your 
advisor. 
Following is a checklist for completing the Subscription Agreement and subscribing for an Interest 
in the Partnership. 
• 
Subscription Agreement 
Each investor is required to complete all sections of this 
Subscription Agreement, including all relevant exhibits. 
• Investors that are individuals are required to complete the following sections of this 
Subscription Agreement: Limited Partner Signature Page and Exhibit B. 
• Investors that are entities are required to complete the following sections of this 
Subscription Agreement: Limited Partner Signature Page; Exhibit C; Exhibit D; 
and Exhibit £ 
• Initial Capital Contribution. Each Investor may be required to make a capital contribution 
to the Partnership on the date it is admitted to the Partnership. The General Partner will 
provide written notice of the exact size and timing of the initial capital contribution if 
necessary in advance of the initial closing of the Partnership. 
• 
Client Identification Documents. Each Investor is required to provide the following 
documents to the General Partner. The identifying documents can be uploaded via the 
secure functionality built into your www.icapitalnetwork.com account 
• 
Natural Persons: 
• 
A complete IRS Form W-9. 
• 
Entities: 
• 
A complete IRS Form W-9. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082721 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228905 
EFTA01383100

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383101.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383101.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Partner may, in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' subscriptions 
to the Partnership for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the General Partner is not required 
to set aside any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Partnership (i.e., commits an amount to the 
Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the Partnership. is greater than the total amount of 
the Limited Partners' subscriptions to the Partnership), the General Partner may need to fund Partnership 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the distributions received from the 
Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. 
2. 
Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor hereby represents, 
warrants and covenants to. and agrees with, the Partnership and the General Partner, as of the date hereof. 
and through and including each date that all or any portion of the Interest requested pursuant to this 
Agreement is accepted in whole or in part by the General Partner as follows: 
(a) 
Suitability. THE INVESTOR HAS BEEN FURNISHED WITH, AND HAS 
READ CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTANDS THE OFFERING MATERIALS AND THE 
UNDERLYING FUND PPM, AND HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO REQUEST AND REVIEW 
THE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF THE UNDERLYING FUND (THE "UNDERLYING 
FUND LPA"), AND THE INVESTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THESE OFFERING 
MATERIALS (INCLUDING THE UNDERLYING FUND PPM AND UNDERLYING FUND LPA) 
SUPERSEDE ANY OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS PREVIOUSLY MADE AVAILABLE TO 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS. 
OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE 
MEMORANDUM AND THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, THE INVESTOR IS NOT RELYING 
UPON ANY INFORMATION, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY BY THE PARTNERSHIP. THE 
INVESTOR HAS CONSULTED ITS OWN ATTORNEY, ACCOUNTANT, TAX ADVISER AND/OR 
INVESTMENT ADVISER AS TO THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING, REGULATORY 
AND RELATED MATTERS WITH RESPECT TO THE INVESTMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY 
AND ON THAT BASIS UNDERSTANDS THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING, 
REGULATORY AND RELATED CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS 
AND BELIEVES THAT AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS IS SUITABLE AND APPROPRIATE 
FOR THE INVESTOR. 
ANY SPECIFIC ACKNOWLEDGMENT SET FORTH BELOW WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY STATEMENT CONTAINED IN THE OFFERING MATERIALS SHALL NOT BE 
DEEMED TO LIMIT THE GENERALITY OF THIS REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY. 
(b) 
Qpportunity to Verify Information. 
The Investor acknowledges that 
representatives of the Partnership have made available to the Investor, during the course of this transaction 
and prior to the purchase of the Interest, the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from them 
concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Interests described in the Offering Materials, to 
perform its own independent investigation of the current and proposed activities of the Partnership, and to 
obtain any additional information necessary to verify the information contained in the Offering Materials, 
or otherwise relative to the proposed activities of the Partnership or to otherwise evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in the Partnership. The Investor acknowledges that all such questions. if asked, have 
been answered satisfactorily and all such documents, if examined, have been found to be fully satisfactory. 
(c) 
Purchase for Investment; Restrictions on Transfer. The Investor understands 
and agrees: (i) that the Investor must bear the economic risk of its investment until the final liquidation and 
termination of the Partnership; (ii) that the Interest has not been, and will not be, registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or under the applicable securities laws of 
any other jurisdiction, and therefore, cannot be resold or otherwise disposed of unless it is subsequently 
registered under the Securities Act or such other securities laws, unless an exemption from such registration 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082723 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228907 
EFTA01383101

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383102.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Representations; Qualified Purchaser Status. The 
Investor acknowledges that (i) the Partnership is not being registered as an -investment company" as the 
term - investment company" is defined in Section 3(a) of the United States Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the - Investment Company Act"); (ii) the General Partner does not have any intention 
of registering the Partnership as an "investment company" under the Investment Company Act or of 
registering the Interest under the Securities Act or of supplying the information that may be necessary to 
enable the Investor to sell, Transfer or otherwise dispose of the Interest; and (iii) the Investor will not be 
afforded the protections provided to investors in registered investment companies under the Investment 
Company Act. The Investor represents and warrants that the Investor is a "qualified purchaser-  as that term 
is defined under the Investment Company Act. In furtherance thereof, the Investor hereby makes the 
representations and warranties contained in the exhibits, as applicable. The Investor further represents that 
(A) the governing documents of the Investor require that each beneficial owner of the Investor including, 
but not limited to, shareholders, partners and beneficiaries, participate through his, her or its interest in the 
Investor in all of the Investor's investments and that the profits and losses from each such investment are 
shared among such beneficial owners in the same proportions as all other investments of the Investor, (B) 
no such beneficial owner may vary his, her or its share of the profits and losses or the amount of his, her or 
its contribution for any investment made by the Investor, and (C) the Investor has made investments prior 
to the date hereof or intends to make investments in the near future and each beneficial owner of interests 
in the Investor has shared and will share in the same proportion in each such investment (e.g., no beneficial 
owner of the Investor may vary its interests in different investments made by or on behalf of the Investor). 
(f) 
Conflicts of Interest. The Investor is aware of and understands each of the risk 
factors, including all applicable conflicts of interest set forth in the Memorandum (including the additional 
conflict and risk disclosure set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM attached thereto). The Investor 
understands that the discussion of such conflicts and risks is not exhaustive and confirms that it has 
consulted with its advisors as it has deemed necessary or appropriate. The Investor hereby consents to all 
such actual and potential conflicts of interest and waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claims 
with respect to any liability arising from the existence of any conflicts of interest among the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and their respective affiliates. 
(g) 
Additional Risk Factors. The Investor is aware and acknowledges that: (i) the 
Partnership has only recently been formed and the Partnership and the Underlying Fund (as defined below) 
have little or no financial or operating history; (ii) the Investment Manager or another person or entity 
selected by the General Partner (which may be a partner or Affiliate of the General Partner) will receive 
compensation in connection with the management of the Partnership; (iii) the Investor is not entitled to 
cancel, terminate or revoke its subscription in the Partnership nor any of the powers and authority conferred 
herein and in the Partnership Agreement to the Partnership and/or the General Partner, (iv) investment 
returns, if any, described in the Memorandum or in any supplemental letters or materials thereto are not 
necessarily comparable to the returns, if any, which may be achieved on investments made by the 
Partnership; (v) no United States federal, state or local or non-United States agency, governmental authority 
or other person has passed upon the Interests or the equity interests of the Underlying Fund or made any 
finding or determination as to the fairness of this investment or the Partnership's investment in the 
Underlying Fund; (vi) the Interests will be subject to certain restrictions on transferability as described in 
the Partnership Agreement, and no transfer or assignment of any Interests or any part of any Interest may 
occur if such transfer or assignment would cause any beneficial interest in the Partnership to be held by a 
person that is not both a "qualified purchase?' and a "qualified client" under the Investment Company Act 
or an "accredited investor" under the Securities Act (vii) the Investor will have no right to withdraw from 
the Partnership except as specifically provided in the Agreement; (viii) as a result of the foregoing, the 
marketability of the Interests will be severely limited; and (ix) that substantially all of the Partnership's 
investment assets will be its investment in the Underlying Fund. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082725 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228909 
EFTA01383102

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383103.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383103.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
(I) 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company or other 
entity, organization or association, it has not been formed or used to circumvent 
the provisions of Section 12(g) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the Interest held by the Investor will be held 
of record by one person within the meaning of the Exchange Act Rule 12g5-1. 
(2) 
If the Investor is a trust or other entity, it will provide any additional documents or 
information that the Partnership or General Partner may reasonably request 
regarding its beneficial ownership. 
The Investor (if an entity) was not formed or recapitalized and is not being utilized 
primarily for the purpose of making an investment in the Partnership, or has 
notified the General Partner in writing that it was formed or recapitalized and is 
being used for the purpose of making such investment.. 
(4) 
As of the date hereof, the Investor2 has not been subject to any event specified in 
Rule 506(d)(I) of the Securities Act or any proceeding or event that could result 
in any such disqualifying event ("Disqualifying Event") that would either require 
disclosure under the provisions of Rule 506(e) of the Securities Act or result in 
disqualification under Rule 506(d)(1) of the Partnership's use of the Rule 506 
exemption. The Investor will immediately notify the General Partner in writing 
if the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at any date after the date 
hereof. In the event that the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at 
any date after the date hereof, the Investor agrees and covenants to use its best 
efforts to coordinate with the General Partner (i) to provide documentation as 
reasonably requested by the General Partner related to any such Disqualifying 
Event and (ii) to implement a remedy to address the Investor's changed 
circumstances such that the changed circumstances will not affect in any way the 
Partnership's. the Underlying Fund's or their respective affiliates' ongoing and/or 
future reliance on the Rule 506 exemption under the Securities Act. 
(3) 
(o) 
Power and Authority; No Conflicts. If the Investor is a corporation, trust, 
partnership, limited liability company or other entity, organization or association: (i) it is duly organized or 
formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization or formation; 
(ii) it has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement; (iii) the person signing this Agreement on behalf of the Investor has been duly authorized to 
execute this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) such execution, delivery and performance 
by the Investor of such agreements do not violate, or conflict with, the terms of any agreement or instrument 
to which the Investor is a party or by which it is bound. If the Investor is an individual, the Investor has all 
requisite legal capacity to acquire and hold the Interest and to execute and deliver this Agreement and the 
Partnership Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(p) 
Due Execution; Binding Agreement. This Agreement, the Partnership 
Agreement and the power of attorney granted hereby. have been duly executed by the Investor and, when 
the Investor is admitted as a Limited Partner, will constitute, valid and legally binding agreements of the 
For the purposes of this paragraph, references to the "Investor" shall include any person or entity ("Person") 
whose interest in. or relationship to, the Investor is deemed to make such Person or entity a beneficial owner of 
the Partnership's voting securities under Exchange Act Rule 13d-3 and within the meaning of Rule 506(d). Under 
Rule 13d-3. a Person is a beneficial owner of a security if. for among other reasons, such Person directly or 
indirectly has or shares (a) the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security and/or (b) the power to dispose 
of or direct the disposition of such security. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082727 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228811 
EFTA01383103

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383104.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Investor enforceable against the Investor in accordance with their respective terms. The Investor 
acknowledges that this Agreement, the Partnership Agreement and the power of attorney granted hereby 
shall survive (i) changes in the transaction, documents and instruments described in the Memorandum and 
the Partnership Agreement which in the aggregate arc not material to the Investor or which arc contemplated 
by, or made in accordance with, the Memorandum or the Partnership Agreement, as the case may be. and 
(ii) the death, disability, termination or winding up of the Investor. The Investor has obtained all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorizations of government authorities and other persons or entities required to 
be obtained in connection with its execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement 
and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(q) 
ICnowledee and Experience. The Investor currently has, and the Investor had 
immediately prior to receipt of any offer regarding the Partnership. such knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the 
Partnership. 
(r) 
No View to Tax Benefits. The Investor is not acquiring the Interest with a view 
to realizing any benefits under any tax law, including, but not limited to, United States federal income tax 
laws, and no representations have been made to the Investor that any such benefits will be available as a 
result of the Investor's acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Interest. The Investor is aware and 
acknowledges that any tax benefits which may be available to the Investor may be lost through the adoption 
of new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations or differing interpretations of existing 
laws and regulations, in certain circumstances with retroactive effect. 
(s) 
Publicly Traded Partnership. The following representations are included with 
the intention of enabling the Partnership to qualify for the benefit of a "safe harbor" under U.S. Treasury 
Regulations from treatment of the Partnership as an entity subject to corporate income tax. The Investor 
either: 
(1) 
is not a partnership. grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United States 
federal income tax purposes; or 
(2) 
is a partnership. grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United States federal 
income tax purposes, and (i) at no time during the term of the Partnership will 65% 
or more of the value of any beneficial owner's direct or indirect interest in the 
Investor be attributable to the Investor's interests in the Partnership, (ii) less than 
65% of the value of the Investor is attributable to the Investor's interests in the 
Partnership, and (iii) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner 
limitation set forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1Xii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations 
is not a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Investor or of any person 
authorized to act on the Investor's behalf, for using the tiered arrangement within 
the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section I.7704-1(h)(3Xii). 
(t) 
Status as Disregarded Entity. Unless the Investor has notified the General 
Partner in writing on or before the date hereof (which writing shall be acknowledged by the General Partner 
and shall constitute a representation of the Investor hereunder), the Investor is not disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-2(c)(2Xi) (a 
'Disregarded Entity"). If the Investor has notified the General Partner in writing that it is a Disregarded 
Entity, then the sole owner of the Investor for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the "Sole Owner") 
represents as follows: 
(1) 
the Sole Owner either. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082728 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228912 
EFTA01383104

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383105.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383105.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
(A) 
is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes: or 
(B) 
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes, and (x) at no time during the term of 
the Partnership will 65% or more of the value of any beneficial owner's 
direct or indirect interest in the Sole Owner be attributable to the Sole 
Owner's interests in the Partnership, (y) less than 65% of the value of the 
Sole Owner is attributable to the Sole Owner's interests in the Partnership, 
and (z) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner limitation set 
forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations is not 
a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Sole Owner, or of any 
person authorized to act on the Sole Owner's behalf, for using the tiered 
arrangement within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.7704-1(h)(3Xii). 
(2) 
The Sole Owner will not transfer or otherwise dispose of or distribute any part of 
its economic or beneficial interest in (or any rights with respect to) the Investor or 
the Interest without complying with all of the applicable provisions of the 
Partnership Agreement as if the Sole Owner were a direct Limited Partner of the 
Partnership and were transferring a direct limited partnership interest in the 
Partnership. 
(u) 
No Borrowints. The Investor has not borrowed any portion of its contribution to 
the Partnership, either directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager or any Affiliate of the foregoing. 
(v) 
Partnership Counsel Does Not Represent the Investors. 
Thc Investor 
understands and acknowledges that Cleary• Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP ("Cleary Gottlieb") acts as U.S. 
counsel only for the Partnership. Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and, together with the Partnership and any other funds established in connection with the 
Partnership and the Feeder Fund, the "Access Funds"), the General Partner, the Investment Manager and 
certain of their respective Affiliates, and that Maples and Calder, Attorneys-at-Law, acts as Cayman Islands 
counsel only for the Access Funds, the Investment Manager and the General Partner, and no attorney-client 
relationship exists between either firm and any other person by reason of such person making an investment 
in the Partnership. Thc Investor understands and acknowledges that the Investor should consult its own 
legal and tax advisers in connection with the formation of the Partnership and the sale of the Interest. The 
Investor also understands that no independent counsel has been retained to represent the Limited Partners. 
The Investor acknowledges that neither Cleary Gottlieb nor Maples and Calder have independently verified 
any factual assertions made in the Memorandum and are not responsible for the Partnership's compliance 
with its investment program or applicable law. The Investor represents that it has not relied upon Cleary 
Gottlicb's or Maples and Calder's participation in the preparation of the Offering Materials or its 
representation of the parties named above in connection with its investment in the Partnership. 
(w) 
Privacy Notice. If the Investor is a natural person. it acknowledges receipt of the 
notice attached hereto as Exhibit F regarding the privacy of financial information under Regulation P, 12 
C.F.R. 1016 ("Regulation P"), adopted by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and agrees that the 
Interest is a financial product that the Investor has requested and authorized. In accordance with Section 
of Regulation P, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Partnership may disclose nonpublic 
personal information of the Investor to the other Limited Partners. as well as to the Partnership's 
accountants, attorneys and other service providers as necessary• to effect, administer and enforce the 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082729 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228913 
EFTA01383105

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383106.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383106.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
(A) 
named on any prohibited lists maintained by the U.S. or UK government, 
including, but not limited to, the OFAC list of Specially Designated 
Nationals and Blocked Persons or other similar list of sanctioned persons, 
entities or jurisdiction designated by the General Partner from time to time; 
(ii) an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is 
organized under the laws of, a country or territory that is subject to 
Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory; or 
(iii) is otherwise a country, territory, entity or individual with whom 
dealings are restricted or prohibited by Sanctions (any such country, 
territory, entity or individual described in this paragraph (A), a 
"Sanctioned Party"); 
(B) 
a country, territory or entity that (i) has been designated as non-
cooperative with international anti-money laundering principles or 
procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the 
Financial Action Task Force ("FATF"), of which the United States is a 
member, (ii) is the subject of an advisory issued by the Financial Crimes 
Enforcement Network of the U.S. Treasury• Department; or (iii) has been 
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury• under Section 311 of the USA 
PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering 
concerns (any such country or territory•, a "Non-cooperative Jurisdiction"), 
or an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is 
organized under the laws of, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction; 
(C) 
a senior foreign political figures or any immediate family' or close 
associates of a senior foreign political figure; or 
(D) 
a "foreign shell bank", which is a foreign bank that does not have a 
physical presence in any country. (The term "foreign shell bank" does not 
include any bank that (i) is an affiliate of a depository institution, credit 
union, or foreign bank that maintains a physical presence in the United 
States or a foreign country, and (ii) is subject to supervision by a banking 
authority in the country regulating the affiliated depository institution, 
credit union, or foreign bank described in (i) above.) 
(2) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived or originated from, routed through 
or otherwise related to, any Sanctioned Party or foreign shell bank or any activity 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; (B) no cash, property or item of value that 
'I
A "senior foreign political figure" is a current or tomer senior official in the executive, legislative. 
administrative, military or judicial branches of a foreign government (whether elected or not), a senior official 
of a major foreign political party, or a senior executive of a foreign govenunent-owned commercial 
enterprise. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, a "senior official" is an individual with substantial 
authority over policy, operations or the use of government-owned resources. In addition, a "senior foreign 
political figure" includes any corporation, business or other entity that has been formed by. or for the benefit 
of, a senior foreign political figure. 
"Immediate family" of a senior foreign political figure includes the figure's parents, siblings, spouse, children 
and in-laws. 
A "close associate" of a senior foreign political figure is a person who is widely and publicly known (or 
actually known by the Subscriber) to maintain an unusually close personal or professional relationship with 
the senior foreign political figure. 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082731 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228915 
EFTA01383106

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383107.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383107.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Investor receives from the Partnership will be used in any transaction or manner 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; and (C) no Sanctioned Party will have any legal 
or beneficial interest in the Investor or the Investor's Interest; 
(3) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived from, or related to, any activity that 
is deemed criminal under United States or UK law or the law of the jurisdiction in 
which such activity took place, and (B) no part of the proceeds of the Investor's 
investment in the Partnership w ill be used to finance any such unlawful activities; 
(4) 
no contribution or payment by the Investor to the Partnership, to the extent that 
they are within the Investor's control, and no distribution from the Partnership to 
the Investor (assuming such distribution is made in accordance with instructions 
provided by the Investor) shall cause the Partnership or the General Partner to be 
in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money 
Laundering Control Act of 1986, the Uniting and Strengthening America by 
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 
2001, the criminal money laundering provisions set forth in Title 18 of the United 
States Code or any other applicable anti-money laundering laws or regulations, in 
each case as amended and any successor statute thereto and including all 
regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering 
Laws"); or Sanctions; and 
(5) 
if the Investor is a fund of funds or other entity investing on behalf of third parties, 
(i) the Investor is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Anti-
Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions, (ii) the Investor has anti-money 
laundering policies and procedures in place reasonably designed to verify the 
identity of its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors and their sources of 
funds and to confirm that no beneficial owner and/or underlying investor is a party 
with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from dealing under applicable Sanctions, 
and (iii) the Investor has established the identities of and conducted thorough due 
diligence with respect to all of its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors 
who beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the Investor or 
invested funds. For purposes of this Section 2(aa), "controlling party" means any 
person or entity who owns more than 50% of the economic interest in another 
person or entity or controls the board of directors or similar governing body, the 
day-to-day operations or material business decisions of such other person or entity. 
In the event that the Investor should learn after executing this Subscription Agreement that any of the 
representations made in this Section 2(aa) either was not at the time of execution, or is no longer, accurate, 
the Investor agrees to promptly inform the General Partner in writing of such inaccuracy. The Investor 
further agrees to promptly provide to the General Partner any additional information regarding the Investor 
or its beneficial owners that the General Partner deems necessary• or convenient to ensure compliance with 
all applicable laws concerning money laundering and similar activities. The Investor understands and 
agrees that if at any time it is discovered that any of the foregoing representations are incorrect, or if 
otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or administrative pronouncement related to money 
laundering and similar activities, the General Partner may undertake appropriate actions to ensure 
compliance with applicable laws, regulations and administrative pronouncements, including, but not limited 
to those actions described in the Partnership Agreement. The Investor further understands that the 
Partnership or General Partner may release confidential information about the Investor and, if applicable, 
any underlying beneficial owners, to proper authorities or the general partner of the Underlying Fund if the 
PROMETARY AND CONFIDEN17AL 
II 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082732 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228916 
EFTA01383107

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383108.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, determines that it is in the best interests of the Partnership in light of 
relevant rules, regulations and administrative pronouncements under the laws set forth in this Section 2(aa). 
(bb) 
Confidentiality. 
The Investor shall maintain the confidentiality of (i) the 
Non-Public Information (as defined below) and (ii) any information subject to a confidentiality agreement 
binding upon the General Partner, the Partnership or the Investment Manager and made known to the 
Investor: 
vi _ that the Investor may disclose Non-Public Information to (A) its officers, fiduciaries, 
employees, agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors or (B) to the extent the 
Investor is required to disclose such Non-Public Information by a court of competent jurisdiction or other 
governmental authority or otherwise as required by law provided that (x) in the case of clause (A), such 
persons are notified in advance of the confidential nature of such Non-Public Information, and who are, 
either by the nature of their positions or duties or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially 
equivalent restrictions and (y) in the case of clause (B), the Limited Partner promptly, and in any event 
prior to making any such disclosure, notifies the General Partner of the court order, subpoena, 
interrogatories, government order or other reason that requires disclosure of the Partnership Information so 
that the General Partner may seek a protective order or other remedy to protect the confidentiality of the 
Non-Public Information or other appropriate remedy. As used in this Section 2(bb), "Non-Public 
Information" means Partnership Information, but does not include information that (i) becomes publicly 
available (other than by reason of a disclosure by the Investor) or (ii) the disclosure of which has been 
consented to by the General Partner in writing. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees that 
Non-Public Information contains trade secrets and is proprietary and understands that the disclosure of such 
Non-Public Information is not in the best interest of the Partnership or the Underlying Fund and the 
disclosure of such Non-Public Information would cause substantial harm and damages to the Partnership, 
the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investor and the 
Investor's employees, representatives and other agents, may disclose to their professional advisors 
(including, without limitation. their attorneys and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or 
other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal and state income and franchise 
tax treatment and U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax structure of the transactions contemplated 
hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the 
Investor relating to such tax treatment or tax structure insofar as such treatment and/or structure relates to 
a U.S. federal or state income or franchise tax strategy provided to the Investor provided, however, that the 
Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall not disclose any other information 
that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction (including the 
identity of the party and any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or 
any other information to the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in violation of any U.S. 
federal or state securities law. 
(cc) 
FOIA. Except to the extent otherwise disclosed to the General Partner and 
acknowledged by the General Partner in writing prior to its admission to the Partnership, the Investor 
represents that it is not a FOIA Partner (as defined herein). The Investor agrees to provide prompt written 
notice to the General Partner if at any time during the term of the Partnership (i) it becomes a FOIA Partner, 
or (ii) it becomes aware of any reason. whether under law, regulation, policy or otherwise, that it or any of 
its equity holders will, or might become compelled to. use the Partnership Information other than as 
contemplated by Section 14.8.8 of the Partnership Agreement or disclose Partnership Information in 
violation of the confidentiality restrictions in Section 14.7.8 of the Partnership Agreement. For purposes 
of this Agreement, a "FOIA Partner" shall mean any Investor that is (A) directly or indirectly subject to 
either section 552(a) of Title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the "Freedom of Information 
Act") or any similar federal, state, county or municipal public disclosure law, whether foreign or domestic; 
(B) subject, by regulation, contract or otherwise, to disclose Partnership Information to a trading exchange 
or other market where interests in such person are sold or traded, whether foreign or domestic; (C) required 
to or will likely be required to disclose Partnership Information to a governmental body, agency or 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082733 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228917 
EFTA01383108

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383109.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383109.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
committee (including, without limitation, any disclosures required in accordance with the U.S. Ethics in 
Government Act of 1978, as amended, and any rules and regulations of any executive, legislative or 
judiciary organization), whether foreign or domestic, by virtue of such person's (or any of its Affiliate's) 
current or proposed involvement in government office; (D) an agent, nominee. fiduciary, custodian or 
trustee for any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) where Partnership Information 
provided or disclosed to such person by the Partnership or the General Partner is provided or could at any 
time become available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C); or (E) an 
investment fund or other entity that has any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) as a 
partner, member or other beneficial owner where Partnership Information provided or disclosed to such 
person by or on behalf of the Partnership or the General Partner is disclosed to or could at any time become 
available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C). 
(dd) 
Underlvinz Fund; No Recourse. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees 
that the Investor shall not be a limited partner of Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities IV, LP, an 
English private fund limited partnership, shall have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund and shall have 
no voting rights in the Underlying Fund. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Investor 
shall have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the general partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Underlying Fund Manager"), their respective Affiliates or any of their respective advisors, officers, 
directors, employees, partners or members. The Investor understands and acknowledges that the Underlying 
Fund Manager will have confidential information relating to the Underlying Fund and its investments that 
has not been disclosed to the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Partnership or the Investors. 
The Investor hereby waives all rights it may now have or hereinafter acquire against such parties arising 
out of or in connection with such non-disclosure of such confidential information. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Underlying Fund Manager is not responsible for the formation or 
operation of the Partnership; (ii) the Underlying Fund Manager has no responsibility with respect to any 
document relating to the Partnership and has not prepared any such documents, including. without 
limitation. the Memorandum (excluding the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the 
Underlying Fund attached to the Memorandum); and (iii) the Underlying Fund Manager does not owe any 
duties, including fiduciary duties, to any investor or potential investor in the Partnership or shall bear any 
liability in connection with the offering and sale of Interests. The Underlying Fund Manager shall be a 
third-party beneficiary of this Section 2(dd). The Investor (A) acknowledges that in addition to the fees 
and carried interest payable by the Partnership to the Underlying Fund, it will be subject to certain additional 
fees and expenses of the Partnership (including Management Fees and Partnership Expenses, as described 
in the Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement) that it would not otherwise be subject to as a direct 
investor in the Underlying Fund, and (B) agrees that it will not bring, and will not threaten to bring, an 
action or claim against the Underlying Fund or the Underlying Fund Manager as an investor in the 
Partnership or in connection with its interest in the Partnership; provided, that, to the extent that such 
agreement is deemed to waive compliance with the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, such waiver is void. 
The Investor further acknowledges that the Investment Manager does not have the power to bind or commit 
the Underlying Fund, the Underlying Fund Manager or any of their respective affiliates. 
(cc) 
Plan Investor Representations. If the Investor is a "Plan Investor" (i.e., (1) any 
U.S. pension or other employee benefit plan or trust subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement plans); (2) any U.S. plan or 
account subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as 
IRAs or Keoghs); (3) any entity deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans described in the preceding bullets 
(such as certain hedge funds that manage ERISA assets); and (4) any fiduciary that otherwise manages or 
handles the assets of any of the plans or entities described in Items 1-3) then the Investor and the person 
executing the Agreement on behalf of the Investor (the "Investor Fiduciary"), both in its individual and 
fiduciary capacity. agree. represent. warrant and acknowledge that: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082734 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228918 
EFTA01383109

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383110.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383110.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
of 1934; and/or (e) an independent fiduciary that holds, or has under management 
or control, total assets of at least $50 million (provided that this clause (e) shall not 
be satisfied if the Investor Fiduciary is either (i) the owner or a relative of the owner 
of an investing IRA or (ii) a participant or beneficiary of the Plan Investor investing 
in such capacity); 
(15) 
the Investor Fiduciary is a fiduciary of the Investor within the meaning of ERISA 
and/or the Code with respect to the Investor's proposed purchase of an Interest; 
(16) 
the Investor Fiduciary is independent of iCapital and its Affiliates, in that it has no 
relationship to, or interest in, any of the foregoing persons that might affect the 
exercise of its best judgment as a fiduciary; 
(17) 
the Investor Fiduciary has the discretionary authority to make the proposed 
purchase of an Interest and, by executing this Agreement, has so exercised that 
authority exclusively; 
(18) 
the funds so constituting plan assets have been identified in writing to the General 
Partner; 
(19) 
the Investor's proposed purchase of an Interest is permissible under the documents 
governing the investment of such plan assets; 
(20) 
in making the proposed purchase of an Interest, the Investor and the Investor 
Fiduciary are aware of and have taken into consideration the diversification 
requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA or other applicable law, if any, and 
the decision to invest plan assets in the Partnership is consistent with such 
provisions; 
(21) 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the acquisition and redemption 
of the Interest, either (a) is not a prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code, 
or (b) is exempt from the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of ERISA 
and Section 4975(c)(1XA)—(D) of the Code by virtue of a Department of Labor 
Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or some other exemption of such rules; 
(22) 
if the Investor is an employee benefit plan subject to the fiduciary provisions of 
Title I of ERISA with total assets of less than $50 million or an individual 
retirement account, Keogh plan and/or other plan subject to Section 4975 of the 
Code that is not subject to the fiduciary provisions of ERISA (or if the Investor is 
an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of such an account or plan), 
none of the Partnership, the General Partner or any of their Affiliates has had any 
interaction, contact or discussions with the Investor, other than through the 
Investor Fiduciary, relating in any way to the investment by the Investor; 
(23) 
to the extent the Investor is an individual retirement account, Keogh plan and/or 
other plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code that is not subject to the fiduciary 
provisions of ERISA (or if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets include 
the assets of such an account or plan), (a) the Investor Fiduciary is not the "IRA 
owner" (within the meaning of Department of Labor Regulations Section 2510.3-
21(g)(5)) of the Investor (or, if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets 
include the assets of an individual retirement account, the Investor Fiduciary is not 
PROP:UE-14El AND CONF1DEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082737 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228921 
EFTA01383110

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383111.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383111.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
the "IRA owner" of such an individual retirement account), and (b) to the extent 
the Investor's Interest is being held by a custodian, (x) the General Partner may, 
without further instruction or consent of the Investor or any beneficial owner of 
the Investor, re-register the Investor's Interests in the name of the beneficial owner 
of such Investor upon instruction provided by such custodian that it is no longer 
willing to retain custody or act as custodian for the Investor's Interests and the 
Investor has not simultaneously provided a substitute custodian for such individual 
retirement account, and (y) such re-registration may have adverse consequences to 
the beneficial owner of such individual retirement account; 
(24) 
if the Investor is acquiring an Interest with the assets of the general account of an 
insurance company, the Investor represents. warrants and covenants that on each 
day the Investor owns an Interest either (a) the assets of such general account arc 
not considered to be plan assets within the meaning of Department of Labor 
Regulations Section 2510.3-101 or Department of Labor regulations issued 
pursuant to Section 401(c)( I )(A) of ERISA, or (b) the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement, and the acquisition and redemption of the Interest, is exempt from 
the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of ERISA and Section 
4975(e)( I )(A)—(D) of the Code by virtue of Department of Labor Prohibited 
Transaction Class Exemption 95-60 or some other exemption of such rules; 
(25) 
by signing this Agreement. each Investor that is either a Plan Investor or using the 
assets of an insurance company general account hereby covenants that if, after its 
initial acquisition of an Interest, at any time during any month the percentage of 
the assets of such general account (as reasonably determined by the Investor) or 
Plan Investor, as applicable, that constitute "plan assets" for purposes of Tide I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code exceeds the percentage specified by the 
Investor in Question 4(a) of Exhibit B or Question 2 of Exhibit E, then such 
Investor shall promptly notify the General Partner of such occurrence in writing; 
and 
(26) 
The Investor agrees that the foregoing acknowledgements and representations 
shall be deemed continuing acknowledgements and representations, and the 
Investor shall immediately notify the Partnership in writing if any of such 
acknowledgements or representations becomes untrue or materially misleading. 
(ft) 
Non-U.S. Emnlovee Benefit Plans. If the investment in the Interest is being 
made on behalf of an employee benefit plan maintained outside of the United States primarily for 
the benefit of persons substantially all of whom are nonresident aliens (as described in Section 
4(b)(4) of ERISA), (i) there is no provision in the instruments governing such plan or any federal, 
state or local or foreign law, rule, regulation or constitutional provision applicable to the plan that 
could in any respect affect the operation of the Partnership by the General Partner or prohibit any 
action contemplated by the operational documents and related disclosure of the Partnership, 
including, without limitation, the investments which may be made pursuant to the Partnership's 
investment strategies, the concentration of investments for the Partnership and the payment by the 
plan of incentive or other fees, and (ii) the plan's investment in the Partnership will not conflict 
with or violate the instruments governing such plan or any federal, state or local or foreign law, 
rule, regulation or constitutional provision applicable to the plan. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082738 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228922 
EFTA01383111

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383112.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
3. 
Closing and Capital Contributions. 
(a) 
The closing of the sale and purchase of the Interest (the "Closing") shall take place 
on such date and at such time and place as shall be selected by the General Partner. The initial capital 
contribution for the purchase of the Investor's Interest as well as each additional capital contribution shall 
take place at such times and in the manner specified in the Partnership Agreement. 
(b) 
The Investor hereby directs the Investment Manager of the Partnership to invest 
all of the funds contributed to the Partnership by the Investor (except to the extent such assets are used to 
pay expenses or used for other purposes pursuant to the terms of the Partnership Agreement). The Investor's 
act of making any subsequent contributions to, or its purchase of any additional Interest in, the Partnership 
will be evidence of the Investor's reaffirmation of this direction. 
4. 
Agreements with Other Limited Partners. The purchases of the Interest by the Investor 
and interests in the Partnership by the other Limited Partners are to be separate purchases front the 
Partnership and the sales of the Interest to the Investor and interests in the Partnership to the other Limited 
Partners are to be separate sales by the Partnership. This Agreement and the subscription agreements to be 
executed by such other Limited Partners are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the "Subscription 
Agreements." 
5. 
Representations and Warranties of the Partnership and the General Partner. The 
Partnership and the General Partner hereby represent and warrant to the Investor that at the time of the 
Closing: 
(a) 
Organization and Standing of the Partnership. 
The Partnership is duly 
organized and validly existing as a limited partnership under the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited 
Partnership Act, as amended (the "Delaware Act") and has all requisite power and authority under the 
Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act to enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement, to 
conduct its activities as described in the Partnership Agreement, to issue and sell the Interest and to admit 
the Investor to the Partnership. 
(b) 
Governmental and Regulatory Approval. Neither the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement, nor the offer or sale of the Interest, requires any material consent, approval or authorization 
from, or filing, registration or qualification with, any United States federal, state or local governmental or 
regulatory authority (including, without limitation, registration under the Securities Act), on the part of the 
Partnership, except for (i) compliance by the Partnership and the General Partner with the requirements of 
any applicable United States state securities laws, and (ii) filing by the Partnership of a Form D with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") pursuant to Regulation D. 
(c) 
Sale of the Interests. All action required to be taken by the General Partner and 
the Partnership as a condition to the sale of the Interest purchased by the Investor has been taken, and the 
Investor will be a Limited Partner of the Partnership entitled to all the benefits, and subject to all the 
obligations, of a Limited Partner under the Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act. 
(d) 
Due Execution and Delivery. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and, assuming the due authorization, execution 
and delivery thereof by the Investor, is a valid and binding obligation of the Partnership, enforceable against 
it in accordance with its terms. The Partnership Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the 
General Partner and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the Limited 
Partners, is a valid and binding obligation of the General Partner, enforceable against the General Partner 
in accordance with its terms. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082739 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228823 
EFTA01383112

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383113.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
any subsequent acts including issuance of the Interest have been taken, which shall be deemed an 
acceptance of this Agreement by the Partnership for all purposes. 
10. 
Confirmation of Representations; Additional Investor Information. 
(a) 
The Investor understands that the information provided herein (including the 
exhibits hereto) will be relied upon by the Partnership and the General Partner for the purpose of 
determining the eligibility of the Investor to purchase the Interest. The Investor agrees to provide, if 
requested, any additional information that may reasonably be required to determine (i) the eligibility of the 
Investor to purchase or hold the Interest and participate in its investment in the Underlying Fund, (ii) the 
Partnership's or the General Partner's compliance with applicable regulatory (including tax and ERISA) 
requirements or (iii) the Partnership's tax status. The Investor represents and agrees that the information 
provided herein (including the exhibits hereto) regarding the Investor is true and correct as of the date it 
executes this Agreement and will be true and correct as of the Closing and as of the date of each capital 
contribution by the Investor to the Partnership. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if there 
should be any change in the information provided herein or in any exhibit or schedule hereto regarding the 
Investor prior to the Closing or at any time during the term of the Partnership, the Investor will immediately 
furnish revised or corrected information to the General Partner in writing. The Investor will furnish to the 
Partnership, upon request, any other information about the Investor reasonably determined by the General 
Partner to be necessary or convenient for the formation, operation, dissolution, winding up or termination 
of the Partnership; provided that such other information is in the Investor's possession or is available to the 
Investor without unreasonable effort or expense. In addition, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that it 
will upon request be required to complete and submit to the Partnership and/or the General Partner a 
questionnaire regarding Disqualifying Events. The Investor further understands and acknowledges that the 
Underlying Fund may be offered in reliance on Rule 506 and the Partnership may be required to make 
representations to the Underlying Fund Manager that the Partnership and its beneficial owners and certain 
Affiliates have not been subject to a Disqualifying Event. 
The Investor further understands and 
acknowledges that the Partnership may take any steps it deems reasonably necessary to comply with the 
conditions set forth in Rule 506 under the Securities Act applicable to the offering and sale of the Interest 
(including, but not limited to, compulsorily redeeming all or a portion of the Interest held by the Investor 
or requiring the Investor to waive all or a portion of its voting power with respect to the Partnership). 
(b) 
If the Investor holds a wealth management or similar account with its Financial 
Advisor (a "Financial Advisor Account"), the Investor may agree that all Capital Contributions and 
distributions will be made through such Financial Advisor Account pursuant to a letter of authorization: 
provided that the Investor understands that if it closes such Financial Advisor Account during the term of 
the Partnership such Financial Advisor shall be permitted to provide the General Partner or the 
Administrator with such documentation obtained from the Investor with respect to identification 
verification information or other information required by anti-money laundering or other governmental 
regulations and if the General Partner or the Administrator is unable to obtain this information from the 
Financial Advisor or the Investor, the General Partner may "freeze" the Investor's Interest, either by 
prohibiting additional Capital Contributions or distributions or declining any transfer request. 
11. 
Indemnity. The Investor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership. the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager, any Affiliate of the Partnership, the General Partner or the 
Investment Manager and any director, officer, partner, member, manager, employee, or agent of any such 
party (the "Indemnitees"), from and against any loss, damage, or liability (a) due to or arising out of a 
breach of any representation or warranty (including any misrepresentation made by the Investor with 
respect to the matters about which representations and warranties are required) or any failure to fulfill any 
covenants or agreements of the Investor contained in this Agreement (including the exhibits hereto) or in 
any other documents provided by the Investor to the Partnership, the General Partner or the Investment 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082741 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228925 
EFTA01383113

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383114.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383114.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Manager in connection with the Investor's investment in the Partnership or (b) arising as a result of the sale 
or distribution of the Interest by the Investor in violation of the Securities Act or other applicable law. 
12. 
Withholding Forms; Additional Information. 
(a) 
The Investor represents, warrants and agrees (for the benefit of the Partnership and 
of any Person that participated in the offer or sale of the Interest) that it will provide in a timely manner 
such information regarding the Investor and its beneficial owners and forms as requested by the General 
Partner, including (i) a properly completed Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Tax Form W-8BEN, W-
8BEN-E, W-8IMY, W-8EXP or W-8ECI (each, a foreign person certificate) or W-9 (a U.S. person 
certificate), as appropriate, (ii) any forms requested by the General Partner to comply with the Partnership's 
obligations under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, all rules, regulations and 
other guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, any agreements 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, and all applicable 
intergovernmental agreements entered into between the United States and another country (or local country 
legislation enacted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement) (collectively "FATCA") and the OECD 
Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information - Common Reporting Standard (the 
"CRS"), including any local or intergovernmental legislation. regulation or guidance that has been adopted 
to implement CRS, and (iii) the forms of any other national, provincial, state, local or other taxing authority, 
and shall cooperate with the General Partner upon its request in order to maintain appropriate records and 
provide for withholding amounts under applicable tax laws, if any, relating to the Investor's Interest in the 
Partnership, and, further, in the event that the Investor fails to provide such information and/or forms, the 
General Partner, the Partnership and their respective direct or indirect partners, members, managers, 
officers, directors, employees, agents, service providers and their Affiliates shall have no obligation or 
liability to the Investor with respect to any tax matters or obligations that may be assessed against the 
Investor or its beneficial owners. The Investor expressly acknowledges that such tax forms and withholding 
information may be provided to any withholding agent that has control, receipt or custody of the income of 
which the Investor is the beneficial owner or any withholding agent that can disburse or make payments of 
the income of which the Investor is the beneficial owner. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or 
in the Partnership Agreement to the contrary, the Investor hereby waives the application of any non-U.S. 
law to the extent such law would prevent the Partnership or the General Partner from reporting to the IRS 
and/or the U.S. Treasury or any other governmental authority any information required to be reported 
pursuant to FATCA or CRS with respect to the Investor or its beneficial owners. 
(b) 
In addition to any information required to be provided pursuant to Section 12(a) 
above, the Investor covenants and agrees to provide promptly, and update periodically, at any times 
requested by the General Partner, any information (or verification thereof) the General Partner deems 
necessary to comply with audit requirements, adjustments and compliance imposed under Code §§ 6225 
and 6226. 
13. 
Electronic Schedule K-I. The Investor hereby consents to receive Schedule K-I 
electronically (the "Consent") from the Partnership. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that: 
(a) 
Any Investor that does not Consent will be provided with a paper copy of Schedule 
K-I, which will be mailed to the Investor's address on file with the Partnership. and the Investor will pay 
all costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, assembly and deliver), of such Schedule K-I. 
Failure to pay such costs and expenses shall constitute a default pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. All 
Investors that Consent will receive Schedule K-Is only in electronic form. 
(b) 
The Consent applies to each Schedule K-I required to be furnished to the Investor 
by the Partnership unless and until a formal withdrawal of Consent is received by the Partnership. The 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082742 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228928 
EFTA01383114

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383115.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383115.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Investor may formally withdraw Consent by writing (electronically or on paper) to Investor Relations at 
iCapital Network, 60 East 42nd Street, 26" Floor, New York, NY, 10165, or by e-mail at 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com. The withdrawal of Consent will be effective either on the date it is received by 
the Partnership, or on a subsequent date determined by the Partnership and communicated to the Investor 
within 60 days after the Partnership receives the withdrawal. The Partnership will confirm the withdrawal 
and the date on which it takes effect in writing. A withdrawal of Consent does not apply to a Schedule K-I 
that was furnished electronically before the date on which the withdrawal takes effect. 
(c) 
The Investor must inform the Partnership of any updated contact information, 
including e-mail address, mailing address and phone number, as soon as possible. The Partnership will 
inform the Investor of any change in the Partnership's contact information. 
(d) 
The Investor will be required to confirm this Consent electronically through the 
iCapital Platform prior to accessing the Investor's Schedule K-1. 
14. 
(v) 
Access to the into:met, an c-mail address and Adobe®Reader® is required to 
access, print and retain the Schedule K-I. The Schedule K-I may be required to be printed and attached to 
a Federal, State or local income tax return. 
15. 
General. 
This Agreement (i) shall be binding upon the Investor and the legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the Investor, (ii) shall survive the admission of the 
Investor as a Limited Partner of the Partnership, (iii) shall not be assignable by the Investor without the 
prior written consent of the General Partner, and (iv) shall, if the Investor consists of more than one person 
or entity, be the joint and several obligation of all such persons or entities. Two or more duplicate originals 
of this Agreement may be executed by the undersigned and accepted by the Partnership, each of which shall 
be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall 
be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its conflicts of laws). Any 
term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such 
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforeeability without rendering invalid or 
unenforceable the remaining terms or provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or 
enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any ogler jurisdiction. Captions and 
headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect 
the meaning hereof 
16. 
Jurisdiction. The courts of the State of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction over 
any action, suit or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, and the Investor hereby irrevocably waives. 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may have, whether now or in the future, to the 
laying of venue in, or to the jurisdiction of, any and each of such courts for the purposes of any such suit, 
action, proceeding or judgment and further waives any claim that any such suit, action, proceeding or 
judgment has been brought in an inconvenient forum, and the Investor hereby submits to such jurisdiction. 
The parties hereby agree that no punitive or consequential damages shall be awarded in any such action. 
suit or proceeding. 
* * * 
THE INVESTOR MUST COMPLETE, SIGN AND DELIVER THE FOLLOWING LIMITED PARTNER 
SIGNATURE PAGE AND ALL APPLICABLE EXHIBITS TO THE GENERAL PARTNER 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082743 
SDNY GM_00228927 
EFTA01383115

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383116.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383116.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I have received and reviewed the Supplement to the Private 
Placement Memorandum that contains specific infonnation relating to the fees in respect of my investment 
that will be paid to my advisor. 
UPFRONT PLACEMENT FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I will be charged an upfront placement fee equal to the following 
percentage of my Subscription, which amount will be collected by and paid to my advisor 
%. The 
Placement Fee (as defined in the Memorandum) is charged in addition to your Subscription to the 
Partnership and not deducted from the Subscription amount and shall not constitute a capital contribution 
with respect to your investment in the Partnership. 
INVESTOR SIGNATURE PAGE 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned executes this Agreement and acknowledges by its 
signature below that it (i) has reviewed this Agreement, including all applicable Exhibits hereto, and such 
additional information it deems appropriate in connection with its investment in the Partnership, and 
(ii) agrees to be bound by the terms hereof on the date first set forth above. Upon acceptance below by the 
General Partner, the undersigned shall be admitted as a Limited Partner of the Partnership. 
(Sign here) 
(Sign here) 
Name of Signatory:  
Title of Signatory (if applicable):  
Country in which this Agreement 
was signed:  
Date: 
(Sign here) 
Name of Signatory:  
Title of Signatory (if applicable):  
Date: 
Net Amount of Interest 
Requested in USD: $ 
Name of Investor (Individual or 
Entity Name):  
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082744 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228828 
EFTA01383116

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383117.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383117.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Name of Advisor: 
Account Number: 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082745 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228929 
EFTA01383117

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383118.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383118.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Employment Status (employed, unemployed, 
If the year end of the Investor for tax purposes is 
retired, self-employed): 
not December 31, specify tax year end: 
Employer (if applicable): 
FOIA Partners 
Yes 
No 
Occupation: 
Please see Section 2(cc)of this Agreement for the definition of the term "FOI A Panner" 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082747 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228931 
EFTA01383118

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383119.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383119.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
GENERAL PARTNER SIGNATURE PAGE 
Investors should skip this page. 
The General Partner for and on behalf of the Partnership hereby accepts the foregoing subscription 
either for: (a) the amount of Interest set forth below, which will be equal to or less than the amount offered by 
the Limited Partner above, or (b) if left blank, then the Limited Partners entire requested amount of Interest 
set forth next to the Limited Partner's signature above. 
Net Amount of Interest: $ 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
By: Institutional Capital Network, Inc., its sole member 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082748 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228932 
EFTA01383119

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383120.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383120.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
ADVISOR INFORMATION 
If you were introduced to the Partnership or iCapital Network by a Financial Advisor, your Financial 
Advisor will be copied on all communications related to your investment in the Partnership. 
Please provide my Advisor with access to all correspondence from the Partnership. 
My Advisor is: 
Name of Firm: 
Name of Representative: 
Email address of Representative: 
K 
Please send all correspondence from the Partnership exclusively to my Advisor 
listed above. Please note that certain correspondence will still be sent to the Investor as 
required by law. 
INVESTOR CONTACT INFORMATION 
Please complete the following information for each additional individual who will receive notices and 
other communications from the Partnership or the General Partner. 
K Yes, please copy the following individuals on correspondence from the Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
K No, do not copy any additional individuals on correspondence from the Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082750 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228934 
EFTA01383120

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383121.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383121.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
4. 
Please indicate whether the Investor is investing the assets of any retirement plan, employee benefit 
plan or other similar agreement that is subject to Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as an IRA or "Keogh" plan) (a "Plan Investor"): 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
(a) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate what percentage of the 
Investor's assets invested in the Partnership arc the assets of a plan. individual retirement account 
or other arrangement that is described in Section 4975 of the Code, whether or not such plan, 
account or arrangement is subject to Section 4975 of the Code: 
o 
Less than 25% and the percentage is 
%. 
25% or more and the percentage is 
%. 
(b) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate whether or not the Investor 
is, or is acting (directly or indirectly) on behalf of, (A) an employee benefit plan (within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to Title I of ERISA. (B) an insurance company using general 
account assets, if such general account assets are deemed to include the assets of any of the 
foregoing types of plans, accounts or arrangements, for purposes of Tide I of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code under Section 401(c)(1XA) of ERISA or the regulations promulgated thereunder, 
or (C) an entity which is deemed to hold the assets of any of the foregoing types of plans, accounts 
or arrangements: 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
5. 
Please indicate whether or not the Investor is subject to any other federal, state, local, non-U.S. or 
other laws or regulations that could cause the underlying assets of the Partnership to be treated as assets of 
the Plan Investor by virtue of its investment in the Partnership and thereby subject the Partnership and the 
General Partner (or other persons responsible for the investment and operation of the Partnership's assets) 
to laws or regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction provisions 
contained in Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
If the Investor answered "Yes" above, please contact the General Partner immediately. 
PROPRfETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
B-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082753 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228937 
EFTA01383121

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383122.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383122.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Exhibit I) 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT REPRESENTATIONS 
A. 
The Investor is a "qualified purchaser" as defined in Section 2(aX51)(A) of the Investment 
Company Act as a result of 
(I) 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
The Investor is a company' that (i) owns not less than $5,000,000 in 
investments,2 (ii) is owned directly or indirectly by or for two or more natural 
persons who are related as siblings or spouse (including former spouses), or 
direct lineal descendants by birth or adoption, spouses of such persons. the 
estates of such persons, or foundations, charitable organizations or trusts 
established by or for the benefit of such persons, and (iii) was not formed for 
the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. 
O 
(2) 
The Investor is a company, partnership or trust, acting for its own account or the 
accounts of other qualified purchasers, that (i) was not formed for the specific 
purpose of acquiring the Interest, and (ii) in the aggregate owns and invests on 
a discretionary basis not less than ¶25,000.000 in -investments." 
(3) 
The Investor is a trust not covered by Item 1 of this Exhibit that was not formed 
for the purpose of acquiring the Interest, as to which the trustee or other person 
authorized to make decisions with respect to the trust, and each senior or other 
person who has contributed assets to the trust is (a) a person described in Item 
I or Item 2 above, or (b) a natural person (including a person who will hold a 
joint, community property or similar shared ownership interest in the 
Partnership with that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments' worth not less than $5,000,000. 
K 
(4) 
The Investor is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in paragraph (a) of 
Rule I44A promulgated under the Securities Act) meeting the requirements of 
Rule 2a51-1(g) promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 2(a)(8) of the Investment Company Act defines "company" as a corporation, partnership, association, 
joint stock company. trust, fund or any organized group of persons whether incorporated or not. If the Investor 
is a company that, but for the exceptions provided for in paragraph (1) or (7) of Section 3(c) of the Investment 
Company Act, would be an investment company (an "excepted investment company"), all beneficial owners of 
its outstanding securities (other than short-term paper). determined in accordance with Section 3(cXIXA) on the 
Investment Company Act. that acquired such secunties on or before April 30.19% (as "pre-amendment beneficial 
owners"), and all pm amendment beneficial owners of the outstanding securities (other thin short-team paper) of 
any excepted investment company that. directly or indirectly owns any outstanding securities of such excepted 
investment company. have consented to its treatment as a qualified purchaser. See Rule 2a51 2(e) promulgated 
under the Investment Company Act. 
For definition of "investments." see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
D-I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082756 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00228840 
EFTA01383122

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383123.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383123.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
(6) 
The Investor has not committed and will not invest more than 40% of its assets 
(including "committed capital") in any single entity, including the Partnership. 
"Committed capital" includes all amounts that have been contributed to the Investor by 
its shareholders, partners or other equity holders plus all amounts which such persons or 
entities remain obligated to contribute to it. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
C. 
(i) 
Does the Investor have one or more ultimate beneficiaries who (i) am entitled to 10% or 
more of the proceeds from this investment or (ii) hold 10% or more of the control rights of the Investor? 
O Yes* 
No 
(ii) 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries publicly traded? 
K Yes* 
K No 
(iii) 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries a regulated entity? 
K Yes• 
K No 
If the responses to any of the above questions in (C)(i)-(iii) is "Yes," please complete the 
following chart. 
Name of Investor and Each 10% 
Beneficial Owner 
If the Investor or My 
of the 10% Beneficial 
Owners Is Publicly 
Traded, Please Identify 
the Exchange 
If the Investor or Any of the 
10% Beneficial Owners Is a 
Regulated Entity, Please 
Identify Regulator and 
Jurisdiction 
* If yes, please provide further information in the chart or. if there is insufficient space in the chart, please include 
additional sheets of paper with the relevant information. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082758 
SDNY GM_00228942 
EFTA01383123

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383124.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Exhibit E 
PLAN INVESTOR REPRESENTATIONS 
This exhibit is applicable only to Investors who arc "Plan Investors": (1) U.S. pension or other 
employee benefit plans subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement plans); (2) U.S. plans or accounts subject to Section 
4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as IRAs or Keoghs); (3) entities 
deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans described in the preceding bullets (such as certain hedge funds 
that manage ERISA assets); or (4) fiduciaries that otherwise manage or handle the assets of any of the plans 
or entities described in Items 1-3. Each Plan Investor hereby represents and warrants as follows: 
(Please Check "Yes" or "No" as Applicable) 
1. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, that is subject to Title I of ERISA; (ii) a "plan" within 
the meaning of Section 4975(eX I) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code; 
or (iii) any other entity or account that is deemed under applicable law to hold the assets of 
a plan described in (i) or (ii). 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
2. 
The Plan Investor represents that it is, or is acting on behalf of, a person or entity the 
underlying assets of which are "plan assets" within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
K 
Yes. 
The Plan Investor holds "plan assets" and the percentage of 
interests in the Plan Investor held by benefits plan investors, 
determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA is 
%. 
K 
No. 
None of the Plan Investor's assets arc "plan assets" within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
IF AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE PARTNERSHIP, THE 
FOREGOING REPRESENTATION BECOMES INACCURATE, 
THE PLAN 
INVESTOR WILL NOTIFY THE PARTNERSHIP IMMEDIATELY. 
3. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behal f of: (i) a "governmental plan," within the meaning 
of Section 3(32) of ERISA; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity 
in which such a governmental plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a 
governmental plan holds an interest sufficient to subject the entity to applicable state or 
local law governing governmental plans. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
4. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "church plan" within the meaning of 
Section 3(33) of ERISA with respect to which no election has been made under 
Section 410(d) of the Code; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity 
in which such a church plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a church plan holds 
an interest sufficient to subject the entity to the Ades and policies governing the sponsoring 
church. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN71AL 
E- I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082759 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228943 
EFTA01383124

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383125.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
If the Plan Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing questions in this Exhibit E, 
please contact the General Partner immediately. 
5. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of, an "employee benefit plan" which is 
organized outside of the United States. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
6. 
If the Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor represents and warrants 
that, except as otherwise disclosed to the Partnership, the participants in such employee 
benefit plan or plan are not permitted to self-direct investments. If the participants in such 
employee benefit plan or plan are permitted to self-direct investments, more information 
may be required. Please contact iCapital for further instruction. 
7. 
If the undersigned Investor answered 'Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor hereby 
represents and warrants to and agrees with the Partnership that: 
(a) The decision to invest assets of the Investor in the Partnership was made by fiduciaries 
independent of the General Partner or the Administrator and any placement agent, which 
parties are duly authorized to make such investment decisions and who have not relied on 
any advice or recommendation of the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement 
agent or any of their respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, 
directors, agents, representatives or Affiliates; 
(b) None of the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or any of their 
respective employees, representatives, agents or Affiliates has exercised any discretionary 
authority or control with respect to the Investor's investment in the Partnership. nor have 
the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or any of their respective 
partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents, representatives or 
Affiliates rendered individualized investment advice to the Investor based upon the 
Investor's investment policies or strategy, overall portfolio composition or diversification; 
and 
(c) The tenns of the Partnership Agreement or other organizational document, including 
all exhibits and attachments thereto, comply with the Investor's governing instruments and 
applicable laws governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly advise the General 
Partner or the Administrator in writing of any changes in any governing law or any 
regulations or interpretations thereunder affecting the duties, responsibilities, liabilities or 
obligations of the Partnership, the General Partner or the Administrator or any of their 
respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents or 
Affiliates. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
E-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082760 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228944 
EFTA01383125

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383126.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383126.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Exhibit F 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. and its affiliates, iCapital Advisors, LLC and iCapital 
Securities, LLC 
NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Pursuant to Regulation P, 12 C.F.R. 1016 (`•Regulation Ir) adopted by the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau, institutions that provide certain financial products or services to individuals to be used 
for personal, family, or household purposes are required to provide written notices to their customers 
regarding disclosure of nonpublic personal information. We have been advised that we may be subject to 
such requirement. This notice is being provided to you to comply with Regulation P so that you will know 
the type of information we collect about you and the circumstances in which the information may be 
disclosed to third parties. 
In order to accurately and efficiently conduct each fund's investment program. we must collect and 
maintain certain non-public information about you and the fund's other investors. We understand that it is 
our obligation to maintain the confidentiality of this information. As a consequence, we do not disclose 
any nonpublic personal information about our investors or former investors to anyone other than our 
affiliates, investors, service providers, counterparties and employees, except as permitted by law. The 
following describes how non-public information about you and the fund's other investors may be disclosed 
to such persons. 
We may provide limited personally-identifiable financial information such as a schedule of 
investors and capital account information, to all investors in each specific partnership. Certain of our 
investors may retain consultants who receive this information on their behalf. 
We collect, and may disclose to our affiliates and service providers (e.g., our attorneys, accountants, 
lending institutions and entities that assist us with the distribution of stock to our investors) on a -need to 
know" basis, certain nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources: 
Information we receive from you as set forth in your subscription agreement, investor questionnaire 
or similar forms, such as your name, address, and social security or tax identification number; and 
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates and service providers, or others. such as 
your participation in our fund, such as your capital account balance, contributions and distributions and, in 
the case of an investor that is an individual retirement account, information with regard to such account. 
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to 
know that information to provide services to the fund and its investors. We maintain physical, electronic, 
and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information. In addition, we will continue to 
assess new technology for protecting information with regard to our investors. If we have your consent, 
we may also share your personal information with entities other than our affiliates and service providers. 
We will provide notice of our privacy policy annually, as long as you maintain an investment with 
us. The policy may change from time to time, but you can always review our current policy by asking us 
for a copy. 
Should you have any questions regarding the above, please contact Investor Relations at 
ira icapitalnetwork.com. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
G-1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082761 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00228945 
EFTA01383126

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383127.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383127.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower 
Capital 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Offering 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 1P1 ("S0F IV" or the "Fund") is 
being formed by Glendower Capital ("GC"): 
• An independent secondary manager spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management in August 2017 
• fully owned by its partners who worked together for IS years 
• Established 23-strong team with US$3 billion in total client assets and offices in London arc New York 
Glendower's mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
• Strung IN, yout•like performance with an attractive risk profile. earn/ cash flows, arw negligible loss ratio 
• Mature program at 1.7x TVPI and >20% Net IRR and overall program at 1.Sx TVPI and 23% Net IRIV 
SOF IV will continue the successful secondary strategy pursued since 2006: 
• Aiming to build a globally C iversif led portfolio of seasoned funds, GP-let transactions anc 
co-investments on the secondary market 
• Value creation through in-cepth fundamental analysis as opposec to creel structuring 
• Seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior lunc 
Fund key terms30
Target size: 
USS1.75 billion 
Currency: 
US$ 
Investment Period: 
years from final closing 
Term: 
years - extensions (5xlyeari 
Structure: 
English 1.P. 
General partner share: 
Strong and consistent track record2
• 1.25% p.a. of cor rnitmert:s during 
Investment Period 
lurd 
SOF 
SC+ D' 
Sc.,' 
Sc' 
vnaer 
2006 
2010 
20:1 
2014 
• 1.00% pa. of Invested Capital'1 in 
foNvoLopmenes<e5r, 
Furdwr 
thoretscepj 
US$S65r 
(hannungj 
vS$240,
fox/Nertni7) 
OS$614m 
(rarrystor) 
GS$1.654r 
US$2..INCrn 
the following two years 
• "hereafter greater of 90% of 
Tror-auors. %cc% corpoon't 
211154/:,74 
1118/193 
29/25/737 
15/:49/$837 
previous year and 0.25% of 
Net roultyle (TWO 
18* 
3x 
1.5o 
13x 
5. 
Invested Capital 
Net ilsolbuteCI(DPII 
lax 
h 
1.h 
0.34 
09' 
Carded Interest: 
Net IRR 
22% 
29% 
20% 
30% 
23% 
12.5% or a whole fund basis 
Peak re: car ININ.ted caprvl 
76% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
Hurdle rate: 
Consistent top returns among peers: 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performancew 
twt I RR to Irioec paOrelt 
SA.03.;:e. y 'u Wt Ne:inultilk to £r,tet prrtnets‘ 
to, . 
a ie
w
r 
A
y
r 
i. 
t, 
a 
:4 
nro•Ift 
tar 
wn•lf 
:kr II. 
Woo 
01•6). 
111 11111 
23.6 cf,x.;rrtorit. rt,g, (iv lw rOi...reo 
Aztrerito: Mvest,;+: ;^'2u•: /7.:d f :in:1;430n Th,s nv..:O,:oi IS Zr.')
;
.
tC .•, 
e• LX :aro 'nay onik r•-• eitii 
rkr.e. 
s;:f 
.; 
NOS.: 
-art. St‘I:ty :sr..:
ogIf 1.!` p 3 ji>. 
:nftirma.V-: PD$t pefformonce b not an 
i.4tikiiii0,10e fp-01000'e of (utter rt,:tr:, 
8% 
Team commitment: 
Min 1% of total fund size 
Contacts: 
Caro Pirzio-E;roli 
Managirp, Partner & CEO 
+44.2C-&947-7CC1 
carlo.oezioibirotifaglerdowercaraital.corn 
Cnyles &min 
Managing Partner & CIO 
444.2C-3947.70C2 
charges sritth(e)glendowercaoital corn 
Joshua C 6 aser 
Partner. Client Relaticrs 
+1-212-653.8702 
josh glaserggiendowercaoitaiscm 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082765 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228949 
EFTA01383127

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383128.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383128.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP. 
Distinctive investment strategy" 
Glendower will target globally, but primarily in the US and Europe, three types of investment: 
• Fund Secondaries. the purchase of LP interests in existing private ad uity funds; 
• GP-led Secondaries which can often involve greater complexity than traditional Fund Secondanes, and incluCe spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, 
asset heLicaLions, and LP tenders; and 
• Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at the time of the originalacquisition, or tater from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
Glendower's portfolio construction follows an opportunistic barbell approach adjusted to market cycles by dialing up: 
• Discounted Fund Secondaries during market corrections(58% of transactions since inception) 
• Less competitive GP-led Secondaries and off-market Co-investments during normalized market conditions(43% of transactions since inception) 
Identify kw compegthe dials 
• ti5$40maveragedeal size 
• Smaller uS55.100n turd ponfolos 
• Mod sue USS103-250mGP led deals 
Focus on effident portfolio 
construction 
• No leverage at transaction level and limited at 
ponfaolevel 
• sledging to mitigate SO.60%of currency 
volatihty 
• Portfolio diversified across a 35 deals to seek 
to mitigate90%• of nonmarketriska 
Pursue a Swain true value 
approach 
• transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
• Mid-sized alpha value rvestorys large levered 
beta play 
• Value creation through in .depth fundamental 
anSysisys dealstructuring 
Buy man.n else*, 
Purchased 3S0• mature fund interests at a 
discountover 10 years: 
• Average 20% discounttor MY 
• hemp -1O%funded at time of entry 
Established Investment Team Active In the Secondary Market Since 2003" 
• 
23-strong team expected to grow to 26-23 by IHIS 
• 16 investment professionals with an average of 12 years of relevant experience 
Managing Partner, CEO— London 
Deutsche Bank; CO8 Web Tech; 
General Electric; The Boston 
Consulting Group 
Deirdny Davies 
Parther, COO —London 
Deutsche Bank; ABNAmra; 
KPMG 
• 
Relevant Years of experience 
Charles Smith 
 as.
717 
Managing Partner, OO—London 
Deutsche Bank; Bunkers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
Ada m Graev 
0' 
Partner —Newyork 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; Lehman 
Brothers; ChotterferfSoros; Cowen 
Joshua Glaser 
Nabs 0lmos 
a0
Or 
Partner, Meet avenge— New York 
Deutsche Bank; Paul Capital; Forum 
Capita; OBC Oppenheimer 
Managing Director- London 
AD1A; (MS; Deutsche Bonk; Credit 
Suisse 
Chi Cheung 
O 
I 
tr 
Partner —London 
Deutsche Bonk 
I
Francesco Riga montl 
O 4 1 
StriorAdvisor— London 
Deutsche Bonk; Golfo & Co 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228950 
DB-SDNY-0082766 
EFTA01383128

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383129.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383129.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L 
Important Information (1/2) 
'i lire confidentiat presentation (this tresentetion) 6 tieing CerrOint,n,C3Let` Loa limiter: number of sophisticated pectin (each. a "Recipieilti by Gerrit:cheer 
Cepilal LIP ("Otte/asset') (an appomtve representative or Mit:stet:a Adviser:ILI, which ill eethoi <ec arm tete:tat& by the thiir.eti Yineterni Financial Conduct 
Authority) fit the pnrpcse of prostate certain summary information about caftan eristing ant. future funds arc ar.r.ke.fitl that are managed or aevisec by 
Glensiower, iticketrig m cont rcie,e with 'you evaluation of a potential itiverinwei in tie fund to be lebusini m Cs'
iteesiter Capital Secoreiary Cen.e.irienities 
Pure iv. LP (the tune') The enc.:4141h011 iell:lurittO in Oki Presentaticn Is beine mace available to P.ecipieres on a striim oink:tribal !Olt an; in*y not he 
disclosed 
discus:ea web are. person other than any Redpienes aftilites iY eirter:ioral acviyets wiso are bend by obligatient of conic entialey cri a need to 
know bast. Any past performance information herein b not neceserarily indicative of future rest ht and actual warm/lance may oder materially from any 
prory:the or forecasted nerforarame Tit Preset:13W° Is rot rilteriCed to !Orin the ba.so. of any irrSeclirreitt reclean 3nri neerfrinfirt (nett ri/t4 re,/ Oft !hill 
Presentation 3,; pan of any assessment of whether to subscribe for interests in the Fund This Presentation may not be met! for anc roes not constitute an 
offer to se, Ol 
Nr.4l0ttlIF.ln of any oiler to sebscribe for QF pl4CliaSe ;sly :M.:rests ur to eee4asse in any other tcartsaulter The alinrrrAlal inrhrs Preseiitatroit 
inter4:ed to facilltateelscutulen and is not ner:ecearily meaningfulor complete without such supplemental disci;:sion. 
Each Recipient shfould ultis4R its Own attorney. business ac.iset ant. tan anviser a: to legal, bvircrx, ap 4ccoi.oting ars; 'dates. fr.rstlerr, ahncanirrg [he 
ink/twat:on cciitaeter; heidi, ant': ally Itrtvre tiler.r4 of SOF IV. Neither Girt:coy:et, lelitabrirer Arybeir LIP not any of their resserctist affiliates makes arty 
repreurniabon or warranty to any Recipient (sewing tne legality Cr art investnsent in lee Fund, true ir4:etre or GO COnSei;Ler".ei. eX the !eh:ability of an 
investnent for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intone': for bistritel.a.m. ant shall rot be cistribeted. in any jurisdiction where such distribution would violate applicable securities 
laws. 
'ibis Pfts.otAton ma ' refer ter CeltrrIn *Venn: a< having Ottlifrilt and COr.urrientS as ba,kt been enter& into withes may nor hare occhaeti or been entered 
lino at the cote that ilia Presentation k niece laliaikAble Lt. I that Glatierawei expects will occur or be entered into thereafter 
nut Precenthlion IS not an offer to Sell, nor a siaticitatco of an offer to buy, any srrzurity, ere, may rot bet see or relict' upon in conr.ection with any offer or 
stalk:eatie; A private 011efirlij of interests in the rune will he Mace Only piirsuant to the offering ekes:menet for the 
ACCitiOrlal information 
anoot 
itive::trnetit Objective. leirm; ark`. COI.Citifartar of an itiefeemera it. the FuiV. :slid at', contain IAA information ant' tisk disclosures 0'04 are in.extatit 
my inveetnent decision reeweiiite ere Fund. leo utfrion he: teen authofired to make airy statement cceicetning the furze 'Aker than asset kith in the °Petit* 
cor_urnentS ant any such stalerrientS, it mace, new nor be feriae uron The offering &currents will be furrilotiec to ciusatiec Invesme on :a corilicenthal has,: al 
their relhert.The inlyroationcantaine:; in Usk: Presentetesr. will be sereirsedet bV,Brl.liltetirahneii in its entirety by reference to. such oftenng 
An itiveeenteit in the rune will it malice significant risk. inducing loss of the entire investment. The interests in the Furor Will be 
as there t no seconuari 
;natant for letet este in ow n nO ;etc rive is serried& to clelaelOp. there will ter uesirictiore: 
transfenine interests in the rhritl hivestrnent tray be leveraged 
a& tray investment. performance may be volatile. Betel? 'le:tieing to if west in the fund, prospective investsfs sfee:lc read they:flee& niernorendurn a& pay 
c.artia.laf atientien te the Its far ter; &Maki& Pi the effering cocurnents Tne fear and tCpPnit3 thill14.11 in connectkil with en irriiistment ir, sex rend may 
than the tees and e n tom.e.... of oi l er i4ykelyeent OfterMniVeS and May Oise( proles. Investois Mithild have the flnanural Ability rine *queens: ie., to 
accept the risk charxterntes of the Func's investments. 
Potential con!lkts of inter.," may afire from the relationshc between Crenit Suisse Asset kilaroge.rnem timiten arid its atril
ez 4-Credit Lierssel, &ids is 
:oak* as the rbful'ii placement agent Creed Solze
 nit acting and will rot act as a munkipal advbxe within the meaning of Section (175 te the 0rxel-frank 
Wall 'Street Reform arei Cons( rner Protection Art am the fir is end regulations prcretegatee them:rte.:et 
nkmal Advisor Rule"). 
Any renrices, material, or intim:eat:on inet Crime Falisse pre:ties to a municipal entity or raftatec person as Cetinec by the Municipal Adveor Rule reawered 
Party. ) are0we/re& on an ar 011F. tingle, 0ink; ant not as an acetic{ 
licuclary to the Covered Party Coverec Parties stioulc reeisult. with their own internal arc 
eery nal eerwors before raking:it:tier wit!: ret:pect to any .iarNicat; tr.:sic:flat or infreanation orovlei& to them try 
SI.JVAP. Cretin SA,l‘Ce alto Will P2)t SOI1Ce 
a Covered Patty for direct or indirect compensation on behalf of an unaffiliated ins:inerant aeveer for the purpent. of obtaining or retaining an eine:isomer,* for 
that iliW5l.inelit.ftiVirier by theCovered Perty 
fernier: inorritrerenr. atiVi:lraty 
boor on behalf of the Cover& Party. 
fib Presentation contains information that ha:: been or may have been twenty: by a renter of sources ar4 
not been oncenenoeMlv verified Nothing 
containen herein shall constitute any tepresentation or warranty hit re) reSpOnSibility or fiabi ion iS accepted by Glendower. its affiliates or MirabatIla ALIvklelt 
LIP as to the accuraty or completeness*: any infornianon supplier.: herein. 
Unless otheirwlsyr ::laten, the ink:routes° in this Presentation has not been riucited or verifier, by an incepencent party, and sheulo rot be seen fill any 
i'sfeSer-I,ADO.' of cetuiret IAA might be eiekived 
The inform:Won contained herein rmrt de kept strictly re:of:demi:al and may not be repro:ince!: or nye:sitter: 
any foment sietn(nt. tem acl.roval ot the 
NOtratttanding the tnregning. each ItrotStOr and prospective investor (arc eac.h 
repleSerltaInte.Ce other agent ';her erg; tray ele:lose to any 
alto all perstee, wete)tit kinItaton of any gibe, the tax treatment and tax stri ettre re' thdi rEno -via its gnieslineritz: aril all trtaterlait: of any hire hricliganp 
opinions or other tax enalyees) that are rirovicec to sr. ch owestor or prospective investor relating to such tar treatment and tax structure, pro:iced, however, 
that sk.r.l, 0isckise re ;ball not itit.k4.ie the name fir other kenti(ying infi.Ltniation not relevant to the tax structure it tax treatment) of any person and shall:FA 
include information for which noten:clasure Is reasonably necessary in orre; to comply with applicable securities laws 
Past performance is not necessarily mi:cat:ye of future feria: and there can be ro assurance :bat the Fine will achieve comparable reithet, that the return!: 
generate:; VI the Fiat,' will itotail or d'Arbeir those presentrn• herein or that tht FliFic will be able to lInplenerfirt its irfOrlAll'ent C.trOlettleS w el; hieVe its 
iriorarnerit obrectivre;. The Ferieu investment strategy anti applicable invertment , trictuo 
'nay dIler nom tier:* he:tem:ally irrnfAciyer, and econornic 
cons'..itioto inay Offer maternity from the contfitions :incise which any other investment erne or account Inanai.ed Cr devised by Glendower has invested. 
All statenwens or opinion anc / or belief C.OrltrlirleC in this Presentation arc all views expu.sser ern all 0lCper.LCIfIS, 
or statements relatinf& to 
eererctations retie:Atte fetsire eventS or the turseible future I:A-froimbue of the Nine reoineteGifineewer'n (Wile aV:Ari:Inert*Ilt 
.nivnAlicii 
available to 4 as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is mace or assurance given that such statement', views, projections or forecasts ate 
correct. OVA the objectives of Ow fiat-; will he athievee Pr dial investors 
receive a Tee; rn if  their capital 
azeinan, rPo re:pon5ibibly or liability yr enty op cane is of will be aceepted by Glericerwer Of its resorts:wt.athist& adsisers, eirectore ernieoyees or ewes 
for of:rating thir Pferentation (Or any &Cinema information). collecting airy ineccui &ler in it or providing any atteitonal inlorniation to yut. Astereingly, to 
the fullest este& ;-:+setie subject to applicable layr, rice* d Cite:owe/ or Its affiliate:: arFS thAr respective shareholders, agsteit. agents, effecter:. Deicers, 
partners, ineinhers env empleirtes shell be liable (save in the case of fraud) for any ksst (whether elette. Incirect or conseeuential), damage, scat or erpense 
stiffeferi Qr ir:r.Urre7:r by any nefson 
e resift Of reliesor, arw steterrient in. or emesienfrm this presentation 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082768 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228952 
EFTA01383129

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383130.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383130.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SO( IV, L 
Legal thridakners 
for persons In Casaba Thic rratkettng material does not constitute a public offer in the Repirldfic of Columba; it is being distributed under orcurnsuoitec 
wh:di yo,-A constitute a petsho of ferhig 
securities wider applicable Colombran securrtres Nees anti regulations. Neither the products. or the Management 
Company/Issuers hare aria will not be registerer, with the Soperinteriaence of finance of F.olonibia. Potential Colombian investors should rn:Jke their own 
cep:ion *Miler this frrancral protruct meets their investment retgeutrver am, tisk tolerance level Each potentral Colombian ire:es:tor should inake its own 
indultles and cOnSolt 4S Oval VC vii0IS i)! IC this financial product are: the Management COMpanyilssuers, inCluOing the Merit arid risks irreolv,41, and as to 
legal. tax aim feinted matter:: cancer-Sri; an ::vestment in the producas.This riMek fling material is mattered rr: Colombia or prow:eel to Cokerd...ian residents in 
conerhance with Cerree 2555 of 2010 and other applicable roles anti re.g.olations relater to the promotkun of foreign financial anellor Iteci.ritire: related products 
or cervIcre: In Colorthra. Accordingly, the radx,utts may only to proiresteri t4 Cokombran ere:Ili:huts In compliance with ceuree 2W' of 2010 are under 
at cant lane. es which do Mµ constitute a public of
 of securities 'mem applicable Colombian marketing roan: and genet al securities laws arid regulations 
For persona In France. This Presentation can only be communicated to Qualified irarestor: wither the meaning of the article 0411.1 a the Monetary finsfinancial 
,:cr,..emorrer,oO, et FillOrWani tO professNmal clients are) eirgibte counterporties. 
For persons In Guernsey. This Presentation has rot been approve(' •:r attrikarired by lite Gt.ennii:ity Financial Services C.cnorriss4ps or the States of Guernsey 
Policy Comroil 
For Penn In Hatt Ths Pnejenntalit'4i 6 fee general informatiorat may/5es only. ?lathing in this Presentatitai e intended to constitute fironcial advice. Ho 
Put& or OniVilini •:ilferlre of the IribeleStS Is Prong made In Hartland no agreement rekr tog 
the sale of the Iriteret, will be cOncludec in Hale 
For persons ki Hong Kay The krfor ;nation rnernonocilni in relation to any interest and/or investment referred lobules Presentation has nit been approved 
by the Securities acv: Futures Conanission of Hong Kong. Accordingly la) any interests or securities may not be offered or cop, and Ivor, not been offerers or 
sold in Hong Ke-ng, 17 means of any document, other than to IN-Professional insescors" ax clefered :n the Securities and Futoresi:relircarce (Cap. )17.11 of Hens 
Kong and any rut% node under that Ordinance: or flit In other circumstanced which co not remit in the (too...neat berm; a -riroweourc" as (refired in the 
Camp:Inlet: Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Cong or which do rot cent:title an offer to the Dash( within the meaning of that Or ;r
 art (b) no person toe: 
cued or had In its Ousseavon for the purposes of issue. and will not Issue or have in its possesskv, for tile purpose:: 
Wsne. whether in Kong Kong or 
elsewhere. aryl advertisement, twitat ion or document relating to any interest or securities, which at:Cifext./xi at. or the contents of which are or are likely to be 
accesseur or rev": by, the public in H083 gong (except rf permitted to cio %, ',hoer securities laws of Hong Kong) oche; than with respect to any interese or 
Securities which are OF are interv.ied to be di4y0Sed of onki to perterns ootirce Hong long or amt.. to 'prOfeSional inveStOrs' within the deferrtion Of the 
Secriritiestaric Furores Ordinance (Cap. 5711of Hong Kong airs any rules made ordier that Ordinance 
Fa persons In brae. This Presentation has not teen approves by the Istre.r)Searilies Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli resicents in a manner that 
rife not constitute 'an oiler to the public" once' sections 15 are.t.iSa of the tsrael Se 
cities LA4 517,8-196g fl ier Securities taw') or section 25 of le swis 
investment Trusts Laver 5754-19dA ('* 
Joint investment Trusts Law'). as applicable TM imxtucts "resulted in this Presentation (the 'Products') are being 
offered so a linlited rwitthisr of lin...slims {35 in
 or fewer during any given 12 month period) and/or those categories of iramstors Pstesi in 11w First 
Metter:lino ("the Aterendure) to try iecoritles Uldt, r5QpiliVOCALOTI InwP.Storini nafnen; joint investment furvit. or mutual post funds, proVitent funds. 
insurance companies, banking corporations (porrltasire,Poscructs for therraelves or for chants ratio am Soplusztoteri Investors', portfolio managers (purctiasing 
Prus,ucts for the)nselveS Or for chentr who are Sophistiv.ated I:Neste:3), invert/nen! isovisors rte inyestnent marketers (waif's:big Prone:Is for themselves), 
members of the Ter -Aviv Stock Sschange (pvicrecing Products for thene7‘r.fves or for clients who are fgupliisticatiso investors), underwriters (purstasing 
Pro-Suraz ice thernselser.), venture cupta) ft.m.s envie-lc mainly in ifve capital market. an entity which rs wrmessawned by Sophisticatet investor.. 
darer/rations, (other train Marten for the specific peril se of an avAmiSinon porioani to an crier). with a SharehOlders eluity In eacess of NC. SO million, and 
imrskicalr. in respect of whom the teens e4 kinnir in: the .-..chearn. 
to the arrest ment Acvice Law bold true investing for their own account, :n respect Qt wh-kh 
at least one of the following applies: the total value of their cash, apposes, financial assetz (as refined ini the Investment Arivice Law) ark- securities tracer on a 
stock es.r.lernge lisereaed under the Sin:untie,: Law (together, 'trout As.d.,fc- i exceeds pas 8 sho rt thiv n.), liy,37.0./ L 
thtra.p..,,a,i of ily.oine 0.der 
of the precei.!ing two years exceeds HIS 1.2 million lappiorinsile* 1200.000), or the level of income of then 'family unit" exceeds HIS 1.8 nallion 
i.arsproarrriatekiiKa,,00:3): or the aggregate value of aft Veit tior0 Asset; exceeds tarr 5 arilion lapprcerniatefy Er110.000) any: their Nve! of income Veer eat, 
of the precteing two years exceeds NIS 6110,000 (approximately 1100,000), or the level of inosires at their 'family unit' es Ortecet NIS 900.(i(t) (approximately 
1150,00)), each as cetined in the salmi Aekerettir0, 
arrfixie-s, nom time to time. and who in ex!, care have wonted written conFiriflatioir that they yuatiiy31:
SophrstaW1 Investors, ant that they are aware of the COrCelluenCeS 01 such resignation are agree thereto; in all casyS under circumstances that will fall 
within tees priudte oacerrynt C  other ereensptru-rs of the Joint investment Trusts Line. the Securities taw and any applicable pcidel!nes, doorrouncements 
tnlings issuw. Iron: time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This PiesentatiOn may not Pre reprOduden Or t•sed for airy other purpose. nor be hamster:I to any other parson other titan those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product is pviritMsng Snell PrOeitiCt for 
c oven benefit and account and not with the aim or interaSees of orsurbuting or 
offering such Product to other parti 
(other than, in the case of an offeree which is a Sophsticater Investor by virtt e of it being a barduing corporation, 
manager 
irVinber c4 I.Pas Tel.Avve5tc‘k Enteroge. as defined in the AuCentlom, wheremai:offerer:is purchasing Product for another part:re:11km* 
a Sophrsticatec investor). Nothing a. this Presentation should be sonricered investment adore or investment marketing as definer in the Regulation of 
Investment CourrS.filie '''' Investriven:Marketing ant: Portfolio MVnagvnieni Law, 575h..1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek con-rt.:lent Investment cot reselling from a Molly Manse, investment coons& ['Svc to snaking the inved:Inernt As a 
prereoursest to the receipt of a come of tub Presentation a recipient shall be recruited by the fund to pros-ice oonfirrnation that it is a Sophisticated Investor 
;ruche:An:Products for its own accorad: or, where applkable, (a other Sophisticated Investors. 
This nridentatain does not constitute an offer to sell of SofisitaflOn of an cater to buy any sea.rities (Alt than the merest& in the form offered hereby, nor 
roes it f.c41.ctio.:te an offer to ::ell to or 
roik-itat_koi a an offer t4 too/ is OM any person of perpOrir in any state or other liars:Cr:ikon in which such offer Or 
soldtalkirilwxlil be onlawful, or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not Qualified to Co so, or to a person or persons to when, it is unlawful 
to make such offer Or tolicication. 
fa plata In Japan. The ifilorniatroii in relation to any interest. and/ or irwesirrient rws not been arei will riot be registereu puts:Ant No rerrth.re 4, Paragraph I of 
the Financial instrument and Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1918 as amerced) (the 'Mtn and accordingly, any interest and/or investment in them 
may not be allergy; or 
erectly or irvirreCtIV. In Japan or to, or for the tenet of any faparw.se person or to others for se-oljering Cr reside. sliFecriy or 
roorrectly, In Japan or to any Japanese person except ureter clicurnelances which will result in etrophance with all applIcat.le laws, regulations ant ittatielillCi 
prom..Igate0 by the relevant Japanese governmental and n,ltilatOly3titnoritie:: and in erica at the ettivvant tiled!. For tit pfirf.p.sie, "Japanese t., tilii10" means 
any port:or:resident in Japan, includir€any COrpOr atiOn or Other entity organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, 
rnatelial kSCSInblit40 try Credit Suisse Securities won) t tro,itc ('CSA:), a regotereo clnane.oal instruments rum (01recw•Gentral of Kanto local 
rioNlto gateau (icrnshoI No. 66). OIL sa member of Japan iecurit
s Stealers Association, isikile-1:1311iitnrel. AS80d.3tiOn of Japan, Japar: Invetter.?.nr: At'Vt'a'r 
k•SOCi3tiOn and Type II Financial InstMirients Firms Association. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082771 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228955 
EFTA01383130

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383131.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383131.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOf IV, L P 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Malaysia. This dock meat is provicsk on a C011idellti3i basis and made upon your veriest. Tnis riocunierit roes not COME aLte, and shot:lc not be 
ctn.:ruevas•xr:scil;ing.an offer or invitation testeisuribe first purchase sty seuiritxm 44: defines; in the Ca peal Markets anti Serthes Ack.:1207) in Ma Ifraia 
or interests (as oefirieti in the Conitranen Act 1965) to the public in Malaysia. The dispatch of this emurnent duet not make available any sect:fetes for 
subscription or poichase in Malaysia. This Cut nenr. las been issued mitide 
fslaysia ;stir no issue, offer of inv.tat e. once: thes rocunient has any ef fest in 
MataySha 
For persons to Mexico. This marketing material b rdlributed in the United Me,lkaco Hate; rfenraitol by ;. (oreip, Financial inslitutrum lInstitvtion irn;Hiciera 
cel Exterior) nor subjed to the supentsion o1 the National Banking anti Le:enties Commiusion (Comisien Nacioftal Baniaro y tie Valones) (the "CiaBM) The 
securities mentioned hereby are rot registered in the National flea:Mies Registry (Regbtro National de. Valero:) (the "Min or in the International Gm:talon 
Ss:stein tSrsterro Internacional ye COttraUkdX.S1 (the ”.SICIM the Menem Steak Eitcharate (Eloise MexieaMt de VAk.ite%). theivfoiv such secontsts, Bs issuance, 
pitying, distnbuteer and listing are not subject to the soperAston of MC Chl8V or the prosisions of Mouton law The securities shall flOt bass St.13,11.o.t to public 
offering.labri or brokerage in feleetyst:Ilitst: registered In the HMV or the X OUrsuArk to the applicable legal PrOybtOna. 
For psws In Monnar • Thn Pnxiccfropy not ftif agent,' <tr sole. directly or 0M0OCOV, to the. Public in Monaco other tan by a Monaco Bart or a iluly 
NAM1£13O;Ot e interrneCiary ailing 353 professional iratitutior-iii investor *NCH coos oiler k&.'nviedge: ant] experience in firiarvial anti thisiessas Matters 
as to be capable of is:RA:sting the SR:: and merits of an illY0.5.1MMIt in the rune. Consteuesitly, this tiOctiffeirlit may only be conuritnicated to banks Cady 
liserisec hr Ow `At Mite tie tainift.* PfOOMItier and hilly TgAVISeO pielfolionainageetit. corripariRis by uirtue ir..f Law 
of tr.:1y 26, 19:41 and Law .1.332 
of September 7. 7007. duty licensed by the toinnesidn de Condole ces Activites Finarv.ieres Suet: regulated intefrnettrarier may in torn communicate this 
coo:morn' to ta.a.entisilinveutors 
For persons In NewZee/arid This. stif011hat*:1 bat: bOell ,nepau ed for 3nei rt provided OfO7 bs OmmItret ft( vients. in new &attic wito c Lillie ;sari "MVeStrr-40 
business" or 'government agency" within the meaning of &sure 17(1) arc clause40 of Schesfulel of the New Zealanc litaiu.ral Markets. Conduct Ad 2013. 
For persons In the Suitonete of Conan. The Mformatian contained in this Pr ese.mation neither constiu,ter. a public offer of securities in true Sultanate of Oman as 
creiteisiplatec in the Conenelt ialCompano taw of Coon (e.swal Decree 41.74) or tits Capital Market taw of Oman (Puy& Decree WS:9Si, nor (Mt: It VOOMIO.,'* 
an offer to set or the solicitation of any die; w say NozeOntani securities in the Soltarrafe of Anon as contemptateti by Article I.39 of the Es/mien-is 
Regolations to theCapital Market tawny,
s.er., by Dec iron tio.112CO9I 
Arie.iticK:ally, this Presentation is lot intended to leac to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nalu I t within the territory of the St ftanate of (Aran 
For persons In Cietar Trot interest.; 
the 
an? only tieing offered to a limited number of Insesttars Wei are vagina and able to conduct. an Incedencere 
inaersigation ct the Mils invoked in en inveltment in secti Miereate The promotional riocumeniatioridC+E rice constitute an oiler ro the public and it for the 
k se only of the nanesd ACCo:C.S.EO and should not he given or shown to any other person (ocher Men employees, agents or coroultants in connection with the 
arkiressess'a consideration thereof). The (tad haf. 'VA *eon aryl will riot ha ne&istered with thee:afar central Hank or :sneer any lawn of tie State of Czatar No 
tranraction will he conducted In your pa iscictIon and any inuuliies regarding the interests in the Form should he made tot:41140We, . 
For persons In Saud Arabia. The: lireceniatisn re.ay may not be ciudbuted in the langoom of Saudi Arabb escent to suds persons 3S are iMMItilke• *neer the 
Offers of Seat cities IteguUdions tr!aree by the Capital Market Autiority (the "civt.a.'u 
The (MA cote: not make any reprecitnietliin as to the aatracy or completeness O this Dr.eionstint, one eq.ressly ',delete:, any 
whatmeseir for any lures 
arcing froni, IX Incurred in relance Lars any part <4 the Of -,..entation. erospeatie puttnasers <4 the interest otleoft.:: tenet.; should conduct their own due 
Cilk011iCC on the ucturacy at tie information relating to the interests. if you co not uncerstarv1 the content: of the. Presentation yo. should consult art 
authorized firiancrataelisey 
For penfOnS h Sineletere This Presentafron not a prosPer.tu:: 
delineri :r: the Sraill1esarv.i rutures Act. Chapter 
of Singapore (`;;FA') arc, 11;C not been 
registered as a prospectus with tel: Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under theSCA in relation to the content of prospectuses 
apply, arc this PrOjente".O 1;tzk,ie Foc he construed In arty way as a tottrarnkse or all rifler t9 bus or sell aria inteaest 
irivristnient referred to sir 
this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for you_ The product named in this Presentation is not el thorized or 
retognitee by the Monetary As:Monty of Singapore (the 'MASI ;MC Mete kd ii ,.; interests 
snares alit 
be allovilht to be offeree to retail imiltic in 
Singapore. This Presentation maybe detritatrei. only fij to persons who are TinstItutional investors' under section 304 01 the SFA. 
for persona In Souttt Kona Teas Presentation r; heals proY*.nro to you.: for general etcusson purposes only to gaoge the level of interest in the reievare 
prosi.cts The celdarry of Qin fOrSOMOtioll to you sixtukt not he comer titre ilu 31.y Wei, as riAisiling inveslnient or offering to sea any interests deso gest h. this 
ere:en:anon Rather, betore the sans 01 any men product. the mei will Fest be registered with the Financial Services Cisoundiri-sri In Sotto and a locaiii 
liceriasa entity still be engaged. 
For persons In Sr 
bland. Credit Suite provices no guarantee with regard to the ancient and completeness of the information and Goes not &vein any 
Itanlibi fur loV.rs that might arise Iron. frisking use of the znrurreatron If nothing is a dicated to the contrary, all fig vas are tir
tidityd. 
intorrestan 
pmt.'s:leo herein is far the estluarie use of the recipient Private email( it: private egulty capital investment In companies that are not trailed publicly (I e , are 
rizt Mato tin a stock exchange;. nriyaie equity lose:Relents are generally ill€rhuid and are seen as a long-terns investment. Friseite equity investments. auciunkig 
the Investment opportunity described herein, may inciode the folkwor-g aileltIonal risks: 0) loss of all or a substantial :pietas: of die inseutods investment. fill 
nvestoren: manager: May base incentives to make investment: that are tidier or more specuratke rue to perfortnance.tased compercanon, tar] tack of 
hot:icily as there may be no secondary ITIAlet, 
vOl3tIlity Of fen. Ms, fy) restrictions OF. transfer. (Vi 3 potential p. o. of olversification, fern hitet rev, end 
rr, pereee, (Yin) little or re requirement to provide ecotone( pritung and (iv) coulee^ say SZO.:(.02reS are celays in heave) Ling important tat information to 
in=s: tars. 
The reorsesentallve of the fund in Swatted:Aro is Hugo Puna Services SA, 6 Lairs de Nye, Cie-1204 Geneva (the 'Representativel. The offering documents, 
ant-Assof asioLiatai arid audited thiamin .1.atensehts ten be tenainee free r4 charge horn thy Sepresentariye Inn- piece of per:Any:runnu iniornt of the 
Fund offerer, or cistritittleo in or from Switzerland is the registerec offioe of the Representative. The courts of the cantor of Geranta shall have jurisdiction in 
relation tr, any ognestes arcing not or ihe uetIoss.4 to nerve:new ne. Any rAsoute relater: to the el:Vita:ion of interarts:A the tern, in ere.. from Switzer land 
shall tuusuhlect to theism:eh:lien of the registered /Afire of the reurhbutor 
The Paying Agent In Switaalarkti is Banque Canto ale urr Geneve, 17 Ctilhi ue 
cn-:1207 Geuesu, Se/Rioland (the -Paynn Agenn Interests goy he 
Nab:tribe-1, asettor redeemeo with the Paykig Agent A handling commission will be ct-arger: by the Paying Agent if a subscription or redemption is made 
through the Paying Agent, instructions. a no money must lye receiver: by th.t. paying agent et least ;14 hour% before the approperale dealing co t•of f time. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082772 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228956 
EFTA01383131

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383132.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383132.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L P 
legal disclaimers 
for person; Ina mu and Nest. This Presentation roes not constitute an offer or solicitation in St Kitts anti Nevis This Presertator, ha: not been reviewed by 
the Soo:Mies Commosker or the firencial Serei.to Regultstore Conimissiorr io5t KAts and Neve. 
refobt my a othority ifi St. ICe.t.: one Neastaas passer; utan 
the &tumor or adeouacy of the of teeing or endorsee the merits of tie of teems. the funs: hae riot been are will not be registeresi with any regulatory authority 
ih St. YOU and News.. Each investor :hotly coroult his or he legal arsine' 
occountare or resorcial asIsoor lot aiivice on the 6rsrious legal, to: or ec000nric 
matters uonceetang ark or her investment in the rum: There 
invohre:i 
Inoesting, well the ultimate risk tieing the loss of the 'mentors entire 
in.estIneni 
Fa persons in WEI Abu DhabllOubal. This Maser:rotors and the ittOrrnatenCOntairien herein, does not constitute, area is not reechoed to oxistitute, a public 
otter 
UnitqC Arab Emirates and accmoingly shoulO mat be < cmeruee as moll The interftts in the rt;nd are only being &feted to a Dmilect 
number Pf sophists-steed 'woo:tors in the IJAE who rot ale Willing We able to cOndiat an iceepentlent ewestetation of the fists Insisted m an intestrnent In sail 
interests . rind ibi upon tr*ir specific reeeest. The ',attests in the rent have not been approste by or licensel or registerat with the UAE Central Etank, the 
Sect:title> WWI Commooldes Authority or are/ other rekivarit hearosing atittxxities or governmental agencles in the Inf. The Presematem is for the t ce ed the 
eanitic adUressee only are ;hot k1 not he giver; or shown to any other person retiree than employee's. agents or consultants 
Connection with the addressees 
con:i0eratiot r thereof). WArans'Atiori wilt be cons used :n 
IME are.: any ene vines rega0; 
:met est 
the Furs; stools, be eras* to tiler:0s:we: 
For petiole In the United Staten of America in nI4kIng arc investment OeciSiOrt prospective must ref./ or; their own eywriination of the issuer arm the terms of 
the :lifer rig, inar,InCing the norrits erg risks insolvers. 
The interests haw. not heen re:onoeno.ceei by any letierai or state securities ester:IX5On or regulatory a:the:its. ni n herrricr#.. the toreooing authorities have 
not confirmed this.. accuracy or determines the acen' acy of this Pr senator.. Any representation to the contrary is a cr iminal offense 
The Interests hase rot been art.; will rot he resisteted under the Securities Act, or any state or oit*r 
Lawr. or the birs or any non-U S. jurin,:icticri, nor 
u such registration contemplate:: The Interests will be offered and tac, in the United States only to roalifying reec•ients of the tunes private placement. 
rremorareir m pursuant to the evemphori hen; the registration, foto Irainent.s of the Sect ricks Act provirted by Section 4121 are. Fogulatico Cs thereof are any 
aPPIleable IV51:1A000 proOtt'liOtt 5 therk'tnijir arc' in compliance with the at:pleat:Ito sect rifles lows. of the states and oho fortsciistiony where the offering 
'Mn be n'ace The hiteregs are beings,* tor ioseotment only arc are subsea to restrictions on tosocferability and resale arid may net be transferrer, of resold 
eacept 
peoveesi rn the Foos; Portoerstrip Agreement anti as permittse rosier the Securities Ar.t ate the doper:46k.. ]late setcoties laws. pm:scoot to 
registration c..r exemption therefrom. tnnilen Partners shouk be aware that they will be rectare: to bear the financial ri:P4 of an investment in the interests 
for an ay.efrrate leriee or tine The nose will net be registerei ac an investment annpany rosier the Inveturint Cernpany Art Corzeocently. investors will 
not he affornee the protections Athe investment Company Act. There *di be no pt blic market for the Interests, arc there is no obligation on the part of arty 
t*rOW: re register rhe Interests untie, the $.e.cuntms Act. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082773 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228957 
EFTA01383132

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383133.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383133.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas (together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for the fund associated with this 
presentation material. Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources 
we believe to be reliable. we do not guarantee its accuracy. completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates 
that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU 
UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF 
THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES. INCLUDING THE 
POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD ALSO 
CONSIDER MAKING SUCH INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR 
APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation material does not guarantee or predict 
future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are not insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. governmental agency. are not obligations of or guaranteed by 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.. or any of their affiliates, and are 
subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Further, the securities 
described In this presentation have not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the 
Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund described in this presentation material 
or its affiliates through arrangements that may or may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities. such 
as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our employees, including those of our 
investment representatives who may otter fund interests to clients, may now or in the future own interests in the 
fund described in this presentation material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting. tax or legal advice. Notwithstanding any other express or implied 
agreement, arrangement or understanding to the contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your 
employees. representatives or agents). subject to applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, to disclose 
to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential transaction. and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, 
without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is effective without limitation of 
any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027219 042718 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228958 
DB-SDNY-0082774 
EFTA01383133

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383134.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383134.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
(together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for the fund associated with this presentation material. 
Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, 
completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN 
INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, 
INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD ALSO CONSIDER MAKING SUCH 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
This presentation is intended to be read only in conjunction with the OM/PPM, pitchbook or factsheet. In the event of any discrepancy between these 
documents, the OM/PPM shall govern. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. 
governmental agency, are not obligations of or guaranteed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., or any of their affiliates, 
and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Further, the securities described in this presentation have not been 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund described in this presentation material or its affiliates through arrangements that may or 
may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities, such as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our employees, including 
those of our investment representatives who may offer fund interests to clients, may now or in the future own interests in the fund described in this presentation 
material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. Notwithstanding any other express or implied agreement, arrangement or understanding to the 
contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your employees, representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, to 
disclose to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential transaction, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) 
that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is effective 
without limitation of any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027254 051018 
Deutsche Bank 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082776 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228960 
EFTA01383134

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383135.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383135.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Overview 
April 2018 
iCapital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082777 
SDNY_GM_00228981 
EFTA01383135

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383136.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383136.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Important Information 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation') is for informational and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or investment advice, any recommendation or opinion regarding the appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy. 
or as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy an interest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Underlying Fund') or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities iV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access Fund). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering Memorandum), which will be fumished only to qualified prospective 
investors on a confidential basis. The Presentation is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Offering Memorandum, which contains more detailed 
information about the Access Fund's investment objective, terms and conditions and also contains tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund 
other than as set forth in the Offering Memorandum and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The information contained herein must 
be kept strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the General Partner of the Access Fund 
and the General Partner of the Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in 
the Access Fund. There are important differences between the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund described in the Presentation. An investment in 
the Access Fund is not suitable for all investors. Prospective investors should be aware that investing in the Access Fund involves a high degree of 
risk. There can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital will exist and prospective investors must be prepared to bear capital losses that 
may result from investments. There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Access Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in the Access Fund, prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and expenses charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the 
fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or 
management fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Investors should 
have the financial ability and willingness to accept the risk characteristics of the Access Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of interest may arise 
between the General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of interest are described more fully in the Offering Memorandum. 
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and them can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Prospective investors 
should also bear in mind that past or targeted portfolio characteristics are not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and there can be no 
assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio characteristics or that target portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of investments 
can go down as well as up. In addition, there can be no assurance that unrealized investments will be realized at the valuations shown as actual 
realized returns will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposition, 
any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may be different from the assumptions on which the valuations contained 
herein are based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any management fees, carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by 
investors. which in the aggregate may be substantial. Therefore, actual performance of the Underlying Fund after deduction of such fees and expenses 
would be lower than the gross performance reflected in this Presentation. Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower returns than 
investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the additional fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund. Nothing contained herein should be deemed to be prediction or projection of future performance of the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund. 
iCapital. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082778 
SDNY_GM_00228962 
EFTA01383136

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383137.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383137.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Important Information (Continued) 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund, which would have the effect of lowering the net returns experienced by an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only and are provided for the purpose of making general market data available as 
a point of reference only. 
Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be available for direct investment, may be unmanaged, assume 
reinvestment of income, do not reflect the impact of any trading commissions and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations when 
used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other reasons, may have different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are suitable only for eligible, long-term investors who are willing to forgo liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite period 
of time. They may be highly illiquid and can engage in leverage and other speculative practices that may increase the volatility and risk of loss. 
Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than traditional investments. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before 
investing. Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging, short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• 
Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utifized; Absence of 
information regarding valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund or the 
General Partner or Manager of the Underlying Fund or their respective officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or employees, agents or 
affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, shareholder, employee or agent of any such affiliate). 
The offering of interests is not, and 
should not be considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the Underlying Fund. Moreover, none of the Access Fund, the General Partner of 
the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates has the right to participate in the control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management 
fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Returns to limited partners in 
the Access Fund will be lower than those from a direct investment in the Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC'). 
The 
registrations and memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has endorsed the entities, products or services discussed herein. Additional 
Information is available upon request. 
iCapital. 
STRIC1-1:7 CONFIDENTIAL. 
' 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082779 
SDNY_GM_00228963 
EFTA01383137

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383138.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383138.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Disclaimer 
This confidential presentation (this °Priesentetiort") is being communicated to a limited number of sophisticated persons reach. a 'Recipient) by Glendower Capital. LL.P ?Glendower). whibh is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Aullimily, for the purpose of providing certain stitteraiy information about certain existing and futile funds and accounts that are 
managed or advised by Glendower, including in connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund to be known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ?SOF 
hei or the 'Fund') The information included in this Presentation is being made available to Recipients on a strictly confidential basis and may not be disclosed or discussed with any person other than 
any Recipients affiliates or profession:el advisers who are bound by obligations of confidentiality on a need to know basis Any past performance information herein Is not necessarily indicative of 
future results and actual performance may differ materially from any projected or forecasted performance. This Presentation is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision and 
Recipients must not rely on this Presentation as part of any assessment of whether to substeibe for interests in the Fund This Presentation may not he used for and does not constitute an offer to sail. 
or a solicitation of any offer to subscribe for or purchase any interests or to engage in any other transaction 
The information in this Presentation is intended to facilitate discussion and is not 
necessarily meaningful or complete without such supplemental discussion 
Each Recipient should consult its own attorney. business adviser and tax adviser as to alga€, business, tax, accounting and related matters cue yceming the ettornation c✓:rained herein and any future 
offering of S0F IV. Neither Glendower nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty to any Recipient regarding the legality of an investment en the Fund, the income or tax 
consequences, or the suitability• of an investment for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intended for distribution. and shall not be distributed. in arty iurisdiction•rirtere such distribution weeeld violate applicable securities laws. 
This Presentation can only be offered to Accredited investors & Qualified Purchasers. This material is personal to each offense and may only be used by those persons to whom it has been handed 
out. It is being provided to you upon your request for information concerning the Fund Strictly not tor redistribution. 
Please refer to the 'Important Information,' 'Key Definitions.' 'Important Infonnation on the Track Record.' 'Important Informants') for Recipients in Certain Jurisdictions' and 'Notes to Investment 
Performance' sections at the end of this Presentation for further important information, including a list of defined terms and in respect of the performance information presented herein. 
All references in this Presentation to
 or-US$' are to US dollars. 
Statements herein are made as of March 31. 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082784 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228968 
EFTA01383138

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383139.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383139.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
What is secondary private equity 
A primary private equity ("PE") investment is a direct investment into a PE fund at its inception 
- These funds typically contain few or no underlying assets at the time of investment 
- They usually have twelve to fifteen years of fund life remaining 
A secondary PE investment is an investment into existing PE-backed companies 
- Traditionally via the purchase of fund interests where the buyer acquires the selling investor's interests in a primary fund's 
remaining assets as well as taking on their commitments to meet capital calls in the future 
- This is typically 5+years into a primary PE fund's life but can be at any time 
- Given the absence of trading markets, secondary transactions are less efficient, can be complex and buyers require expertise 
and resources 
The secondary private equity market initially developed as a liquidity tool for primary PE investors. It has since 
expanded over the last two decades to include: 
- The sale and purchase of Limited Partner ("LP") interests in PE funds 
- The sale and purchase of direct PE investments and portfolios 
- Bespoke liquidity solutions for General Partners ("GPs") generally called GP-led restructurings including spin-outs, tail-end 
restructurings, asset liquidations, LP replacements and bespoke fund extensions 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082785 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228969 
EFTA01383139

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383140.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Why invest in secondary private equity today? 
Secondaries market is 
strong at with US$58 
billion of deal volume in 
2017 
Pricing for funds 
stable but differentiated 
GP-led deals are 
evolving and growing 
Steady supply of 
tail-end funds 
- US$2.8 trillion of primary private equity NAV + unfunded 
- US$600 billion locked in funds 9+ years old 
- Secondary pricing steady at 93% of NAV in 2017 
- Price dispersion between high & low quality GPs / funds is increasing 
- Bespoke liquidity solutions including spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset 
liquidations, LP replacements, bespoke fund extensions 
- These deals represent 24% of the market 
- Number of tail-end funds coming to market increasing, but overall US$ value 
decreasing due to smaller remaining NAV 
- Lack of NAV growth results in trading at moderate discounts 
The information set out in this ..Aide is for dlusm
Secondary market 
remains strong, 
increasingly driven by 
post crisis funds 
GP-led secondary 
transactions growing 
faster than market 
Distinctive investment 
strategies continue to 
seek attractive deals 
Tiosep only and summarizes Glendower's analysis of certain information set out over the slides in Section 3 'Secondary Market Update' of thd presentation 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082787 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228971 
EFTA01383140

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383141.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Capital Overview 
Established investment team active in the secondary market since 2003' 
Glendower Capital at a glance 
Independent 
partnership 
Established 
platform 
Seasoned 
team 
- Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank in 2017 
- Privately owned by its partners, fully funded 
- Senior team has worked together for 15 years 
- US$3 billion in total client assets2
- London and New York offices 
- 23-strong team expected to grow to 28+ by 2H18 
- 16 investment professionals with an average of 
years of relevant experience 
Extensive 
database & 
relationships 
- Invested in over 350 fund interests over 90 deals 
- Screened thousands of funds over 10 years 
Established 
operational 
processes 
- Integrated, self-contained processes 
- Developed by the Team over 10 years 
Team's history 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli. 
Charles Smith. 
Chi Cheung, 
Deirdre Davies & 
Francesco 
Rigamonti start 
working together to 
Team 
Tearn 
Team 
restructure USS6bn 
raises 
raises 
raises 
Deutsche Bank PE 
SOF 
SOF- D 
SOF Ili 
proprietary portfolio 
USS565in 
USS147m 
L1S51 550n 
--• 
2003 
2005 2006 2007 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and 
Charles Smith co-found 
the SOF business, a 
self-contained unit with 
its own investment and 
operational processes 
r1 j Period since 2003 includes time spent by ITWATONIS ()line core senior management team et Deutsche Rank 
121 Artuai committed to SOF Funds. 
(3) SOF D is a Euro denominated furr.l. UST values have been converted at the September 30 2017 EURtliSS late of 1.1822. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Adam 
Graev 
opens New 
York Office 
• 
• 
2010 2011 
Team 
raises 
SOF a 
LiS$514m 
• 
Entire 15-strong 
investment team & 
COO spins-off 
from Deutsche 
Bank in Aug 2017 
to form Glendower 
2014 
2017 
Glendower engaged by 
Deutsche Bank as 
advisor and delegated 
portfolio manager of 
SOF Funds for 
remaining life of funds 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082790 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228974 
EFTA01383141

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383142.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Established track record 
SOF Funds as of September 30, 2017A 2 3
Fund 
SOF 
Vintage 
2006 
(development stage) 
(harvesting) 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
Total 
Fund size 
US$565m 
US$147m 
US$614m 
US$1,654m 
US$2,980m 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
/ 154 / 1,774 
/ 28 / 193 
/ 75 / 737 
/ 149 / 2,837 
Gross multiple 
2.1x 
3.0x 
1.7x 
1.4x 
1.6x 
Gross IRR 
29% 
37% 
23% 
31% 
28% 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
1.8x 
2.3x 
1.5x 
1.3x 
1.5x 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
1.8x 
2.1x 
1.2x 
0.3x 
0.9x 
Net IRR 
22% 
29% 
20% 
30% 
23% 
Peak net contributed capital 
26% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
(It Performance figures 113Ve been calculated based On the unaudted performance results of SOF. SOF D. SOF It and SOF III as of September 30 2017 and slxned he mad and ieviewixl in conjunction irntli the "Inipodart 
information- and -Notes to Performance Information" sections of the presentation. Gross returns are press of fees. expenses arc carried ≥:terest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses tees arlo carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the appropriate factors to be considerecrin evaluating this information. Past pedomnance is not a prediction of the futtve performance of SOF, SOF ID SOF 
SOF III but rs ittekelett to demonstrate the track record of the Glendower StfF Team and [Mere can be no a.ssurante that SOF IV eat achx.nria comparebp! reit;hits or that arty target rttatilla Wit 
atiliteAttl See 
'important information on the Track Record' sections of this Presentation. 
(2; SOF D B a Euro denominated bent US$ V2kifirr, have been con:Trawl at September 30. 2317 EURillSt rate ofoft 1322. 
(3) Both SOF and SOF I) are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio - a well diversified portfolio of n i)liVate equity funds purchased through an SPV. providing exposure to buyout. special situations, venture capital and real 
estate stratiqr.rs ≥: North Amer .=a. Europe and Asia The number or bairn arid companies IS a Peat sonata and Wrraa the figlfittilte Otattr
r It deal at citisina text may Ettek4ir Wine double courting. 
M Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI rt Distributiore to Paid in Capital: IRR iv; Internal Rate of Return. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082792 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228976 
EFTA01383142

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383143.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profile' 
SOF Funds outperform Cambridge Associates buyout top-quartile benchmark 
TVPI in line with top-quartile buyout funds... 
...With a secondary cashflow profile 
SOF III 
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
DPI2
234 
2.04 
1.54 
1.0x 
0.54 
0.04 
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Buyout Top Cradle *SOF Program 
Vintage Year 
Delivering a compelling risk / reward profile 
Net IRR2
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
(1) Source Cumbricipo Awl:rotes Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. Thus information reflects a comparison of SOF. SOF D. SOF II & SOF III performance aoarnst one benchmark only 
Past 
padamacroe is na aprediaion c' the kture pederrnarze of SCF. SOF D, SOP 
.2i. SOF II' tait r:; Included to demonstrate the track record of tbe Glendower SOP Texan. Iniormeaionixesendel in this leapt is based on 
Lt* unaudited results of SOF. SOF D. SOF if and SOF III as of September 30.'017 and should he read and reviewed eu conjunction with the important Information" and "Notes to Irmesiment Performance Information" 
sesitOCIS (*atlas presentation 
(21 TVPI= Total Value to Pard-In Capital, DPI = [attributions to Paid in Capital: Net iRR = Net Internal Rate of Return. 
and DPI are pooled return aggregating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a 
doiqr-weighted retail. Net IRRts are nut of fees. wept:ruses and carried tamest Cambridge, Associates research shortie that most funds OKA al least six yearsto SW% into their final quartile ranking. and previous to lies 
se.4tIung they typioally tau* in 24 other quartiles. thelefere fund or becotanark perfcr-tinuirr_ur metriCS :'core more rseerit yureage years 
be was mumangta. Top quartile ts the thresrod for the upper itop 
quart* 
based co the Individual fund IRRs included in a vintage year and are used in conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum 84 funds.' 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082794 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228978 
EFTA01383143

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383144.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOF Funds show consistent performance1
Across different fund sizes, fund vintages and economic cycles 
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
Net IRR 
30% 
100% 
-SOF 
60% 
40% 
20% 
0% 
20% 
-40% 
27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
DPI (Distributed to Paid-In Capital) 
OA 
1.341 
1:64 
144 
2x 
1.0x 
Oita 
CO 
4x 
0.2x 
0.0x 
Quarters from inception 
$PJF 
—SOF JI 
80% 
40%. — 
20% 
0% 
•••
•341)F 4 
.......03C2F III 
11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters frominception 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid-In Capital) 
SOF 
imii•
SOF II 
---SOF III 
2.0x 
15x 
1.04 
0.54 
to 
3 
13 15 It 19 21 23 :15 
r 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters fromincepton 
Quarters f romneeption 
(1) Performance figure6 have been salt:1131er' based on the unaudited peon/sante results of SOF. SOF II and SOF III as of September SO. 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Importai.r 
Inkymatron" and 'Notes to Performance Informatiori sections of this presenLetion. Past pettonnarria hs not a prisdk.tor of future returns and there can tie no assurance that SQF IV Will achieve comparable results or Mar 
any target results will k eche-red Iliare is no guarantee 
future potterer:se will be conc.-went with past performance of SOF. SOF II and SOF III. Perfonrance infonnation on SOF D has rird paw-, ip,pkEd&d 
aloe becurce SOF 0 is 
single transaction top up funs raised in 20f0 to underva se pariipassu the Da lima ttarroction with SOF. Glendower does not ea pc-ct that similar tramactions will be 3w-stable to SOF IV. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2D 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082796 
SDNY_GM_00228980 
EFTA01383144

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383145.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082797 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228981 
EFTA01383145

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383146.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383146.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOF Funds positioned as mid-sized value investor 
Below large levered beta players, above small local funds 
Secondary funds raised or in fundraising 1996-20181
Fund Size 
(USS000) 
L 
..., 
7) 
7: 
• 
• 
• 
Levered beta play 
PE market index 
Volume-driven 
10,000  
<S1bin 
$1-3bn 
• >$3bn 
• Glendower Capital 
3,000 
• Alpha play 
M 
• Value investing 
• Selective sourcing 
1,000 
Li Cis ' 
• Low barriers to entry 
O 0
S 
• Smaller deals 
Local sourcing 
• 
O
?
O 
.
.
.
,
• Very competitive 
O
o 
O
O 
100 
1996 
•
SOF III 
-...-) 
1—il 
/ 
. ,,.
— 
. 
{ 
• 
SOF II a c 
-.. o ri 
.. 
: 
SO: and 
D 
f.D 0 
`. 
C)
,
f
-, 
r.: 
r
i
i
O 
i
•
/
, 
e 
O O O , 
O 
O 
cA) 
O 
ps 
O 
.%. 
c 
r." 
O 
..p, 
Q 
(,..• c 
c'. 
, 
ft 
it 
• 
SOF IV 
1998 
2000 
2002 
2004 
2006 
2008 
2010 
2012 
2014 
2016 
2018 
-10 players 
-10 players 
>50 players 
(I; Gtendrmer Capital own market segmentation analysis. Data source'. Preqin database end Glendower Capital own market inteiigence as of November 2017. Includes target fund sizes for funds that ire currently raising.
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082798 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228982 
EFTA01383146

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383147.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383147.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower has a distinctive investment strategy 
Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality managers 
Source less competitive deals 
globally 
Average deal size of US$40m: 
• Mature fund secondaries of US$5-100m 
• Mid-market GP-led deals of USS100-250m 
• Single-asset deals of US$25-50m 
Focus on efficient portfolio 
construction 
• No leverage at transaction level and 
limited at portfolio level 
• Hedging to mitigate 50-60% of currency 
volatility 
• Portfolio diversified across ca. 35 deals to 
seek to mitigate 90%+ of non-market risk' 
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
• Transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
• Mid-sized alpha value investor vs large 
levered beta play 
• Value creation through in-depth 
fundamental analysis vs deal structuring 
Buy margin of safety 
Purchased 350+ mature fund interests at a 
discount over 10 years: 
• Average 20% discount to FMV 
• Average -80% funded at time of entry 
ill Source: Glendower's assessment based on portfolio management theory. There can be no assurance that efforts to mitigate risk will be successful. Further. Glendower may modify its portfolio constriction cnteria at and 
time aryl in any 
ntwrth 
thm it LA, Wives to be f.fonsneent %Mtn iw overoli investmentrAddivN in raspy:se to nialkst within:its or other l*:torit withaft notice to io.vestors. 
information prodded as at September 30, 2017 Thee can be no assurance that the strategy will be successful in the future or that losses will De avoided. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228983 
DB-SDNY-0082799 
EFTA01383147

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383148.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383148.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Disciplined barbell approach adjusted to market cycles 
Dialling up / down deal types relative to segment attractiveness 
Description 
Markets 
Glendower Capital 
Deal size 
Expected allocation 
Deals since nor 
Gross returns2
SOF (harvested)3
SOF II (maturing)3
SOF III (early stage)3
Fund Secondaries 
GP-led Secondaries 
Traditional purchase of fund interests: 
Be-spoke liquidity solutions: 
Single Asset Deals 
Purchase of interests in single assets: 
• Single LP position 
• Restructuring of existing funds 
• GP-led secondaries of one asset 
• Portfolios of LP positions 
• Spin-outs 
• Fundless sponsor deals 
• Fund of funds 
• Recapitalizations 
• Secondary co-investments 
• LP tenders 
• Portfolios of assets 
• Co-investments 
• Many participants 
• Fewer participants with demonstrated underwriting capabilities 
• 10-15% IRR / 1.3-1.4x MOIC gross 
• 15-20% IRR / 1.6-1.7x MOIC gross 
Buy aggressively during periods of 
Buy selectively during periods 
high volatility and illiquidity 
of low volatility and high liquidity 
US$5-100m 
US$100-250m 
US$25-50m 
40-60% 
Up to 40% 
Up to 20% 
transactions 
42% IRR and 2.2x MOIC 
20% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
48% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
transactions 
9% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
30% IRR and 1.9x MOIC 
36% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
transactions 
18% IRR and 3.0x MOIC 
21% IRR and 1.7x MOIC 
2% IRR and 1.0x MOIC 
3 
es,i,:!.,i!i“Cf market :Autos based on own triode:it intelligence. 
i2) As of September X30. 711:. Gross returns do not reflect the priority profit share, carried irser,st. taxes transaction costs and other expenses. Performance trines have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performarice recut. and shoald be read and reviewed in conrutction wth the 'Important Inforrnatn" aid 'Notes 
the Investpent Perforrefinc-al sections 
the per
to investment Ferlormarr.e' 
section in particular Includes. among other things. a desorption of the terms used in the tables above and sets foith important guidelines and limrtations as to the performance descrbed above. Past performance rs no te
a 
prelictiort et the lutuie p.erfamence 
(3) For fund-levet net returns please refer to the overall transaction summaries for SOF. SOF II and SOF III on pages 43. 45 and 47. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228984 
DB-SDNY-0082800 
EFTA01383148

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383149.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383149.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS23S SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
GP-led transactions can present an attractive risk-reward profile  
Glendower Capital has been active since 2007 in this space 
GP-Led transactions have significantly evolved over the last 5 years 
- Deals in the early days were often associated with (quasi) zombie GPs and were not always crafted in the best interest of existing LPs 
- Today, quality managers are proactively providing liquidity options to their LPs, often with an advisor retained to validate the process 
GP-led opportunities can present a number of advantages over a traditional acquisition of a LP interest 
- An accretive and complementary strategy to the mainstream secondary dealflow 
- Glendower has developed an extensive track record' over 15 transactions with gross c.1.6x MOIC / 22% Gross IRR2
- In-depth due diligence on GPs and their teams 
- In-depth due diligence on concentrated portfolios, including onsite meetings with underlying companies' management teams 
- Bespoke design of a new fund and its terms to provide full re-alignment of interests between the GP and Glendower: 
Budgeted fees, significant GP co-investment, and ratcheted carried interest structure 
- Incentivisation / protection of specific individuals within the GP that are key to generate value in the existing portfolio 
Negative governance rights, including veto rights on add-on investments, recapitalizations, etc. 
- Limited to no use of leverage / deferred structures 
- underwriting returns based on attractive entry price and portfolio value creation 
I) As ct September 3 
2017. Performance figures have been criculaed based on tbe rasaudited performance results and should be read and revievred in constiction wkh the -impertant Inforrnatr.m" and 'rates to the 
Investment Performance' sections of this presentation, 'I he 'Notes to Investment Performance section in particular includes. among other things. a description of the terms used In the tables above and sets forth 
imrxgrard guidelires and lint4aborsasto the perfonnanoe described show Past performance 
rx* a prediebon of the filtrol Mr[04rerattb. 
(2 Please refer to the overall transaction summaries for SOF, SOF 0, SOF II and SOF III on pages 43. 45 and 47. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082801 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228985 
EFTA01383149

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383150.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383150.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Rigorous sourcing and deal selection process 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
-3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions' over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in oven 350 funds globally 
• 
Wind-down of USS6bn DB PE proprietary pod€olio 
Fitters 
Filters 
Filters 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c. 100 transactions' 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer. own spin-off 
Source. Glete . Capital prortrateay information as at 15 R.4aich 2018. Ni.--nber of trane.eacos Inokeies follow-on irpreerneils armi splits out transactions wh;ch have, been atnetaialed in one, &3,I for rer.tetinr; 
purpose:a 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082802 
SDNY_GM_00228986 
EFTA01383150

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383151.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Fund Secondaries transactions 
liustrative case studies 
-01 
Zi 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Discount1
Funds I 
assets / 
region 
Seller 
Description 
re 
.2> 
Modigliani 
US$38m 
funds 
European 
• Proprietary deals from family offices redeploying capital away from PE 
(SOF II) 
34% 
225 assets 
Global 
family offices • Liquidity solution on complex illiquid feeder funds structured to address 
tax and legal requirements 
Globally diversified portfolio of mature (84% funded) funds managed by 
CD&R, Apollo, Carlyle, KKR, Apax, MidOcean, MSREF, CDH 
Whitney 
USS64m 
fund 
US 
• Single LP position in fully funded European LBO fund managed by KKR 
(SOF II) 
27% 
assets 
pension fund • US seller redeploying capital away from Europe during 2012 crisis 
Europe 
• Short fuse process with few pre-selected bidders 
 
• SOF Team knew fund well 
• Attractive structure with significant purchase price deferral 
Flute 
US$54m 
funds 
Sovereign 
Seller motivated to wind down portfolio by year end 
(SOF III) 
26% 
500+ assets 
Global 
Wealth Fund • Mature (93% funded) portfolio of highly diversified fund interests in 17 
mid-market buyout funds spread across Europe, US and Asia 
• Top interests include funds managed by Affinity. Calera, CVC 
V 
• Attractive deferral structure with bulk of liquidity events expected in the 
first two years of the transaction 
Amy 
US$36m 
funds 
Family office • Proprietary deal tracked for five years before completion 
(SOF III) 
37% 
500+ assets 
• Seller seeking to actively manage its private equity portfolio 
Global 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature funds generating strong cash flows 
and managed by Carlyle, Blackstone, Bridgepoint and CVC 
Significant pre-closing distributions representing 25% of portfolio NAV 
 C.-.3 I e n ClOWer 
 Cfinal 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082803 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228987 
EFTA01383151

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383152.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383152.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
liustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Funds / 
Seller 
Description 
Discount' 
assets / 
region 
Porter 
US$220m 
funds 
Multiple 
Motivated GP seeking to recapitalize 2006 mid-market fund and provide 
(SOF II & 
9% 
assets 
liquidity to fatigued investor base 
SOF III) 
US 
Eight US market leading companies in the construction sector with visible 
growth potential, low leverage 
• Significant downside protection through securities owned (senior, PIK 
preferred and structured notes) 
• GP known to SOF Team through prior fund investment 
Southern 
• Motivated, distressed sole LP seeking to divest its captive, non-core 
European 
private equity business 
bank 
• 33 buyout, growth equity, real estate and energy assets in 11 funds in UK, 
France, Poland, Czech Rep., Bulgaria, Macedonia and Turkey 
• Highly structured deal allowed for full asset due diligence 
• Downsized captive team led by new CEO hired by SOF Team 
Laurel 
US$147m 
fund 
(SOF II & 
24% 
assets 
SOF III) 
Europe 
lonesco 
US$28m 
asset 
(SOF II) 
NA 
Europe 
Fitzgerald II 
US$37m 
asset 
(SOF III) 
10% 
US 
 Ulendower 
 Capital 
LBO fund 
• Opportunity to underwrite attractive LBO of leading manufacturer of 
polymer substrate for bank notes 
• GP motivated to quickly syndicate investment after broken auction 
blocked by Central Banks 
Company benefited from Bank of England contract for £5 and £10 notes 
Global 
Secondary purchase of co-investment position in First Data, a leading 
bank 
payment processing company 
• Motivated seller was a bank invested in original buyout who had to sell for 
regulatory capital reasons ahead of IPO 
• Asset well known to the SOF Team 
STR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
go 
20)
tu 
Wi 
— 
z 
oft, 
Ec 
O co 
Z5/ 
fri F.1" 06. 
-O-- 
328
xl
cev 08 
2,15 
I 
I 
 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082804 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228988 
EFTA01383152

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383153.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383153.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082805 
SDNY_GM_00228989 
EFTA01383153

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383154.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Secondary market volume remains at record levels 
Market is evolving with GP-led transactions now representing 25% of volume 
Secondary market volumes 2006 - 2018F 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018F 
GP-led Secondary 
■ Fund Secondary 
Source. Glendower Capita analysis. and own estimates Lased on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & LASlook, Jemmy 2018: Geenhul! GP S.:Rarer* DIscr.Ntwn fMterats. May 2017: and Dow Jon-es Rrvater
ty 
Analyst Guide to the Secondary Marker. June 201! . 
F = FtneCaSt There la rte warm-Iles the eVirnate tiFhlicitted WI! rIt
errtOze. 
Past market volume is not a prediction or inn ranteit of future market volume. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082806 
SDNY_GM_00228990 
EFTA01383154

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383155.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383155.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS236 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Stable secondary pricing driven by rational participants 
n 2017 average pricing of 93% of NAV as of record dates 
Secondary market pricing of private equity fund interests remains stable 
Pricing 
110 
100 
Overheated marketin 2006 and 2007 
Premiums paid for over-levered companies 
marked to the top of the market 
% of NAV 
108 
104 
Few transactions dosed at this pricing 
Mostly unfunded LP interests 
Pricing back to normalized historical levels 
- 
Stable for 7 years at 80-90ca 
Annual volume USSbn 
.93 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Secondary market volume 
.•iiiiiiii..Secondary market pricing 
Bubble 
Crisis 
Normalized 
Suirce- Glendower eapitalariatysis at  estimates besed Un Gieeriiik Secondary klafket Trends & Outlook ..ketii 
• 2iJiS. Ceyent Perkins Secerdary kiwket "Fiords & Duna* %My :2014.; Cor e 
Partners Secondwy 
Meeker Update, March WC./9". aid Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market. June 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082808 
SDNY_GM_00228992 
EFTA01383155

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383156.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383156.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Secondary market shows a balanced capitalization 
Strong secondary capital supply'... 
US$bn 
140
... but 
US$bn 
700 
dry powder/deal volume remains balanced2
125 
Dry Powder 
3.7x 
120 
600 
• Deal volume 
<1- Cry Fbw der.,
Deal Volume 
100 - 
500 
GlendowerCapital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deployin Secondaries 
400 
300 
• 
200 
•••• 
a:, 
2.2X
100 
ii 
ill 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
it) Source: Glendower Capital estima 
(2? $ource. Glendowe t".ada€ 
Report 2018. 
Glendower 
Capital 
Secondaries 
Buyout 
a sed on Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis. January 2018. 
2018 Preget Gictal Nato Feritty & \immure Capital Repent. Greenhill Seeceidarg Pricsnp Trans S Analysis. January 2018 and Bain & Company Gleba! Private. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228993 
DB-SDNY-0082809 
EFTA01383156

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383157.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Significant unrealized value still locked in tail-end funds 
Seller composition expected to remain diverse 
Unrealized PE value: US$600bn in pre-crisis vintages' 
Seller composition breakdown2
US$bn 
250 
200 
201 
186 
226 
193 
150 
137 
149 
144 
129 
100 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 
issztilas 
Sourer 2017 Preqin GoCrA Privae Eourty S Venhae Capital Recon. 
1.2) Source. Greenhill Secondary Market tends 8 Outlook. January• 2018 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Financial 
Institutions 
12% 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office I 
„dada 
Other 
6% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082810 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00228994 
EFTA01383157

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383158.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383158.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
GP-led transactions are a growing source of supply 
Secondary bespoke liquidity solutions are now part of the GP toolkit 
GP-led transactions now represent 20-25% of the secondary market 
GPs seeking 
Brand-name 
liquidity for worse 
managers 
performing funds or 
fund term extension 
Mid-market GPs 
looking to provide a 
Quality 
• liquidity option in 
mid-market 
year 10+ or 
managers 
• bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
Under- 
Zombies looking for 
performing 
solutions make 
managers 
unlikely targets 
Illustrative transachons 
......... 
le BC Pal Met% 
DIAMOND CAIST1.! 
YE C:7 
One EcpåIty Partners 
WARMING Plyt 
DNUANCED
• 
Lt^zir1/2.t.1 Can in!. 
DUKE 
STREET 
ilka:Yr-..• :Anna 
g•
 RAI] 
cny zit 
Sb
GMT 
Zurmont Madison 
STAGE 
ZOMBIE GPs 
USSIm 
a 2.4 
2.7 
1.9 
18% 
CAGR 
• . 
0.6 
1.9 
8.2 
7.1 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
9.0 
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
GP-led secondaries 
—GP-led secondaries as % of total 
(I; Scgm ce. Glendora< Capital analysis based on Gieonhil Secondary Marker!' enr.ls 3 Outlook. January 201S: and Dow Jones, Private Equity Antilyst Guide to the Seeenrlary Market, June 2917 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082811 
SDNY_GM_00228995 
EFTA01383158

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383159.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOF IV - Project Sunrise 
Sole deal lead 
Expected Closing Date: 
April 2018 
K 
Fund Secondary 
SeGP-led Secondary D Single Asset Deal 
Seller type: 
Alternative funds 
Key investment data 
Transaction summary 
Invested Capital at close 
ca. $100m 
Number of companies 
Discount to NAV at close 
7% 
Strategy 
Mid-market buyout 
Gross multiple at close 
1.1x 
Region 
US 
0/0 funded at close 
100% 
Industries 
Consumer 
Use of leverage 
No 
Average age at purchase 
years 
Description 
- Motivated quality GP seeking to continue growing 5 attractive mid-
market investments while providing liquidity to LPs 
- Largest two assets are franchisees of a well-known dining brand that 
has outperformed the broader dining industry over past ten years 
- Third value driver is one of the largest Tex-Mex casual dining brands in 
the US with a valuable licensing business 
- The portfolio also includes a leading burger QSR and a franchisee in 
the largest fitness brand focused on low-cost and high-value 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
- Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
- Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
Investment rationale 
- GP with strong track record 
- Attractive entry valuation at blended 7.0x LTM EBITDA multiple 
- Conservative capital structure: 2.4x leverage across the portfolio 
- Strong free cash flow and downside protection via preferred securities 
Poi disc-m.5am pirposes or y The in:a:sac:ant pjesereed abo 
recd 
I . srmil cliose-d. and there is no guatantee that st., 
investmeol 
coampWe 
form pail of a keure invested portif ici or that it 
al:allot:4pr. after lute' 
due diligence. prove suitable to SOF DI. This slide should be ad end ieviewed in conjunction with the Important Information and "Important Perfoi mance Information' and Notes to Investment Rencirmance sections. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082816 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229000 
EFTA01383159

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383160.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOF IV - Master Fund Key Terms 
Same key terms as SOF III with an increased team commitment 
The Fund 
Target Size 
Structure 
Investment Period 
Term 
Minimum Commitment 
Team Commitment 
General Partner Share 
Carried Interest 
Hurdle Rate 
Clawback 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
USS1.75 billion (US$2.5 billion hard cap) 
English private fund limited partnership 
years from final closing 
years from final closing plus up to 5 one-year extensions (the first three one-year extensions being at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final two one-year extensions requiring the consent of the SOF IV advisory committee) 
USS5 million 
Min of 1% of aggregate commitments 
1.25% p.a. of commitments during Investment Period 
1.00% p.a. of Invested Capital' for a period of 2 years after the Investment Period, thereafter greater of 90% of previous year and 
0.25% 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
8% (with 100% catch-up) 
Yes 
weave read the confident-A private plawnent memorandum of the Fin) 4Ite -Meitiorarylurs") or the full crawl: wee of risk factors. conflicts of imerest. conwk•ste term's, aril regulatory and fay considerations of the Fund. 
For hither dlailasure of tees, such as lees and tN.%enses paid by the Fund. please refer to the Memorandum, the amended awl restated limited partnership agreement and the deed of adherence el the Fund A 
dostsnents are in the process of berna prepared and will be made evadable to prospectrw investors upon recrdest. 
1) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such investments. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082819 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229003 
EFTA01383160

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383161.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOF IV 
ILPA 2 scorecard 
SOF IV 
 
 
 
 
 
Key ILPA 2 Principles 
Alignment of interest 
- 
Best practice all-contribution-plus-preferred-return-back-first model 
- 
LP favorable clawback provision 
- 
100% transaction & monitoring fees offset General Partner share 
- 
Manager equity interest in the Fund (minimum of 1% of aggregate commitments) 
Governance 
- 
Key man and "for cause" removal provisions protective to LPs' interests 
- 
Supermajority vote of LPs required to reverse automatic suspension of investment period 
- 
No Fault Divorce with 6634% vote of LPs 
- 
Clearly and narrowly outlined investment strategy with appropriate limitations on investment concentration 
- 
Advisory Board best practice set-up 
Transparency 
- 
Comprehensive financial reporting 
- 
GAAP and FAS 157 (Topic 820) compliant valuation policy 
- 
General Partner share and carried interest disclosure 
- 
Detailed due diligence provided 
LP M limited partner; ILPA = Institutional Limited Partner Azscination The full guidelines can be tutrul at hittp/alpa erg/principles arersic^ 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082820 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229004 
EFTA01383161

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383162.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383162.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082821 
SDNY_GM_00229005 
EFTA01383162

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383163.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Team Bios 
RIKESH MOHANDOSS 
Princi pal 
Deutsche Bank. Bank of 
America. Freddie Mac 
BOA. George Washington 
University. MBA Columbia 
Business School 
Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower. Rikesh spent 8 years at 
Deutsche Bank and most recently spent the 
past 5 years originating, valuing. executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North 
America for the SOF business. Rikesh joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, 
Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in 
Credit Risk Management at Bank of America 
and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
(Freddie Mac) in 2003. 
Rikesh holds a BBA from The George 
Washington University and a MBA from 
Columbia Business School. 
Glendower 
• • * • •
Capital 
DEVRUP BANERJEE 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Goldman 
Sachs 
Economies and 
V 
r :agement, Oxford 
Based in London, Devrup is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower. Demo spent 5 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing. 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2008 
to 2012. Devrup worked at Goldman Sachs as 
part of the Natural Resources team within the 
Investment Banking Division, advising clients 
globally on mergers & acquisitions and capital 
market transactions. 
Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford 
with an MA in Economics and Management in 
2008. 
fir 
ALDRICH CHAN 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, UBS 
5S Finance. New York 
University's Stern School of 
Business. 
Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible for 
the origination. valuation. execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Aldrich 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He began 
his career at UBS Investment Baits Global 
Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group 
Aldrich received his BS in Finance, summa 
cum laude, from New York University's Stem 
School of Business. He is currently an MBA 
candidate at the University of Pemsylvana's 
Wharton School of Business. 
PHILIPPE FERNEINI 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. Credit 
Suisse. Booz & Company 
'Telecom P 3(Si 
MBA Ciscago Booth School 
of Business 
Based in London, Philippe is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments.
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Philippe 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He worked 
for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment 
banking Associate in the Global Industrials 
Group and for 2 years at Booz & Company as a 
Senor Consultant in the Financial Services 
Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and a 
Master of Engineering (Diplome d'Ingenieur) 
from Telecom ParisTech. 
ST*2!1.7.
4B 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082824 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229008 
EFTA01383163

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383164.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOF III — Investor base 
SOF III key info 
First and final closing 
20-Oct-2014 
Fund size 
US$1.65 billion 
including Deutsche Bank and team commitment of 
US$33 million 
Number of investors 
92' 
Investor region 
North 
Europe 
Asia 
America 
20% 
Pacific 
44% 
17% 
Middle 
East 
19% 
Investor type 
Foundation 
2% 
Insurance 
13% 
SWF 
21% 
GP 
2% 
Size of individual commitments 
37% 
8% 
16% 
Pension
32% 
Family 
Office/HNVVI 
30% 
18% 
21% 
$25m 
$25-50m 
$50.100M 
$100•150m 
>$150m 
CI 
The number of investors includes all investors in WE III with commitments over USS2m. The toted number of investors, inducting nose rivestirg thi ough I,iwale wealth feeder furvls. is 47G 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082827 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229011 
EFTA01383164

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383165.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383165.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOF III 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Invested capital'
Funded capital' 
Initial 
Gross 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller type 
Deal type 
Funds 
Companies'
(lS54n) 
(US5m) 
closing 
mullples
Portfolio detail 
1- Porter 
Limited Process 
Mulipkt 
GP-Ad Socondary 
144.9 
117.2 
O4 14 
1.9x 
US - rod-market buyoul 
2- Fitzgerald II 
Proprietary 
Ftancial Institution 
Single Assol Deal 
36.8 
36.8 
O4 14 
1.6x 
US - buyoul 
3- Malcolm 
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
109.4 
46.0 
O4 14 
1.0x 
ROW -buyout 
4- Costa 
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
12.9 
13.0 
O1 15 
1.0x 
Europe - buyoul 
5- Diamond 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
23.0 
9.7 
O2 15 
1.6x 
Global -diversified 
6- Mozart 
Proprietary 
Muliple 
GP-led Secondary 
25.5 
25.5 
O2 15 
0.8x 
Europe - growth equity 
7- 
Leibowitz 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
61.2 
65.7 
O3 15 
I.2x 
Europe - growth equity 
8- 
POSCOli 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
27.5 
27.5 
O3 15 
0.0x 
Global - buyout 
9- Clegane 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
14.7 
14.7 
O3 15 
1.8x 
US 
rod-market buyout 
10- Steinbeck II 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
Fund Secondary 
100.0 
49.0 
O3 15 
1.2x 
Global -Microfilm' 
11- Mammy 
Syndication 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
65.3 
O4 15 
2.9x 
Global - real estate 
12- Neon 
United Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
7.2 
6.5 
O4 15 
1.2x 
Europe - real estate 
13- Gonzaga 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
14.3 
15.1 
O4 15 
1.0x 
Europe - nucl.markel buyout 
14- Drive 
United Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
17.6 
17.6 
O4 15 
2.6x 
RoW - buyout 
15- Flute 
Leaded Process 
SwF 
Fund Secondary 
1.294 
54.7 
13.9 
O4 15 
I.4x 
Global - buyout 
16- Iskar 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
34.6 
26.6 
O1 16 
2.3x 
Europe - real estate 
17- Bosch 
Limited Process 
Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
169 
86.6 
40.2 
O1 16 
1.5x 
Global 
diversified 
18- Staccato 
Propnetary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
40.2 
26.0 
O2 16 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
19- Rose 
Proprietary 
Famiky Office 
Single Asset Deal 
27.0 
26.7 
O2 16 
1.0x 
Europe - mid market buyout 
20- Janos 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Single Assol Deal 
29.9 
29.9 
O2 16 
1.2x 
US - mid-market buyout 
21- Aurum 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Single Asset Deal 
23.1 
22.9 
O3 16 
0.7x 
Europe - mid-marker buyout 
22- Laurel 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
GP-led Secondary 
101.6 
40.7 
O3 16 
2.1x 
Europe - diversified 
23- TCrirei 18 II 
Landed Process 
Multiple 
Fund Secondary 
41.8 
27.6 
O3 16 
1.7x 
US - mod anarket buyout 
24- Falco 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
13.7 
7.1 
O3 16 
1.7x 
US - real estate 
25- Peak 
Looted Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
79.0 
57.2 
O4 16 
1.2x 
Europe - ned.markel buyout 
26- Amy 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
35.7 
15.0 
O4 16 
1.8x 
Global - drversified 
27- Chaucer 
Proprietary 
Fund Secondary 
1549 
81.6 
O1 17 
1.0x 
Europe 
growth equity 
28- Westerns 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
239.7 
178.6 
O1 17 
1.2x 
US - mid-marker buyout 
29- Eddard 
Limited Process 
Alleinative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
51.3 
27.6 
O1 17 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market btryoul 
30- Sutherland 
United Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
9.5 
9.8 
O1 17 
1.6k 
Europe - mid-market bewail 
31- Christophe 
Proprietary 
(WA 
Fund Secondary 
44.2 
3.4 
O1 17 
0.9x 
Global - real estate 
32- Newton 
United Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
968 
118.0 
4.4 
O2 17 
4.1x 
US -diversified 
33- Maned 
Proprietary 
Public lo Private 
Single Asset Deal 
32.0 
31.9 
O3 17 
1.0x 
Europe - buyout 
34- Gini 
Proprietary 
Family Office r HNW 
Single Asset Deal 
42.0 
27.4 
O3 17 
1.0x 
US - mid-market buyout 
35- Artemis 
Landed Process 
SWF 
Fund Secondary 
O3 17 
4 
10.5 
1.3x 
Eur 
- mid-morkel b 
SOF III Closed 
Total 
149 
2,837 
1,931.2 
1162.6 
1.4x 
Cl/ Nonbei of ciarepanies. are INV eMirnate 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 'Transaction The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF III is 1.3x. 
C31 The pinformarice figures have been calculated based on unauetted fair kthies and slxxiid be 
and reviewed in cogruncbgfc ;MS; the 'imp
tant kxbrunation' and linprtant Performance nionnatice sector 
performance is not a guerartee or indicator of future results. and there can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results.
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082828 
SDNY_GM_00229012 
EFTA01383165

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383166.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOF II — Portfolio construction 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
Fund size 
Gross invested capital 
2011 
US$614m 
668m 
Performance as of September 30. 2017 
Capital called 
509m 
Distributions. net 
592m 
16x 
Remaining NAV 
187m 
37x 
Total net return 
US$779m 
153x 
20% 
Asset geography 
North 
Arnenca 
40% 
Europe 
Asia 
56% 
Pacific 
1% 
RoW 
3% 
Investment strategy 
4% 
4%
Vintage year 
5% 
6% 
20% 
12% 
54% 
• Large Buyout 
• Mid-Market Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
19% 
• Pre 2035 
• 2005 - 2006 
2007 - 2008 
2009 - 2011 
2012 - 2013 
38% 
2014 - 2915 
Sector composition 
21% 
As at September ?O. 2017. Past perforrem-a-e is not a guarantee or indicator et tugs results . and there sari be no assurance that the fund will achieve comps able results 
This. page should be reviewed in conjunction with the Important Information" and 'Notes to Investment Peiformance' sections of this Presentation. 
Industrials 
Consumer 
alli 
.•
13% 
11% 
Business Services 
Technology 
Inli 
Healthcare 
Ell 
Financial Services 
1:1 
Natural Resources 
MI
Real Estate 
I 
3k
Communications & Media 
5% 
Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082829 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229013 
EFTA01383166

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383167.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL L LC 
SOF II 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller typo 
Deal type 
Funds 
Companies' 
Invested caplet?
(USEm) 
Funded capital/
(USSm) 
Intial 
closing 
Gross 
intik.* 
Palau driaii 
1- 
Monet I, II 
Landed Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary y Single Asset Deal 
46.8 
45.8 
11 
7x 
Europe - buyout 
2- 
Beethoven 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
ePred Secondary 
27.1 
26.9 
11 
1.6x 
Europe - growth equity 
3- 
Rembrandt 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
2.2 
2 
11 
3.0x 
Europe - late stage venture 
4- 
Grant 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
3.4 
3.1 
11 
1.8x 
US - mezzanine 
5- 
Hemingway 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
16.4 
16.4 
11 
1.0x 
US - special situations 
6- 
M064316,1' I-V E RE 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
225 
38.4 
37.1 
12 
2.0x 
Global - diversifsed 
8- 
Hockney 
Limited Process 
Allematrve Funds 
Fund Secondary 
9.5 
8.1 
12 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
9- 
Chagall 
Limited process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
9.4 
8A 
0312 
it 
Europe -mezzanine 
10- Hopper 
Syndication 
Alternative Funds 
GP-led Secondary 
15.1 
14.1 
12 
it 
US - mid-market buyout 
11- 
Donatelb 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Fund Secondary 
3.0 
3.0 
12 
1.1X 
US -mezzanine 
12- 
Pollock 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
13.4 
13.1 
12 
2.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
13- 
Whitney 
Limited process 
Pension Fund 
Fund Secondary 
I 
64.0 
21.5 
12 
2.9x 
Europe - buyout 
IS- Constable 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
26.1 
24.3 
13 
1.2x 
Europe - buyout 
16- 
Cecconi 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Faintly office 
Fund Secondary 
12.8 
11.0 
13 
1.8x 
Global - diversified 
17- 
Bailey 
Proprietary 
Alternatno Funds 
GP•lyd Secondary 
30.2 
30.5 
13 
2.4x 
Europe - growth equity 
18- 
Stembeck 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
971 
81.7 
13 
12x 
Global - diversified 
19- 
Guar& 
Limited process 
HNW/ Farruty office 
Fund Secondary 
140 
13.3 
11.8 
13 
1.8x 
Global - diversified 
21- 
Windmill Ir II 
Proprietary 
Co. porato 
Single Asset Deal 
22.7 
20.5 
14 
0.7x 
Europe - grange equity 
23- 
Browning 
Limited Process 
HNW/ Faulty office 
Fund Secondary 
8.8 
7.1 
14 
1.9x 
US - diversified 
24- 
lonesco 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Single Asset Deal 
27.7 
25.8 
14 
2.8x 
Europe - buyout 
25- 
Zampieri 
Proprietary 
Caporal° 
Single Asset Deal 
23.8 
23.4 
14 
1.6x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
26- Fitzgerald 
Syndication 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
15.0 
152 
14 
1.4x 
US - buyoul 
28- 
Porter 
Limited process 
Alternatrve Funds 
GP4ed Secondary 
74.7 
60.4 
14 
12x 
US - mid-market buyout 
29- 
Fitzgerald II 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Single Assel Deal 
10.0 
10.0 
14 
1.6x 
US - buyoul 
30- 
Abets 
Limited process 
Alternatrvo Funds 
Fund Secondary 
11.8 
10.6 
14 
1.3x 
Europe - growth equity 
31- Laurel 
Limited process 
Financial Institution 
GP4ed Secondary 
452 
19.0 
0318 
2.0x 
Europe - diversified 
SOF II 
Total 
737 
668.1 
551 7 
1.7x 
fatinbei of cdrepzelies. are bei4 eViroate 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF I! is 1.5x. 
(31 The performance figuies Fa-re been oakelateci based on teciudeed fair kraltiers and sfictid be tread and re.viev:ed in corOnction eiah ti-4 "important Information' anti "iinporciint Perbrmance 
saict
i.a of this 
l ieseritation. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082830 
SONY GM_00229014 
EFTA01383167

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383168.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383168.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOF 
Remaining portfolio construction by FMV1 as of September 30, 2017 
Overview 
Vintage 
2006 
Fund size 
US$565m 
Invested capital 
549m 
Capital called 
421m 
Distributions, net 
756m 
80x 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Europe 
90% 
North 
Amen ca 
10% 
20m 
005x 
US$775m 
84x 
22% 
Investment strategy 
6% 0% 
49% 
Vintage year 
46% 
2% 
I 
20°k 
33% 
45% 
• Large Buyout 
• Growth Equity 
Special Situations 
Mezzanine 
• Pre 2006 
• 2006 
2007 
2008 - 2009 
1) FM\f= Fair Market 'crake 
Past perfonnarrTe. is rcrt a guarantee or €ndicstor of future resits, &id tee can be no assurance that the fund will achieve tornpanabte revalts. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction tenth the 'important Information' and 'Notes to Investment Performance' sections of this Presentation 
Sector composition 
21% 
10% 
5% 
Healthcare 
Industrials 
Business Services 
IT and Technology 
Financial Services 
El 
Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082831 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229015 
EFTA01383168

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383169.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS236 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOF & SOF D 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Invested capital' 
Fused capital' 
Initial 
Gross 
Project none 
Sourcing 
Seller type 
Deal type 
Funds 
Companies' 
(US5m) 
(LISSm) 
dosing 
multiple' 
Portfolio detail 
1- Leonardo 
Proprietary 
Financial Instilution 
Fund Secondary 
609 
205.3 
166.0 
07 
2.0x 
US / Europe - dreerscred 
2- Sprint 
Syndication 
Public to private 
Single Asset 
36.0 
36.1 
07 
3.0x 
Europe - buyout 
Deal 
3- Constellation 
Syndication 
Attemative Funds 
OP-led Secondary 
16.5 
16.7 
07 
0.9x 
US / Europe - growth equity 
4- Grovel 
Syndication 
Financial Institution 
OP-led Secondary 
19.4 
21.6 
07 
1.7x 
Europe - special situations 
5- Freedom 
Syndication 
Pension 
OP-led Secondary 
15.0 
12.1 
08 
0.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
6- Pigeon 
United Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
22.8 
24.7 
08 
1.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
7- Hoover 14
Proprietary 
HMN/Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
104 
0.4 
08 
9x 
US/Asia - dreersilied 
8- Hoover 
Proprietary 
Financial institution 
Fund Secondary 
0.1 
0.3 
09 
8.8x 
US - mezzanine 
9- Amadeus I 
Listed Process 
Endowment 
Fund Secondary 
16.1 
16.2 
09 
2.4x 
Europe - buyout 
10- Hoover194
United Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
2.7 
2.6 
09 
0.8x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
11. Amadeus II 
Linied Process 
Allemative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
5.4 
5.5 
09 
3.3x 
Europe - buyout 
12- Hoover IV' 
Listed Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
3.3 
2.6 
09 
2.2x 
Europe - mid-merket buyout 
13- Hoover V 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
3.4 
3.5 
09 
1.74 
US - mezzanine 
14/21- Bach 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
OP-led Secondary 
39.0 
32.3 
09 
2.0x 
Europe - venture capital 
15- Hoover VI4
Listed Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
4.8 
5.8 
10 
1.7x 
US / Europe - mid-market buyout 
18. Hoover Vila
Proprietary 
HNW/Famty office 
Fund Secondary 
2.9 
2.8 
10 
3.4x 
US - mid-market buyout 
17- Hoover VIII 
Proprietary 
HNW/Farmly office 
Fund Secondary 
196 
0.5 
0.5 
10 
2.8x 
US - mid-market buyout 
18- DaVati 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
193 
103.3 
53.7 
10 
3.0x 
US Europe - diversified 
19- Imperial 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
152 
51.1 
29.4 
10 
19x 
US Europe - mezzanine 
20- Hoover IXA
Proprietary 
HNW/Family office 
Fund Secondary 
294 
0.8 
0.7 
10 
2.6x 
US / Europe - diversified 
SOF 
Sub Total 
154 
1.774 
548.8 
4313 
2.1x 
18- DaVinci 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
193 
138.1 
67.2 
10 
3.0x 
US Europe - diversified 
SOF and SOF D 
Total 
154 
1.774 
606.9 
500.5 
224 
t.lonbei of compzinatx are ben estimate 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Faze and is described as purchase price plus unfunded obligations Furrieti capital is the amount torsied n each Transaction. The Net Multiple jTVPI) for SOF and SOF D is 1.8x and 
2.3x respectively Core erted from FUR to UST using a rate of 1.1821 
cfa The performance figures are based on unaudited fair values and shcand be read and renewed rn conµnction with Ire "Important Informaison- and "Impmtarrt Performance Iniognatii-rn- sections. Gross returns are gross of 
lees, oexailenwv and atoned interest, which aro hot clared at tlw investawitt. level so pedormance is not expected to be represtatative of itiVeRtnlett lOttlrr-4 to investors. Investors Vtltalati CtarittUtt with their Mil ,advisees 
Os to the appropriate `factors to be considered in ewe:mane this intormation. Past performance is not a pedroaon of future performance, but 0 a imludad to d-smonstraa true Irac record a the Gleinower SOF Tea-m and 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or tint any target results will be achieved. 
isft Hoover tfarS.SCOOn4 represent the investments made by SOF via a s.,x6al purpose vehicle r-SFV) attracting iiddkional aio.monter-j, and administrative expenses The aoreat performance for the SP.: may be lower than 
the performance of the individual uweitmer4s. because 
the addition
 amounting and admirosIr arm', expenses. The aggregate net multiple of this SPV, Including the lees and expenses Is 1.9x 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082832 
SDNY_GM_00229016 
EFTA01383169

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383170.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Important Information (1/2) 
This confidentiat peisentation (this "Presentation") is being made available tu you (the "Recipient') by Glendower Capital. LLP ("Glendower). which is authorized and regulated by the Uniteo emedten 
Fthereial Conduct Authority, tor the purpose of providing certain summary information about certain existing and future funds and accounts that are inanaged or advised by Glendower, ire:Riding in 
connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund be to known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP (the 'Fund') 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and documents as having been entered into which my not have occurred or been entered into at the date that this Presentation e 
made available but thet Glendower expects will occur or be entered into thereafter 
This Presentation is net an offer to sell. nor a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security, and may not be used or retied upon in connection with any offer or solicitation. A private offering of interests in 
the Fund will be made only pursuant to the offering documents for the Fund. which contain additional information about the investment objective. terms and conditions of an investment in the Fund and 
also contain tax information and risk disclosures that are important to any investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Fund other 
than as set forth in the offering documents and any such statements, if made. may not be ielied upon. The offering documents will be furnished to queldied investors on a confidential basis al their 
request. The Information contained in this Presentation will be superseded by, and Is qualified In its entirety by reference to. such offering documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid. as there is no secondary market for interests in the Fund and 
none is expected to develop. There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Fund. €nvestments may be leveraged and the investment performance may be volatile. Before cletedina to invest in 
the Fund. prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering documents. •r'he fees and expenses charged in 
connection with an investment in the Fund may be higher than the fees and eepenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. investors should have the financial ability and willingness 
to accept the risk char-at-tenser* of the Fund's investments 
Potential COntiliStS of interest may arise from the relationship between Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates (*Credit Stessee). which is acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit 
Suisse is not acting and will not act as a municipal advisor within the meaning of Section 976 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
prorituated thereunder t'Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services. neetereal, or information that Credit Suisse provides tea municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Advisor Rule ("Covered Party) are provWed en an arm's length 
basis and not as an advisor or fiduciary lo the Covered Party Covered Parties should consult with their own internal and external advisors before taking action with respect to any services, material. or 
inforrretion provided to them by Credit Suisse Credit Suisse also will net solicit a Covered Party for direct or indirect cainwisalion on behae of an unaffiliated investment &Mser for the purpose of 
obtaining or retaining an engagement for that investment adviser by the Covered Party to provide investment advisoiy services lo or on behalf of the Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. Nothing contained herein shall constitute any 
representation or warranty and no responsibility or liability is accepted by Glendower Cr its afeirates es to the accuracy or completenese of any thematic:in supplied herein. 
Unless ottani/Ise stated. the infomnatien in this Presentation has not been audited or verified by an independent party, end should not be seen as eny 
en•
 or returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must he kept strictly confidential and may not he reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoirra. each 
investor and prospective investor (and each employee, representative. or other agent thereof) may disclose lo any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tee treatment and tax structure of 
the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax 
structure. protieed. however, that such disclosure shall not include the name tor other identifying intonation not relevant to the lax structure or tae treatment) of any person and shall not include 
Information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to comply with applicable securities laws. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S•F•R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082833 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229017 
EFTA01383170

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383171.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Important Information (2/2) 
Past performance is not necessarily nde:alive ua suture results and thoe can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the returns generated by the Fund vii equei or 
exceed those presented herein or that the Fund win be able to implement its investment sine:ewes or achieve 
investment objectives The Funcis investment strategy and aplicable investment 
restrictions may differ from those historically employed and economic conditions may differ materially kom the conditions under which any other investment fund or account managed or advised by 
Ceendower lias invested. 
Al€ statements of opinion and ; or belief contained in this Presentation and an views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to eepectations iegarding future events or the 
possible future performance of the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment and interpretation of information available to it as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is made or 
assurance given that such statements, views, projections or forecasts are correct that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors will receive a return of their capital. 
in addition, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, employees or agents for updating this Presentation (or any 
additional informations correcting any ma:cows:ries in it or providing any addit'nal informatbn to you. Accordingly: to the fullest extent possible subjesi to applicable aw. none of /..endowei or es 
affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, directors. officers, partners. members and employees shall be liable (save in the case of fraud} for any loss (whether direct, indirect or 
consequential): damage, cost or expense suffered dr incurred by arty per soot as a result of relying on any statement in, or onlission tom, this Presentation. 
Any forward-kicking statements ;nip lulling. without limitation, project ins of future earnings or value's results or valuations herein are based upon current assumptions. may be simplified and may 
depend upon events outside the control of Glendower or Its affiliates. Other events that. were not taken into account may occur and may significantly affect the analysis herein. Therefore. changes to 
any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or projections. Actual results may therefore be materialty different from any forecast, twinion or valuation hems. Prospective investors 
in the Fund should not rely on these forward-looking statements in deciding whether to invest in such Fund. 'The information contained in this presents:kin has been obtained from sources outside of 
Credit Suisse While such information is believed to be reliable for the purposes used herein. neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its affiliates or partners, members or employees, assume any 
responsibility for the accuracy of such info! oration 
See the 'Notes to Investment Performance" containing additional important information regarding polo./ mance and targeted returns. 
This Presentation does not form part of the basis for any contract between Glendower or its affillatras and any investor 
Recipient; of this Presentation shall not treat this Presentadon as Far. 
regulatory, accounting, legal, investment or any other advice in relation to the Reopeni of this information and this iniormation should not and cannot be relied upon as such. The distribution of this 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restated by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons who come into possession of this Presentation are required to inform themselves about, and to 
observe. any such restrictions 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering of interests in the Fund or the adequacy of the information contained herein Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of interests and risk factors. An investment in the Fund is 
suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability and willingness to accept the high risks end lack of liquidity associated with an investment in the Fund Investors in the Fund 
must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082834 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229018 
EFTA01383171

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383172.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal' means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors (and any follow-on investments in any such 
investment. but no! including any OP-led Secondary) as reasonab€y determined by the Manager as the context requires "Fund Secondary- means (a) an Interest held directly or indirectly by the Fund 
in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including a fund of funds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a standalone transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired 
in a single transaction, in each case as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires, provided that any interest referred to in clause fa) shall be in a fund structure that either has an 
Investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) or has drawn down or committed to invest at least 5014 of its aggregate commitments. and provkled that any portelio of 
interests referred to in clause 49 shall be in hind structures that in the aggregate have drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of their aggregate commitments, provided further that the 
aggregate cotrunitments of any fund structure that has an investment period that is aaiirest (other than for follow-on investments! shall be deorried to equal the amount drawn down in such fund 
structure and provided. further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be determined to be an Early Stage Investment 
"GP-led Secondary' means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct private equity assets through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(and any follow-on investments in any such investment interest but not inc€uding any Single Asset Dea€sj as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires. 
"SOF means DB Secondary Opportunities RintiA. L.P DS Secondary Opportunities Fund E. L.P. and 05 Secondary Oppodundies Fund C. L.P. 
"SCiF D" means OB Secondary Oppertunitkis Fund 0. L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Oppodundkis Fund ii, L.
"SOF lir means Secondary Opportunities Fund ill. LP 
"SOF Funds,' 'SOF Program: or 'Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF !II. 
'SOF Team" and 'Glendower SOF Team" have the meanings set forth in the Memorandum. 
"Russell 2000 Index' The Russell 2000 Index is a small-cap stock rnalicet index of the bottom 2.000 stocks in the Russell 3000 Index. The index is maintained by FTSE Russell a subsidiary of the 
London Stock Exchange Group. 
"MCI World index' The MSCI World index is a broad global equity benchmark that represents large and mid-cap equ€y performance across 23 developed markets countries. H: covers approsimalely 
85% of the tree float-adjusted market capitalization in each country 
"Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index": The Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index seeks to replicate the return profile of the private equity buyout asset class by constructing a 
combination of sector portfolio returns These sector portfolios are designed to track the performance of private equity sector investments by holding liquid exchange traded instruments rather than 
investaig directly in private equity tans 
For other definitions please refer to the Memorandum. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082835 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229019 
EFTA01383172

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383173.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Important Information on the Track Record. 
The Giendower SOF Team spun-oft from Deutsche Bare and its affiliates ('Deutsche Bank nii August 1.2017 and established Glendower Capital: LLP and its affiliates (together. Miketateeyi 
o:, 
independent private equity limn owned by its partners focused on secondary transactions in private markets The performance inferrnatken and track record set out in this Presentation in respect of the 
SOF Funds covers the period time from inception of the SOF Funds to date. including the time prior to the formation of Glendower. when the team were employees of Deutsche Bank In evaluating 
the track record. each Redeem should note that (i) Carlo Pirzio-Birce and Charles Smith have been permanent voting members of the SOP Funds investment comnettees sieee inception: (ii) Chi 
Cheung. Francesco Rigamonti and Adam Graev have attended as observers the majority of investment committees of the SOF Funds since inception. they were appointed in December 2011 during 
the SOF II investment period as voting members on a rotational basis and have been permanent voting members since January 2013: (iii) other employees of Deutsche Bank who were not part of the 
SOF investment team and that have not joined Glendower were involved at different times on the investment committees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in respect of 
the investments made by the SOF Funds and (iv) in connection with the investments comprising the track record, the Glendower investment professionals were part of a larger group within Deutsche 
Bank. The investment performance included herein is intended solely to provide Recipients with information about the Glendower SOF Team's investment experience. The performance information 
provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited ("DAAMIG)L') and provided to Glendower and relates le the SOF Funds and the related individual 
underlying transactions, in respect of which the Glendower SOF Team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers andior investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. 
Geri/dower takes responsibility for its use of this performance information and its comr.liance with all applicable laws, regulati.xis. rules and guidelines. including, but not limited to, the Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and in particular. Rule 204-2 thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for the use of such performance information try Glendower. 
Investment returns. Unless otherwise stated, returns are as of September 30, 2017. are unaudited and are illustrative only. As used herein and unless otherwise iridicateci, 'Gross IRR" and Net 
IRR" shall mean an agar-agate. compound. annual, gross or net as applicable. internal rate of return on investments, based on daily cash haws. Calculations are presented based on actual ;ash tows 
to and from limited partners All IRRs are presented on a "gross' basis unless otherwise slated )i.e , they do not reflect the priority theta share, carried Interest. taxes. transaction costs in connection 
wall the disposition of unrealized investments and other expenses that are borne by investors in the applicable funds, all of which will reduce rattans and, in the aggregate: are expected to be 
substantial} Net IRR is presented after deducting all poorly profit share. cared interest, taxes. trarrsakin costs and other fees and expenses (other than taxes borne or to be borne by investors. 
Including as a result of an investors domicile). Further, note that the calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR In respect of the SOF Funds Is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of 
subscription line facilities. Returns Pattie purchase price netting in all instances where subscription reedit lines. payment deferrals: and permanent fund borrowing have been uttizea. Although the 
manager maintains flexibility to do so, capital has not been recycled to dale. Distributions to Paid-in Capital CDPI"I represents aggregate distributions to Investor; in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. Residual Value to Paid-in Capital i*RVPI") represents the value of the SOF Funds investors' interest held withal the SOF Funds relative to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Funds. net of the SOF Funds' carried interest, manatornent fees and other expenses. Total Value to Paid-in Capital rTVPI"): TVPI =DPI 4- RVPI Gross multiple 
represents Tolal Value divided by Funded Capital. Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.) net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried interest. management fees and other expenses. 
Valuations. Valuations el unrealized investments are generally based on a good faith and reasonable determination by the general partner of the relevant investment hind. My such valuation of 
unrealized investment will be based on assumptions that such general penner believes are reasonable under the ckctirristannes. the actual realized returns on unrealized investments will depend on, 
among other factors. future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposrtion. any related transaction costs and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may 
differ from the assumptions on which the valuations used in the prior performance data contained herein are based. Accordingly. the actual realeted returns generated by these unrealized investments 
may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. 
Target returns. The targeted returns (the "Targets') presented herein are based on Glendowees views retarding the returns on investments that such funds may be able to achieve durinu their 
respective terms based on the investment performance of similar investments, current market conditions, potential investment opportunities that are being reviewed or have recently been reviewed. 
availability of financeig and certain assumptions about investing conditions and market fluctuation or recovery The Targets are also based on models. estimates, and assumptions about performance 
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. There is no guarantee that the facts upon which such assumptions are based will materialize as anticipated and will be applicable to such funds' 
investments. €ndividual investments made by such funds rray have anticipated returns below or above the Targets The Targets are hypothetical and are neither a guarantee nor a prediction or 
projection of future performance. A broad range of risks could cause the funds to fail to meet thee Targets. As with other gross returns. gross Targets do not reflect the priority profit share. 'carried 
interest,' taxes, transaction costs in connection with the disposition of unrealized investments aivJ offer expenses that will be borne by investors, which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, are 
expected to be substantial. 
Glendower 
Capita{ 
SIR OILY CONFDENTAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082836 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229020 
EFTA01383173

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383174.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS236 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (1/6) 
For Residents of the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the -AlFtelD"). the Fund will constitute an EU AiF (as defined in the AlickiiDi whose AIF M (as defined in the AlFMD) is the 
Manager. tse€f an EU AlFki Except as provided belowin inspect of the specific mentor states listed. this Presentation and any other doteencnts or materiels r
e.ted to the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase. of the interests in the Fund, shall only be distributed to prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member state of the European 
Economic Area that are 'professional investors'. For these purposes. a "professional investor' is a person who is considered to be a professional ciOnt or who may. on request, be treated as a 
professional client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 2004/39,EC. 
AIF MD Notice. 
In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a 'Member State') which has implemented the Alternative Invert rant Fund Managers Directive (Directive (2011;51/EU)) (the lAIENIEn (and for 
which transitional arrangements are not/ no longer available), this Presentation may only be distnbtrted and interests in the Fund may only he offered or placed In a Member State to the eicien1 that: (I) 
the Fund is perrnitt61 to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD os implemented info the local Law/regulation of the relevant. Member State); or 
(2) this presentation may otherwise he lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may otherwise be tawliilty offered or placed in that Member Slate (including at the initiative of the investor). 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA which, at the date of this presentation. has not implemented AiFNID. this presentation may only be distributed arid interests in the Fund may only be 
offered or placed to the extent that this presentation may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may lawfully be offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of the 
investor). 
For persons in Australia. This information has been prepared for general information purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation constitutes investment legal, accounting or tax advice, or a 
representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to individual circumstances. or otherwise constitute a personal recommendation to any specific investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation should not assume that any investment discussed herein were of will be profitable. There is no ouarantee concerning the achievement of investment objectives or target returns or 
measurements. Any reference to past performance is not indicative of future results and is no guarantee to future results This Presentation has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted 
recipients its Australia who qualify as wholesale dents as that term is defined by section 761G(7) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth 1 (the `Act) and as sophisticated or professional 
investors as defined by sections 708(8) and (ll) (respectively of the Act In respect of which an offer would not require disclosure under Chapter 61) or Pail 7.ci of the Act It does not contain and 
should not be taken as containing any financial product advice or 'Mane-dal product recommerda€ions. This Presentation is not a prospectus, product disclosure statement or any other form of 
prescribed offering document under the Act. This Presentation is not required to. and does not. contain all the information which would be required in either a prospectus, product disclosure statement 
or any other form of prescribed offering document under the Act, nor G it required to be submitted to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Tne funds referred to in these materials 
are nal registered schemes as defined in the Act. In Australia. Credit Suisse Group entities, other than Credit Suisse AG. Sydney Branch. are not authorized deposiletakina institutions for the purposes 
of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth.) and their obligations do not represent deposits or other liabilities of Credit Suisse AG. Sydney Branch. Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch does not guarantee or 
otherwise provide assurance in respect of the et:ligation of such Credit Suisse entities or the hinds. 
For persons in Bahrain. The Presentation has not been approved by the Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no resp•onsibCy for its contents. No offer to tho public to purchase the Funds interests 
will be made in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Presentation is intended to be read by the addressee only and must not be passed to, issued to. or shown to the public generally. 
For persons in Brazil. The information contained herein is for informational purposes only and is not and under no circumstances is to be construed as. a prospectus. an advertisement. a public 
offering. an otter to sell the interests described herein or a solicitation of an offer to buy the interests described herein in Brazil. Any public offer or sale of the interests described herein will be made 
only if applicable registration in the Brazilian Securities Commission is obtained. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any investment will be deemed to the public in Brazil or by any means 
would be deemed public offering of securities in Brazil. Under no circumstances is the information contained herein to be construed as investment advice. Brazilian Securities Commission tree not 
reviewed the material herein.
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082837 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229021 
EFTA01383174

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383175.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (3/6) 
For persons in Hong Kong. The information memorandum in relation to any interest and/or investment referred to in this Presenteiron has not been approved by the Securities anti eetures 
Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly fai any Interests or securities may not be offered or sold and have net been ettered or sold in Hong Kong. by means et any document, other than to (i) 
"professional investors- as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made tinder that Ordinance, or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a -prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap 622) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the puerile within the meaning of that Ordinance, and it') no 
person has issued or had In its possession for the purposes of issue and will not issue or have et IM possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or etewtrere. any advertisement. 
Invitation or document relating to any interest or securities, which ks directed at. or the contents of which are or are likely to be accessed or read by. the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do 
so under securities taws of Hong Kong) other than With respect to any interests or StiCtiritieS which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 'professional 
Investors- within the definition el the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
For persons in Israel. This Presentation has not been approved by the Israel Securities Authority arid will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a manner that will not constitute 'an offer to the 
public' under sections 15 and 15a of the Israel Securities Law. 572B-1968 ("the Securities Law') er section 25 of the joint investment Trusts Law. 5756-1994 Fele joint Investment Trusts Law"). as 
applicable. The products described in this Presentation (the 'Products') are being offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during any given 12 month period) and/or those 
categones of investors listed in the First Addendum (*the Addendum') to the Securities LAW; ("Sophisticated investors") namely joint investment funds or mutual trust funds. provident funds, insurance 
ce.mpanies, banking corporations (purchasing Prothicts For themselves or for clients who are Sophistieated Investors). portfolio managers (purchasing Products for themselves or for clients who are 
Sophisticated Investors), investment advisors or investment marketers (purchasing Products for themselves). members of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange (purchasing Products for themselves or for 
clients who are Sophisticated investors), underwriters (purchasing Products for themselves). venture capital fends engaging mainly in the capital market, an entity wthich is wholly-owned by 
Sophisticated Investors, corporations. (other than fanned for the specific purpose of an acquisition pursuant to an offer). with a shareholders equity in excess of NIS 50 million. and individuals in 
respect of whom the terms of item 0 in the Schedule to the Investment Advice Law hold true investing for their own account. in respect of which at least one of the following applies: the total value of 
their cash, deposits, financial assets (as defined in the Investment Adviee Lowland securities traded on a stock exchange licensed under the Securities Law (together, "liquid .Assets') exceeds NIS 8 
million (approximately £1.3 million), their level of income over each of the preceding two years exceeds MS 1.2 million (approximately 1.200,000). or the level of income of their `family unit' exceeds 
NIS 1 8 million (approximately E300,121>0); or the aggregate Value et all their is
uire Assets exceeds NIS 5 mil on (approximately E13,30,000) and their level of income over each of the preceding two 
years exceeds NIS 600,000 (approximately £100.000). or the level of income of their "fanYly unit' exceeds NIS 000,000 (approximately £150.000), each as defined in the said Addendum. as amended 
from time to time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation that they qualify as Sophisticated investors. and that they are aware of the consequences of such designation and agree 
thereto: in all cases under circumstances that will fall within the private placement or ether exemptions of the Joint Investment Trusts Law, the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines. 
pronouncements or rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This Presentation may nol be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor be furnished to any other person other than those to whom copies have been sent Any &three who purchases a Product 
is purchasing such Product for its own benefit and account and not with the aen or intention of distributno or offering such Product to other parties (other than, in the case of an offeree which is a 
Sophisticated Investor by virtue ofd being a banking corporation. portfolio manager or member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange. as defined in the Addendum, where such oilers* is purchasing Product 
for another party which is a Sophisticated Investor). Nothing in this Presentation (Mould be consWered investment advice or investment marketing as defined in the Regulation of investment 
Counselling. Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law. 5755-194. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a locally licensed investment counsel prior to making the investment. As a prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this 
Presentation a recipient shall be required by the Fund to provide confirmation that it is a Sophisticated Investor purchasing Products for its own account or where applicable. for other Sophisticated 
Investors 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer to sell or sell station of an offer to buy any securities other than the interests in the Fund offered hereby, nor does it constitute an offer to sell to Or 
solicitation of an offer to buy from any person or persons in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation wouldbe unlawful, or in which the person making such offer or soliciteee; • F 
not qualified to de so, or to a person or persons to villein it is unlawful to make such offeror wliceatice. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082839 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229023 
EFTA01383175

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383176.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (6/6) 
For persons in St Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St nits and 
This Presentation has not been reviewed by the Securities Commission or 
Financial Services Regnistory Commission in St Kitts and Nevis. No regulators authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the :writs of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any regulatory authority in St Kitts and Nevis. Each investor shouii consult his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for 
advice on the various legal. fax or economic matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund 'There is risk involved in investing, with the ultimate risk being Me loss of the investor's entire 
InVeStrriOnt 
For persons in UAE/Abu DhabilDubai. This Presentation. and the information contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute. a public offer of securities in the United Arab 
Emirates and accordirigN should riot be construed as such. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of sophisticated investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment in such interests and (b) upon their specific request The interests in the Fund have net been approved by or licensed or 
registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Securities and Commodities Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE The Presentation is for the use of the 
named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other person (other than employees. agents or consultants in connection with the addressee's consideration thereof) No transaction 
will be concluded in the UAE and any enquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower.
For persons in the United States of America. In making an Investment decision prospective must rely on their own exanintifion of the issuer and the terms of the offering. including the merits and 
risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securtes commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authortes have not confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of this Presentation Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state or other securities taws or the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated The 
interests will be offered and sold in the United States only to qualifying recipients of the Fund's private placement memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Section 44.2) and Regulation 0 thereof and any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws of the states and other 
junsdict ions where the offering wilt be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only and are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferied or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities tots, pursuant to registration or exerritgion therefrom. Limited Partners 
should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an investment company under 
the investment Company Act Consequently. Investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. There will be no public_ market for the interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part of any person to register the Interests tinderthe Securities Act. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082842 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229026 
EFTA01383176

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383177.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
(together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for the fund associated with this presentation material. 
Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, 
completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN 
INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, 
INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD ALSO CONSIDER MAKING SUCH 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation material does not guarantee or predict future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. 
governmental agency, are not obligations of or guaranteed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., or any of their affiliates, 
and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Further, the securities described in this presentation have not been 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund described in this presentation material or its affiliates through arrangements that may or 
may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities, such as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our employees, including 
those of our investment representatives who may offer fund interests to clients, may now or in the future own interests in the fund described in this presentation 
material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. Notwithstanding any other express or implied agreement, arrangement or understanding to the 
contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your employees, representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, to 
disclose to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential transaction, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) 
that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is effective 
without limitation of any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027210 042718 
Deutsche Bank 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082843 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229027 
EFTA01383177

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383178.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383178.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Letter of Authorization for Fund Investment 
Dear Client: 
In connection with your subscription for an interest in the alternative investment fund 
listed below (the "Fund") that is managed by iCapital Advisors, LLC (the "Manager") and offered 
by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. ("Deutsche Bank") as placement agent, Deutsche Bank will be 
required to provide the Manager, the Fund or their affiliates, or the Fund's administrator 
(collectively referred to herein as "iCapital Parties") with certain information about you, as 
follows: 
1. If you are a natural person: 
• 
Your name, residential address, and social security or other tax identification 
number; 
• 
Evidence regarding date of birth and confirmation of middle initial of name; 
• 
Copies of identification documents such as your passport or driver's license; 
• 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial condition as 
required by applicable law. 
2. If you are a corporate structure or trust: 
• 
Incorporation documentation / formation documentation (for example, 
certificate of incorporation, memorandum & articles, trust deed (including 
incorporation documentation for any corporate entities or trusts who are 
beneficial owners of the undersigned); 
• 
ID documentation for individuals who are beneficial owners (>25%); 
• 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial condition as 
required by applicable law. 
This information is referred to herein as the "Information". Accordingly, Deutsche Bank 
requests your consent to share your Information with the iCapital Parties and to receive from 
the iCapital Parties information pertaining to your Fund investment. 
Deutsche Bank regards protecting your personal information as one of our fundamental 
responsibilities. 
*** PLEASE TURN THE TO NEXT PAGE *** 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082844 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229028 
EFTA01383178

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383179.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
*** PLEASE CHECK THE FOLLOWING BOXES AND SIGN BELOW *** 
Name of Fund:  
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
K 
The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to provide the undersigned's 
Information to the iCapital Parties in order to assist the iCapital Parties to verify the 
undersigned's identity or obtain other "know your customer" information in connection with 
the undersigned's investment in the Fund. 
K 
The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to transfer funds from the 
undersigned's Deutsche Bank account referenced below (the "Client Account") in order to fund 
any required capital contribution by the undersigned to the Fund. 
K 
In addition, the undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to receive from the 
iCapital Parties any information relating to the undersigned's Fund investment, including but 
not limited to all correspondence, statements of account and valuations, at the electronic 
and/or physical address directed by Deutsche Bank. 
K 
The undersigned acknowledges that (1) Fund interests will not be held at 
Deutsche Bank; (2) estimated values of the Fund provided by the iCapital Parties to Deutsche 
Bank and reported on Client Account statements provided by Deutsche Bank will be for 
informational purposes only and may not reflect current Fund values or recent activity; and (3) 
statements of account for the Fund will be sent directly to the undersigned by the iCapital 
Parties, and not by Deutsche Bank. 
The undersigned's authorization shall be valid until revoked in writing. 
Client Authorization: 
(If you are signing on behalf of your organization, please ensure you are an authorized 
signatory) 
Name: 
Signature: 
Title (if applicable):  
Date: 
Deutsche Bank Representative Name / Number (if applicable): 
Subscription Amount: $ 
Confidenbal 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082845 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229029 
EFTA01383179

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383180.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Placement Fee: $ 
Initial Capital Contribution Amount: $ 
Deutsche Bank Account Number: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082846 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229030 
EFTA01383180

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383181.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
(For Investors referred by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.) 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
April 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement') may only be distributed in conjunction with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the 'Memorandum') relating to the offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests') in Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (US), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and the Memorandum. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082847 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229031 
EFTA01383181

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383182.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the 'Supplement') is intended to modify and update the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary• Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund') with respect to Investors referred or introduced to the Access Fund by Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. acting through its Wealth Management division ("DBSI"). The Access Fund is expected to 
invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with any parallel thirds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the 
extent that any statement or information contained in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this 
Supplement, such statement or information is hereby amended by this Supplement. The Memorandum 
remains in effect except to the extent supplemented or modified herein, and nothing herein modifies or 
changes or should be deemed to modify or change in any way the information contained in the section 
entitled "Important Disclosures" in the Memorandum. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum. All references in the Memorandum to "this 
Memorandum" shall refer to the Memorandum as supplemented hereby. This Supplement has been 
furnished on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or used for any other purposes. Each person 
accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to return it to the General Partner promptly at the request of the 
General Partner or if such person determines not to invest in the Access Fund, including indirectly through 
Glendower Access Secondary• Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the "Feeder Fund" and together with 
the Access Fund, the "Access Funds'). Notwithstanding anything contained herein (and in the 
Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, and any other related documents) to the contrary, each 
Investor (and each employee, representative, or other agent of each such Investor) may disclose to their 
advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service or other U.S. taxing authority. without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of 
the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that arc provided to 
Investors relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, provided, however, that no Investor (and no 
employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other information that is not relevant to 
understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction (including the identity of the party and 
any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or any other information to 
the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in a violation of any U.S. federal or state securities 
law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide information regarding 
DBSI's appointment as Placement Agent and the compensation and fees related thereto. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082848 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229032 
EFTA01383182

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383183.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Chances to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The information contained in the Memorandum under the heading "Summary of Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund" is hereby amended by adding the following information to the last page: 
Servicing Fee: 
The General Partner, the Investment Manager and the Access Funds have entered into a placement 
agreement with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the -DRS! Placement Agreement"), pursuant to which 
DBSI or one or more of its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank") will act as a Placement Agent and refer and/or 
introduce certain of its clients to the Access Funds (each such client that subscribes to the Access Fund, a 
"DB Introduced Person"). The Investment Manager will, in exchange for Deutsche Bank performing 
certain servicing functions, pay to Deutsche Bank in respect of each DB Introduced Person that is not in 
default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement (including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced Person, a fee (the "Servicing Fee"). 
The Servicing Fee will be payable quarterly in advance and will be calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
during the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
(ii.) 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
(iii.) 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of any 
Management Fees collected by the Access Fund or the Investment Manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable 
sham of Invested Capital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082849 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229033 
EFTA01383183

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383184.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
DB Placement Fee: 
Each DB Introduced Person will directly pay Deutsche Bank a Placement Fee (the "DB Placement Fee") 
in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, any such DB Placement Fee paid by a 
DB Introduced Person to Deutsche Bank will not be considered a capital contribution to the Access Fund. 
All expenses (including marketing costs) of Deutsche Bank shall be borne by Deutsche Bank. Deutsche 
Bank in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all or any portion of the DB Placement Fee payable 
by any particular DB Introduced Person. 
The DB Placement Fee rates applicable at each level of investment are as follows: ** 
Subscription in US$ 
Placement 
Fee Rate 
from $5,000,000 or 
greater 
from $3,000.000 to 
$4,999,999 
less than $3,000,000 
1.00% 
1.50% 
2.00% 
** The DB Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart from the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the relevant DB Introduced 
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund (e.g., a DB Introduced Person with an aggregate Subscription of 
$1 million will pay to Deutsche Bank a DB Placement Fee equal to $20,000). 
Direct Investor Placement Fees: 
Pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between Deutsche Bank and one or more of the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, LLC, Deutsche Bank will also act as placement 
agent for the Underlying Fund and will refer and/or introduce certain of its clients to the Underlying Fund. 
In consideration for such services, the Glendower GP or an affiliate shall pay Deutsche Bank a placement 
fee equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person. 
In addition, certain clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the Underlying Fund. Deutsche Bank 
will be paid a fee in respect of each such direct investor based on such direct investor's aggregate 
commitment to the Underlying Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the additional layer of fees and 
expenses to which DB Introduced Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients investing directly in the 
Underlying Fund will be subject to the eligibility, suitability and minimum capital commitment 
requirements as determined by the Glendower GP. 
Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest Applicable to DB Introduced Persons 
In addition to the risk factors and conflicts of interest contained in the Memorandum under the heading 
"Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest," the following risk factors and conflicts of interest 
apply to each DB Introduced Person. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082850 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229034 
EFTA01383184

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383185.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS238 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Changes to Certain Regulatory Matters 
The section of the Memorandum under the heading "Certain Regulatory Matters" is hereby amended by 
adding the following immediately after the second paragraph in the risk factor titled "Mandated Disclosure 
ofCertnin Events": 
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental and regulatory investigations 
into research and analysts practices, DBSI reached a settlement agreement with the SEC, the National 
Association of Securities Dealers, the New York Stock Exchange and the New York Attorney General, and 
with other state regulators arising from an investigation of research analyst independence. Under the terms 
of the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million. 
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the SEC, the New Jersey Department of Securities and 
New York Attorney General in connection with various claims under the federal securities laws and state 
common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and auction rate securities (together, 
"ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI was required to, among other things, offer to buy back 
ARS purchased by certain customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers who took out loans secured 
by ARS and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. In connection with the 
settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders against DBSI. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082852 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229038 
EFTA01383185

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383186.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form WI1°9 
(Rev. November 2017) 
Depxtment d the Treasury 
Internal FhwenueService 
Request for Taxpayer 
Identification Number and Certification 
► Go to iwnv.irs.goviForrnW9 for instructions and the latest information 
Give Form to the 
requester. Do not 
send to the IRS. 
Mai
O. 
ti 
o 
c 
u 
I Name (as s 
n on your Income tax return). Name is required on this hne; do not leave this line blank. 
Business name/disregarded entity name it different from above 
Check appropriate box for federal tax classification of the person whose name b entered on erne 1. Check only one of the 
following seven boxes. 
K Individual/sole proprietor or 
K C Corporation 
K S Corporation 
K Partnership 
K Trust/estate 
single-member LLC 
K limited hablity company. Enter the tax classification (C-C corporation, S-S corporation, P-Partnership) ► 
Notee Check the appropriate box in the line above for the tax classification of the single-member owner. Do not check 
LLC it the LW is classified as a single-member LLC that is disregarded from the owner unless the owner of the LLC is 
another LLC that is not disregarded from the owner for US. federal tax purposes. Otherwise, a single-member LLC that 
is disregarded from the owner should check the appropriate box for the tax classification of its owner. 
Other (see instructions) X 
(2- 5 Address (number, street, and apt. or suite no.) See instructions. 
A 6 City, state and ZIP code 
Exemptions (codes apply crly to 
certain entities, not individuals: see 
instructions on Page 3): 
Exempt payee code Of era° 
Exemption from FATCA reporting 
code Qf any) 
AsoSit to am. 
13.34 33:10. TO 4.13J 
Requesters name nd address (OW 
List account number(s) here (optional) 
Part I 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on line 1 to avoid 
backup withholding. For individuals, this is generally your social security number (SSN). However, for a 
resident alien, sole proprietor, or disregarded entity, see the instructions for Part I, later. For other 
entities, it is your employer identification number (EIN). If you do not have a number, see How to get a 
TIN, later. 
Note: If the account is in more than one name, see the instructions for line 1. Also see What Name and 
Number To Give the Requester for guidelines on whose number to enter. 
Part II 
I Social security number 
or 
Employer Identification number 
Certification 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me); and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (e) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding; and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined below); and 
4. The FATCA coders) entered on this form (if any) indicating that I am exempt from FATCA reporting is correct. 
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backa0thhokling because 
you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. For real estate transactions. item 2 does not appfyor mortgage interest paid. 
acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retiremearangement (IRA). and generally, payments 
other than interest and dividends, you are not required to sign the certification, but you muVrovide your correct 11N. See the instructions for Part II, later. 
Sign 
Here 
Signature of 
US. person ► 
Dole ► 
General Instructions 
Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code unless otherwise 
noted. 
Future developments. For the latest information about developments 
related to Form W-9 and its instructions, such as legislation enacted 
after they were published, go to vnymirs.gov/ForrnW9. 
Purpose of Form 
M individual or entity (Form W-9 requester) who is required to file an 
information return with the IRS must obtain your correct taxpayer 
identification number (TIN) which may be your social security number 
(SSN). individual taxpayer identification number (ITN). adoption 
taxpayer identification number (ATIN), or employer identification number 
(EIN), to report on an information return the amount paid to you, or other 
amount reportable on en information return. Examples of Information 
returns include, but are not limited to. the following. 
• Form 1099-INT (interest earned or paid) 
• Form 1099-DIV (dividends, Including those from stocks or mutual 
funds) 
• Form 1099-MISC (various types of income. prizes. awards. or gross 
proceeds) 
• Form 1099-B (stock or mutual fund sales and certain other 
transactions by brokers) 
• Form 1099-S (proceeds from real estate transactions) 
• Form 1099-K (merchant card and third party network transactions) 
• Form 1098 (home mortgage interest), 1098-E (student loan interest), 
1098-T (tuition) 
• Form 1099-C (canceled debt) 
• Form 1099-A (acquisition or abandonment of secured property) 
Use Form W-9 only if you are a U.S. person (including a resident 
alien), to provide your correct TIN. 
if you do not return Form W-9 to the requester with a TIN, you might 
be subject to backup withholding. See What Is backup withholding, 
later. 
Cat. No. 10231)( 
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082853 
SONY GM_00229037 
EFTA01383186

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383187.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383187.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Criminal penalty for falsifying information. Willfully falsifying 
certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties 
including fines and/or imprisonment. 
Misuse of TINs. If the requester discloses or uses TINs in violation of 
federal law, the requester may be subject to civil and criminal penalties. 
Specific Instructions 
Line 1 
You must enter one of the following on this line; do not leave this line 
blank. The name should match the name on your tax retum. 
If this Form W-9 is for a joint account (other than an account 
maintained by a foreign financial institution (FFI)), list first, and then 
circle, the name of the person or entity whose number you entered in 
Part I of Form W-9. If you are providing Form W-9 to an FFI to document 
a joint account, each holder of the account that is a U.S. person must 
provide a Form W-9. 
a. Individual. Generally, enter the name shown on your tax return. If 
you have changed your last name without informing the Social Security 
Administration (SSA) of the name change, enter your first name, the last 
name as shown on your social security card, and your new last name. 
Note: MN applicant: Enter your individual name as it was entered on 
your Form W-7 application, line la. This should also be the same as the 
name you entered on the Form 1040/1040A/1040EZ you filed with your 
application. 
b. Sole proprietor or single-member LLC. Enter your individual 
name as shown on your 1040/1040A/1040EZ on line 1. You may enter 
your business, trade, or "doing business as" (DBA) name on line 2. 
c. Partnership, LLC that is not a single-member LLC, C 
corporation, or S corporation. Enter the entity's name as shown on the 
entity's tax return on line 1 and any business, trade, or DBA name on 
tine 2. 
d. Other entitles. Enter your name as shown on required U.S. federal 
tax documents on line 1. This name should match the name shown on the 
charter or other legal document creating the entity. You may enter any 
business, trade, or DBA name on line 2. 
e. Disregarded entity. For U.S. federal tax purposes, an entity that is 
disregarded as an entity separate from its owner is treated as a 
"disregarded entity." See Regulations section 301.7701.2(c)(2)(ii). Enter 
the owner's name on line 1. The name of the entity entered on line 1 
should never be a disregarded entity. The name on line 1 should be the 
name shown on the income tax retum on which the Income should be 
reported. For example, if a foreign 11C that Is treated as a disregarded 
entity for U.S. federal tax purposes has a single owner that is a U.S. 
person, the U.S. owners name is required to be provided on line 1. II 
the direct owner of the entity is also a disregarded entity. enter the first 
owner that is not disregarded for federal tax purposes. Enter the 
disregarded entity's name on line 2. "Business name/disregarded entity 
name." If the owner of the disregarded entity is a foreign person, the 
owner must complete an appropriate Form W-8 instead of a Form W-9. 
This is the case even if the foreign person has a U.S. TIN. 
Line 2 
If you have a business name, trade name, DBA name, or disregarded 
entity name. you may enter it on line 2. 
Line 3 
Check the appropriate box on line 3 for the U.S. federal tax 
classification of the person whose name is entered on line 1. Check only 
one box on line 3. 
IF the entity/person on line 1 is 
a(n) ... 
THEN check the box for. . . 
• Corporation 
Corporation 
• Individual 
• Sole proprietorship, or 
• Single-member limited liability 
company (LLC) owned by an 
individual and disregarded for U.S. 
federal tax purposes. 
Individual/sole proprietor or single-
member 11C 
• LLC treated as a partnership for 
U.S. federal tax purposes, 
• LLC that has filed Form 8832 or 
2553 to be taxed as a corporation, 
or 
• LLC that is disregarded as an 
entity separate from its owner but 
the owner is another LLC that is 
not disregarded for U.S. federal tax 
purposes. 
Limited liability company and enter 
the appropriate tax classification. 
(P• Partnership; Ce C corporation: 
or S• S corporation) 
• Partnership 
Partnership 
• Trust/estate 
TrusVestate 
Line 4, Exemptions 
If you are exempt from backup withholding and/or FATCA reporting, 
enter in the appropriate space on line 4 any code(s) that may apply to 
Wu-
Exempt payee code. 
• Generally, individuals (including sole proprietors) are not exempt from 
backup withholding. 
• Except as provided below, corporations are exempt from backup 
withholding for certain payments, including interest and dividends. 
• Corporations are not exempt from backup withholding for payments 
made in settlement of payment card or third party network transactions. 
• Corporations are not exempt from backup withholding with respect to 
attorneys' fees or gross proceeds paid to attorneys, and corporations 
that provide medical or health care services are not exempt with respect 
to payments reportable on Form 1099-MISC. 
The following codes identify payees that are exempt from backup 
withholding. Enter the appropriate code in the space in line 4. 
1—An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a). any IRA. or 
a custodial account under section 403(1)(7) if the account satisfies the 
requirements of section 401(0(2) 
2—The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities 
3—A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession, or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities 
4—A foreign government or any of its political subdivisions, agencies. 
or instrumentalities 
5—A corporation 
6—A dealer in securities or commodities required to register in the 
United States, the District of Columbia, or a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession 
7—A futures commission merchant registered with the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission 
8—A real estate investment trust 
9—An entity registered at all times during the tax year under the 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
10—A common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a) 
11—A financial institution 
12—A middleman known in the investment community as a nominee or 
custodian 
13—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section 
4947 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082855 
SONY GM_00229039 
EFTA01383187

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383188.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 4 
The following chart shows types of payments that may be exempt 
from backup withholding. The chart applies to the exempt payees listed 
above, 1 through 13. 
IF the payment is for ... 
THEN the payment is exempt 
for... 
Interest and dividend payments 
All exempt payees except 
for 7 
Broker transactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 and 6 
through 11 and all C corporations. 
S corporations must not enter an 
exempt payee code because they 
are exempt only for sales of 
noncovered securities acquired 
prior to 2012. 
Barter exchange transactions and 
patronage dividends 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 
Payments over $600 required to be 
reported and direct sales over 
55,000" 
Generally, exempt payees 
through 5' 
Payments made in settlement of 
payment card or third party network 
Uansactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 
I See Form 1099-MISC, Miscellaneous Income, and its instructions. 
However, the following payments made to a corporation and 
reportable on Form 1099-MISC are not exempt from backup 
withholding: medical and health care payments, attorneys' fees, gross 
proceeds paid to an attorney reportable under section 604501 and 
payments for services paid by a federal executive agency. 
Exemption from FATCA reporting code. The following codes identify 
payees that are exempt from reporting under FATCA. These codes 
apply to persons submitting this form for accounts maintained outside 
of the United States by certain foreign financial institutions. Therefore, if 
you are only submitting this form for an account you hold in the United 
States, you may leave this field blank. Consult with the person 
requesting this form if you are uncertain if the financial institution is 
subject to these requirements. A requester may indicate that a code is 
not required by providing you with a Form W-9 with "Not Applicable" (or 
any similar indication) written or printed on the line for a FATCA 
exemption code. 
A—An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a) or any 
individual retirement plan as defined in section 7701(aX37) 
B—The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities 
C —A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession, or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities 
D —A corporation the stock of which is regularly traded on one or 
more established securities markets, as described in Regulations 
section 1.1472-1(cX1)(1) 
E—A corporation that is a member of the same expanded affiliated 
group as a corporation described in Regulations section 1.1472-1(c)(1)(i) 
F —A dealer in securities, commodities, or derivative financial 
instruments (including notional principal contracts, futures, forwards, 
and options) that is registered as such under the laws of the United 
States or any state 
G—A real estate investment trust 
H —A regulated investment company as defined in section 851 or an 
entity registered at all times during the tax year under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 
I—A common trust fund as defined in section 584(a) 
J —A bank as defined in section 581 
K —A broker 
L—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section 
4947(a)(1) 
M —A tax exempt trust under a section 403(b) plan or section 457(g) 
plan 
Note: You may wish to consult with the financial institution requesting 
this form to determine whether the FATCA code and/or exempt payee 
code should be completed. 
Line 5 
Enter your address (number. street. and apartment or suite number). 
This is where the requester of this Form W-9 will mail your information 
returns. If this address differs from the one the requester already has on 
file, write NEW at the top. If a new address is provided, there is still a 
chance the old address will be used until the payor changes your 
address in their records. 
Line 6 
Enter your city, state, and ZIP code. 
Part I. Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. If you are a resident alien and 
you do not have and are not eligible to get an SSN. your TIN is your IRS 
individual taxpayer identification number (ITIN). Enter it in the social 
security number box. If you do not have an ITIN. see How to get a TIN 
below. 
If you are a sole proprietor and you have an EIN, you may enter either 
your SSN or EIN. 
If you are a single-member LLC that is disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner, enter the owner's SSN (or EIN, if the owner has 
one). Do not enter the disregarded entity's EIN. If the LLC is classified as 
a corporation or partnership, enter the entity's EIN. 
Note: See What Name and Number To Give the Requester, later, for 
further clarification of name and TIN combinations. 
How to get a TIN. If you do not have a TIN, apply for one immediately. 
To apply for an SSN, get Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security 
Card, from your local SSA office or get this form online at 
nww.SSA.gov. You may also get this form by calling 1-800-772-1213. 
Use Form W-7. Application for IRS Individual Taxpayer Identification 
Number, to apply for an ITIN, or Form SS-4, Application for Employer 
Identification Number, to apply for an EIN. You can apply for an EIN 
online by accessing the IRS website at www.irs.gov/Businesses and 
clicking on Employer Identification Number (EIN) under Starting a 
Business. Go to wvnv.irs.gov/Forms to view, download, or print Form 
W-7 and/or Form SS-4. Or. you can go to www.irs.gov/OrderForms to 
place an order and have Form W-7 and/or SS-4 mailed to you within 10 
business days. 
If you are asked to complete Form W-9 but do not have a TIN, apply 
for a TIN and write "Applied For" in the space for the TIN, sign and date 
the form, and give it to the requester. For interest and dividend 
payments, and certain payments made with respect to readily tradable 
instruments, generally you will have 60 days to get a TIN and give it to 
the requester before you are subject to backup withholding on 
payments. The 60-day rule does not apply to other types of payments. 
You will be subject to backup withholding on all such payments until 
you provide your TIN to the requester. 
Note: Entering "Applied For" means that you have already applied for a 
TIN or that you intend to apply for one soon. 
Caution: A disregarded U.S. entity that has a foreign owner must use 
the appropriate Form W-8. 
Part II. Certification 
To establish to the withholding agent that you are a U.S. person, or 
resident alien, sign Form W-9. You may be requested to sign by the 
withholding agent even if item 1, 4, or 5 below indicates otherwise. 
For a joint account, only the person whose TIN is shown in Part I 
should sign (when required). In the case of a disregarded entity, the 
person identified on line 1 must sign. Exempt payees, see Exerrpt payee 
code, earlier. 
Signature requirements. Complete the certification as indicated in 
items 1 through 5 below. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082856 
SONY GM_00229040 
EFTA01383188

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383189.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383189.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 5 
1. Interest, dividend, and barter exchange accounts opened 
before 1984 and broker accounts considered active during 1983. 
You must give your correct TIN, but you do not have to sign the 
certification. 
2. Interest, dividend, broker, and barter exchange accounts 
opened atter 1983 and broker accounts considered inactive during 
1983. You must sign the certification or backup withholding will apply. If 
you are subject to backup withholding and you are merely providing 
your correct TIN to the requester, you must cross out item 2 in the 
certification before signing the form. 
3. Real estate transactions. You must sign the certification. You may 
cross out item 2 of the certification. 
4. Other payments. You must give your correct TIN. but you do not 
have to sign the certification unless you have been notified that you 
have previously given an incorrect TIN. "Other payments" include 
payments made in the course of the requester's trade or business for 
rents. royalties, goods (other than bills for merchandise), medical and 
health care services (including payments to corporations), payments to 
a nonemployee for services, payments made in settlement of payment 
card and third party network transactions, payments to certain fishing 
boat crew members and fishermen, and gross proceeds pad to 
attorneys (including payments to corporations). 
5. Mortgage interest paid by you, acquisition or abandonment of 
secured property, cancellation of debt, qualified tuition program 
payments (under section 529), ABLE accounts (under section 529A), 
IRA, Coverdell ESA, Archer MSA or HSA contributions or 
distributions, and pension distributions. You must give your correct 
TIN, but you do not have to sign the certification. 
What Name and Number To Give the Requester 
For this type of account: 
Give name and SSN of: 
1. Indrodual 
2. Two or more individuals (joint 
account) other than an account 
maintained by an FF1 
3. Two or more U.S. persons 
(joint account maintained by an FFQ 
4. Custodial account of a manor 
(Uniform Gift to Minors Act) 
5. a. The usual revocable savings trust 
(grantor is also trustee) 
b. So-caned trust account that is not 
a legal or valid trust under slate law 
8. Sole proprietorship or disregarded 
entity owned by an individual 
7. Grantor trust filing under Optional 
Form 1099 Filing Method 1 (see 
Regulations section 1.671.4(bX2N8 
The individual 
The actual owner of the account or, if 
combined funds, the first individual on 
the account' 
Each holder of the account 
The minor' 
The grantor-trustee 
The actual owner' 
The owner 
The grantor' 
For this type of account: 
8. Disregarded entity not owned by an 
individual 
9. A valid trust. estate. or pension trust 
10. Corporation or LLC electing 
corporate status on Form 8832 or 
Form 2553 
11. Association, club, religious. 
charitable, educational, or other tax-
exempt organization 
12. Partnership or multi-member LLC 
13. A broker or reentered nominee 
Give name and MN of: 
The owner 
Legal entity 
The corporation 
The organization 
The partnership 
The broker or nominee 
For this type of account: 
Give name and EIN of: 
14. Account with the Department of 
Agriculture in the name of a pubic 
entity (such as a state or local 
government. school *Oct. or 
prison) that receives agricultural 
program payments 
15. Grantor trust filing under the Form 
1041 Fikng Method or the Optional 
Form 1099 Filing Method 2 (see 
Regulations section 1.871-408(2)MB)) 
The public entity 
The trust 
' List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish. 
If only one person on a joint accoun has an SSN. that person's number 
must be furnished. 
' Circle the minor's name and furnish the minor's SSN. 
' You must show your individual name and you may also enter your 
business or DBA name on the -Business name/disregarded entity" 
name line. You may use either your SSN or EIN (if you have one), but the 
IRS encourages you to use your SSN. 
' List first and circle the name of the trust, estate, or pension trust. Po 
not furnish the TIN of the personal representative or trustee unless the 
legal entity itself is not designated in the account title.) Also see Special 
rules for partnerships, earlier. 
'Note: The grantor also must provide a Form W-9 to trustee of trust. 
Note: If no name is circled when more than one name is listed, the 
number will be considered to be that of the first name listed. 
Secure Your Tax Records From Identity Theft 
Identity theft occurs when someone uses your personal information 
such as your name, SSN, or Other identifying information, without your 
permission, to commit fraud or other crimes. An identity thief may use 
your SSN to get a job or may file a tax retum using your SSN to receive 
a refund. 
To reduce your risk: 
• Protect your SSN, 
• Ensure your employer is protecting your SSN, and 
• Be careful when choosing a tax preparer. 
If your tax records are affected by identity theft and you receive a 
notice from the IRS. respond right away to the name and phone number 
printed on the IRS notice or letter. 
If your tax records are not currently affected by identity theft but you 
think you are at risk due to a lost or stolen purse or wallet, questionable 
credit card activity or credt report, contact the IRS Identity Theft Hotline 
at 1-800-908-4490 or submit Form 14039. 
For more information, see Pub. 5027. Identity Theft Information for 
Taxpayers. 
Victims of identity theft who are experiencing economic harm or a 
systemic problem, or are seeking help in resolving tax problems that 
have not been resolved through normal channels, may be eligible for 
Taxpayer Advocate Service (TAS) assistance. You can reach TAS by 
calling the TAS toll-free case intake line at 1-877-777-4778 or TTY/TDD 
1-800-829-4059. 
Protect yourself from suspicious smalls or phishing schemes. 
Phishing is the creation and use of email and websites designed to 
mimic legitimate business emails and websites. The most common act 
is sending an email to a user falsely claiming to be an established 
legitimate enterprise in an attempt to scam the user into surrendering 
private information that will be used for identity theft. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082857 
SONY GM_00229041 
EFTA01383189

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383190.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Martin Zeman 
Sent: 
5/29/2018 10:29:46 AM 
To: 
Paul Barrett (I 
CC: 
'Richard Kahn' 
Subject: 
Paul, 
; Xavier Avila I 
i; Liam Osullivan 
; Davide-A Sferrazza 
Confirmation: USDPLN roll 
: Stewart Oldfield 
To confirm the USDPLN roll, today you B/S PLN 4,80O,000 against USD at 3.7162/3.714635 value 1 June/2 July 2018. 
Thank you, 
Martin 
Martin Zeman 
Director I Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
DB Securities Inc 
345 Park Avenue 10154-0CO4 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the F1NRA 
Rule 4512(C)(3), and who are capable of evaluating the strategies, characteristics and investment risks ot and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating, the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of DESSI or its affiliates prior to 
execution, and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. Key Client Partners 
(KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and related matters thscussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only, and strictly on a non-
advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information and for discussion purposes only. Any reproduction ancVor redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or disclosure of 
its content without our written consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of DEJS1 or any 
of ifs affiliates. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082859 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229043 
EFTA01383190

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383191.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383191.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Liam Osullivan 
Sent: 
6/7/2018 4:10:56 PM 
To: 
Paul Barrett 
• 'Richard Kahn' 
CC: 
Davide-A Sferrazza 
• Joshua Shoshan 
; Martin Zeman 
; Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
RE: Trade Details --> 06/07/2018 [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Paul, 
You are correct. You SOLD 50,000 shares of AMD at 14.92886. 
I apologize for the confusion. 
Thank you, 
Liam 
From: Paul Barrett (mailto 
Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2018 4:07 PM 
To: Liam Osullivan < 
>: 'Richard Kahn' < 
Cc: Davide-A Sferrazza < 
Joshua Shoshan < 
>; Xavier Avila 
<
>; Martin Zeman < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: RE: Trade Details —> 06/07/2018 [C) 
Xavier Avila 
Sold not bought 
Paul Barrett 
Alpha Group Capital LLC 
142 W 57th Street, 111" Floor, New York, NY 10019 
a ALPHA GROUP 
CAPITAL 
From: Liam Osullivan 
Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2018 4:03 PM 
To: Paul Barrett < 
>; 'Richard Kahn' 
Cc: Davide-A Sferrazza 
; Joshua Shoshan < 
; Xavier Avila 
c
>; Martin Zeman < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Trade Details --> 06/07/2018 [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Paul, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229044 
DB-SDNY-0082860 
EFTA01383191

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383192.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383192.pdf
----------------------------------------
In SFLLC: 
You bought 50,000 shares of AMD at 14.92886. 
Thank you, 
Liam 
Liam O'Sullivan 
AVP I Key Client Partners - US 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 10154-0004 New York, NY. USA 
Prepared on 
06/06/2018 Source: 
Pershing NetX 360 
Unofficial trade confirmations use information from sources that the firm believes to be reliable. but Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. cannot guarantee 
the accuracy of this information, or the 'affability of these sources. Please refer to your official account statements and confirmations for all trade 
information. 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the FINRA 
Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies, characteristics and investment risks of. and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating. the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of OBSI or its affiliates prior to 
execution, and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. Key Client Partners 
(KCP) products investment ideas and solutions and related matters discussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only. and strictly on a non-
advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information and for discussion purposes only. Any reproduction and/or redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or disclosure of 
its content without our written consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of DB& or any 
of
 affiliates. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to http§j/db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082861 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229045 
EFTA01383192

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383193.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383193.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ernm:
Stewar
ld 
Sent: 
6/10/2015 lila 
Iv
i
To: 
Paul Morris 
; Daniel Sabba l
l 
Subject: 
RE: bullish expression of single stocks [CI ill 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Primary benefits are worst-of structure which can't be replicated with vanilla options and the barrier which gives better 
protection vs. long stock/short call. 
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: Wednesday, June 10, 2015 12:12 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield; Daniel Sabba 
Subject: FW: bullish expression of single stocks [C] [I] 
Classification: For 'Memel use only 
Pis discuss 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
Office: 
Cell: 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:feevacation@tomail.conl]
Sent: Wednesday, June 10, 2015 11:50 AM 
To: Daniel Sabba; Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: bullish expression of single stocks [C] 
why is this differnet or better than selling calls against the stock? ? no provisoin to call can change mind 
overnight no exectuion risk? 
On Wed, Jun 10, 2015 at 10:14 AM, Daniel Sabba cz
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Daniel Sabba 
Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:ieevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, June 10, 2015 10:13 AM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082862 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229046 
EFTA01383193

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383194.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Daniel Sabba 
Subject: Re: bullish expression of single stocks [C] 
number to call? 
On Wed, Jun 10, 2015 at 9:48 AM, Daniel Sabba < 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
I called you back yesterday and left a message with Lesley. We had reached out to discuss using short dated structured 
notes to articulate constructive views on single name stocks. We priced the example below for AAPL and BK, and could 
do the same for your favorite names from the list we sent you last week (email below). 
Sample transaction terms - 18mo Callable Yield Note 
Issuer 
BNP Paribas 
Maturity: 
months (callable after 3 months) 
Underlying: 
Lesser of: 
Apple Inc (AAPL) 
Bank of New York Mellon (BK) 
Callable: 
Quarterly — at issuer's discretion 
Contingent Coupon: 
10.00% p.a. subject to coupon barrier 
Observed and paid quarterly 
Coupon Barrier: 
Principal Barrier: 
75% of initial strike observed quarterly 
75% of initial strike observed at maturity only 
Description: The investor receives 2.50% per quarter (10% p.a.) if all (2) underlying stocks are above the coupon barrier 
on the quarterly observation date. The note is callable at the discretion of the issuer on each quarterly observation date. If 
not redeemed early, at maturity, the principal is at risk if one or more of the underlying stocks has a final strike below their 
principal barrier, with the investor being exposed to the return of the worst performing underlying stock. Settlement at 
termination can be either cash or physical. 
Looking forward to discussing, 
Daniel 
From: Ariane Dwyer 
Sent: Tuesday, June 02, 2015 9:24 AM 
To: 'jegyegetion@g .... .............. 
Cc: Vahe Stepanian; Daniel Sabba; Paul Morris 
Subject: RE: send to rich please [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Good morning, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082863 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229047 
EFTA01383194

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383195.pdf
----------------------------------------
Per your request, please find below the stocks with 6/1/15 close price, DB Global Market Research Rating and DB Global 
Market Research Target price. In addition please find attached DB Global Market Research Reports about the companies 
we cover. Please note these are independent equity research views. 
Company 
Ticker 
Price @ 
6/1/15 
Close 
DB Global Markets Research Rating 
DB Global Markets 
Research Target 
Retrophin 
RTRX 
$31.85* 
Buy 
$52 
Orexigen Therapeutics 
OREX 
$4.91 
No Coverage 
Akorn 
AKRX 
$46.25 
Buy 
$55 
Dish Networks 
DISH 
$72.07 
Buy 
$105 
Pioneer Natural Resources 
PXD 
$149.77 
Hold 
$182 
EOG Resources 
EOG 
$88.76 
Buy 
$101 
General Dynamics 
GD 
$140.25 
Buy 
$166 
Delphi Automotive 
DLPH 
$86.83 
Buy 
$94 
Comcast 
CMCSA 
$58.78 
No Coverage 
Glaxo Smith Kline 
GSK 
1456 GBP 
Hold 
1540 GBP 
Viacom 
VIAB 
$66.71 
Buy 
$85 
Baidu 
BIDU 
$201.56 
Buy 
$239 
Alibaba 
BABA 
$90.78 
Buy 
$104 
*52 week high 
Let us know if you have any questions. 
Best, 
Ari 
From: Daniel Sabba 
Sent: Tuesday, June 02, 2015 6:41 AM 
To: leevacation@qmail.comi;
Cc: Vahe Stepanian; Ariane Dwyer 
Subject: Re: send to rich please [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Paul Morris 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082864 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229048 
EFTA01383195

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383196.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey, to clarify, are you looking at closing prices as of 06/01/2015? 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailtoleevacation@omail.conl] 
Sent: Monday, June 01, 2015 09:54 PM 
To: Daniel Sabba; Richard Kahn •:
>; Paul Morris 
Subject: send to rich please 
prices on RTRX, OREX AKRX dish networks, PXD EOG, GD, delphi, comcast, glaxo viacom, baidu 
baba 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in en-or, please notify us immediately by 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082865 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229049 
EFTA01383196

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383197.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383197.pdf
----------------------------------------
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. My unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationarpnail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082888 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229050 
EFTA01383197

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383198.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Fl 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Email: 
From: Nicole Perskawiec 
Sent: Monday, June 18, 201811:07 AM 
To: Rodney Macelus 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: RE: Euros rom 
Classification: For internal use only 
Rodney, 
Stewart Oldfield < 
No worries. Does the client want to FEDEX overnight or the two day? 
Kind regards, 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY. 10154 
Tel. 
Fax: 
Email
From: Rodney Macelus 
Sent: Monday, June 18, 2018 11:05 AM 
To: Nicole Perskawiec <E
> 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
; Stewart ()Wield 
; Firdaus Madiar 
>; Firdaus Madiar 
Nicole, 
Per client... 
Please purchase 6200 Euros in 500, 200 and 100 bills and let me know exact charge from AFEX. Please FedEx to: 
HBRK Associates 
% Bella Klein 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082869 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229053 
EFTA01383198

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383199.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hi Nicole, 
Another request for you... Please advise. 
Thank you! 
Best, 
Rodney Macelus 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
New York. NY 10154 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bella Klein 
Date: June 18, 2018 at 9:41:17 AM EDT 
To: Bradley Gillin 
Cc: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Euros from ace xxxx9691 
Hi Brad, 
We need to order Euros. Please let us know what is the limit that we can order 
today and the purchase rate. 
Address for Fedex: 
HBRK Associates 
Rich Kahn 
575 Lexington Ave, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022Thank you, 
Bella ra 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082871 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229055 
EFTA01383199

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383200.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
VijayA Sawant 
Sent: 
7/16/2018 2:30:52 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
CC: 
Bradley Gillin 
Subject: 
RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Caseg01946825 
Importance: 
High 
Hello Brad/Stewart, 
Kind reminder of the below. Let me know if we could have a chat today? 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche O8 Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, NirIon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai • 400063, India 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, July 06, 2018 12:14 AM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Casee01946825 
Let's set up a time to discuss when Brad is back next week. Some of these requests seem unreasonable, and AML should 
already have a lot of this info, particularly anything relating to Jeffrey Epstein personally (since we have so many 
accounts for him). 
As for Chip's email, it predates me. And the other people on the email are no longer at DB. So I don't see how I can get 
hold of the full email. But again, Jeffrey has been through a complete rep risk process here and has been signed off on 
repeatedly by management as we've done any KYC remediation or new account opening. 
Anyway, let's regroup next week so we can go back to AML with a comprehensive set of responses. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Wednesday, July 04, 2018 9:15 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 
Importance: High 
Hello Stewart, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082872 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229056 
EFTA01383200

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383201.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hope you are well!! 
I have received the following list of rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 relating to customer — Prvtanee, LLC. 
I need your assistance in resolving below highlighted points. 
For Point 2 — As per attached constitutional doc, they (AML) are requesting to update address mentioned on Pg 11 
(Royal Palms Professional Building address). I had updated address as per Pg 28 which is the IRS letter. Please confirm 
whether to keep this address or amend it as per Pg 11? 
For Point 6 — Could you provide the email that the AML team is seeking? I only have the attached email (2nd pdf 
attachment) from the repositories. 
For Points 8 & 9 — Kindly provide SOW info for Jeffrey & Caroline. 
For Point 10 — This will be covered on Pts 8 & 9 
For Point 11— My existing comments on the DB deposit account is "the purpose of this account is to managing the 
monthly expenses of the company" as per previous KYC. Kindly advise, please? 
For Point 13 — I am unable to procure SoS for this entity from the US Virgin Islands company registry website -
Department of Licensing and Consumer Affairs. Kindly provide this please? 
For Point 17 — Please provide the requested email. 
Rejection:1) Please add the account number for the deposit account. 
2) The address on the LLC Agreement does not match the address in the LLC Agreement. Please provide proof of 
address. 
3) Please expand on the nature of business. What do they do with the investment in art work? Re-sell it? 
4) Richard Kahn has been tagged as a signatory. However, as per the DB Resolution uploaded under KYC — 1704382, he is 
not listed as a signatory. If Darren is indeed not a signatory, please remove him from this KYC. 
5) The Pierre Trust was created under the laws of USVI. Please re-run research with that country as well. 
6) Can you please locate the full e-mail chain that proves that Chip Packards approval actually refers to Epstein's jail 
sentence? The current e-mail attachment uploaded does not refer to what is actually being discussed. 
7) Please attach the RDC Alert for Richard Kahn. 
8) Please provide SOW verification for Jeffrey Epstein. 
9) Please complete SOW narrative for Caroline and provide SOW verification as well. 
10) The SOW narrative for Jeffrey Epstein seems a bit outdated. It still refers to the Financial Trust Company as the SOW 
Company. However, based on the consent of board of directors meeting from 2013, Financial Trust Company merged 
into Southern Financial LLC with Southern Financial LLC as the surviving entity. Please updated the SOW narrative and 
provide research etc for the new entity. 
11) Please explain in detail what this account is being used for. What are the monthly expenses of the company? 
12) Please complete the 90 and one year values. The one year value is listed as $1MM, however, the account currently 
has just less than 5200K. 
13) Please provide COGS for Prytanee, LLC. 
14) The account opened date in the KYC does not match the account opened date in DbForce. Please re-concile. 
15) Please add the state to Darren Indyke and Richard Kahn's address. 
16) Please add the TAX ID/Identification number for Caroline. 
17) Please provide proof of delivery for the FinCEN form. Please ensure it was e-mailed by the same person who signed 
the form (Jeffrey Epstein). 
18) Please provide google searches for the appropriate entities and individuals. Please ensure you use the most up to 
date search string that is located in the US country addendum to the KOPs. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082873 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229057 
EFTA01383201

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383202.pdf
----------------------------------------
I am working on rest of the points in the meanwhile. Thanks in advance. 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche O8 Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
BI, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082874 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229058 
EFTA01383202

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383203.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
dwhpbdw-batch@db.com Idwhpbdw-batch@db.comj 
Sent: 
8/8/2018 1:40:30 AM 
To: 
RM0082289@list.db.com 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20180808 
RM CODE 
82289 
08/07/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,979,225.63 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
339,889.97 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
234,339.98 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
547,088.76 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
1,467,122.23 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
376,315.00 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
242,359.85 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
326,685.34 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
285,583.43 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
140,742.73 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
158,711.77 
NES, LLC 
291,715.69 
)SC INTERIORS LLC 
112,008.02 
LS)E, LLC 
D 
475,680.87 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
2,075,025.07 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
171,568.68 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
450,588.70 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
197,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
334,744.48 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
558,833.88 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
734,736.63 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
323,679.36 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
M 
268,350.48 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
40,583,100.79 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
534,440.04 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
102,917.53 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,830,158.90 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
280,134.81 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
5,359,111.91 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 DRAT 
D 
278,604.37 
TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,748,474.12 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
1,484,277.72 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
253,754.99 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
253,764.37 
CODE 
82289 
08/07/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,132,988.54 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,527,405.05 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
150,393.93 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
150,393.93 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082875 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229059 
EFTA01383203

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383204.pdf
----------------------------------------
Business 
Internet 
Banking - 
Wire 
Epstein, Jeffrey E. 
35269691 - 
JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN 
$22 19.43 
3/13/2019 
9.06 AM 
1.207 
Rejected
d
Kind Regards, 
Halina Laczny 
Assistant Vice-President I WM Operations Americas I Oversight & Control 
Deutsche Dank Wealth Nhuissemmt 60 Wall Sim,. Skw York, NY. 10005-2836. USA 
Tel. +1 201493-1932 Emai halinalacznvadb.com 
littvslinivdb.intranct.dh.conthrouptawm-kipmnions-us 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082879 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229063 
EFTA01383204

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383205.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
5/10/2019 10:57:23 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfieId I 
hope you are well 
are you free for a call today 
i am available 12-4pm 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York. NV 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082880 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229064 
EFTA01383205

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383206.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383206.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
5/26/2019 11:32:21 AM 
To: 
Donna Kerrigan 
Subject: 
Re: Southern financial [C) 
Are you in next week? Let's have a quick chat with Andrew since there is quite a bit of 2019 revenue on the account 
that he may not want elsewhere. Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On May 26, 2019, at 10:34 AM, Donna Kerrigan 
> wrote: 
Hi All - As agreed with Patrick and Andrew, all revenues, NNA, etc. for Souther Financial 
dating back to Jan 1st 2018 should be moved to House so Stewart is not impacted by the asset 
outflows in 2019. Lets please correct 2018 as soon as possible as these should have been moved 
in an earlier restatement. 
Thanks, 
Donna 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www blackbern corn)
Front: Robert Frohlich <alltridb.com> 
Date: Friday, May 24, 2019 2:52 PM 
To: Stewart Oldficld 
db.com>
Cc: Leslie Roth 
. Donna Kerrigan •=:
> 
Subject: Southern financial iCl 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Stewart. 
Below is the complete picture of your financials in USD for 2018 and 2019 YTD including Southern Financial. This 
goes back to the question as to whether the 2019 YTD Southern Financial revenues of S363k currently mapped to a 
House account should be nipped back to your name alongside the S-85m NNA outflow (no further flows and 
revenues expected). 
As you know. we manually removed the Southern Financial revenues from your 2018 data when we provided 
Andrew with last year's revenues by RM as part of the target setting process but given that we weren't directly 
involved in how your 2019 number was derived I suggest you discuss directly with him and we can then act 
accordingly. If the decision is to not change anything then I suggest Leslie will map the remaining 2018 revenues 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082881 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229065 
EFTA01383206

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383207.pdf
----------------------------------------
and flows which are still mapped to your name and we missed out on (for whatever reason) to a House account and 
there will be no impact on your 2019 financials. 
USD 
Rt unit 
Let us lcnow. 
tin Sin I 
Kind regards. 
Rob Frohlich 
FT'I8 1vtilills 
Steward Oldfield 
Qf which: Southern Financial 
Southern Financial House Acc. 
Steward Oldfield 
OR% hied) Southern Financial 
Southern Financial House Ace 
<image001.gif» 
Robert Frohlich 
Deutsche Bank AG, Finale New York 
Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0004 Now York. NY, USA 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Aprl 9 YTD 
FY l9 Target 
3,576,567 
1,600,929 
4.026.207 
703.616 
486.673 
363,457 
n.a. 
73.2 
360.7 
110.0 
(49.2) 
0.0 
(7.4) 
(85.0) 
n.a. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082882 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229088 
EFTA01383207

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383208.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Dear Stewart, 
Corinna-A Reibchen 
8/28/2018 4:10:02 PM 
Stewart Oldfield 
Emily Craig 
KYC remediation project I HR overdues 
Oldfield_Stewart_HR KYC.xlsx 
; Dian Stoianov 
We are working with Emily Craig and Thomas Klemm on the KYC Remediation project / HR overdue task force. 
It would be great if we can discuss with you the status around your HR overdues as well as the upcoming HR cases due 
by the end of the year (please see attached Excel file with your HR cases). 
Also please let us know if/where you need help. 
We know you have a lot of topics on your plate but it would be great to have a short catch up call tomorrow or next 
week. Please let us know what time is best for you. 
We are completely flexible regarding timing. 
Thanks a lot and looking forward talking to you and your team. 
Best, 
Corinna 
Corinna Reibchen 
KYC remediation project 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082884 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229068 
EFTA01383208

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383209.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383209.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
6/23/2015 3:17:23 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein Ijeevacation@gmail.cornj 
CC: 
Daniel Sabba 
; Ariane Dwyer I 
I; Paul Morris 
Stewart Oldfield I 
I; Richard Kahn I 
I 
Subject: 
FW: n• NEW JOINT BOOKRUN IPO •*' XACTLY CORP (NYSE: XTLY) •• • APPROVED FOR EXTERNAL DISTRIBUTION 
U. 
Jeffrey— FYI on the below. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
*0  APPROVED FOR EXTERNAL DISTRIBUTION *** 
Issuer: Xactly Corp. 
Symbol: XTLY 
Deal size: 7,037,500 shares (97% primary / 3% secondary) plus 15% greenshoe (100% primary / % secondary) 
Offer range: $10.00 —12.00 
Exchange: NYSE 
Anticipated pricing: Thursday, June 25th
Roadshow: 
6/15: New York 
6/16: New York 
6/17: New York 
6/18: Boston 
6/19: Mid-Atlantic 
6/22: San Francisco 
6/23: Denver/LA 
6/24: Chicago / Minneapolis 
6/25: KC / Houston /Pricing 
Lunch details: 
Group Lunch — New York 
TBD 
Group Lunch — Boston 
6/18/15 - 12:30pm 
Boston Harbor Hotel — North Atlantic Room 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082886 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229070 
EFTA01383209

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383210.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383210.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bookrunners: 
JPMorgan 
Deutsche Bank 
UBS 
Co-managers: 
Needham 
Oppenheimer 
The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this 
communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other 
documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may 
get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site, at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any 
underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling 
toll-free 1-800-503-4611 or by mail from Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 10016, or by 
email at prospectus.cpdg@db.com 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082887 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229071 
EFTA01383210

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383211.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383211.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield
Sent: 
11/7/2018 3:33:51 PM 
To: 
Kimberly Hart 
Subject: 
RE: Epstein - negative media [I] 
Had a good chat on this. Let's discuss and then I can summarize in an email 
Thanks 
From: Kimberly Hart 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 6:49 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Re: Epstein - negative media [I) 
No worries - was just checking in. How is the training? 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
On Oct 31, 2018, at 11:05 PM, Stewart Oldfield < 
> wrote: 
I'm talking to his CFO tmw for more details. Missed him the last few days while I was in sales training. 
Sorry for the delay. Thanks. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Oct 31, 2018, at 9:00 PM, Kimberly Hart < 
> wrote: 
Were you able to obtain the additional details from the client as discussed with 
Andrew? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082888 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229072 
EFTA01383211

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383212.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383212.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
On Oct 22, 2018, at 3:39 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
> wrote: 
Might be easiest to discuss. Please let me know when 
From: Kimberly Hart 
Sent: Monday, October 22, 2018 2:30 PM 
To: Richard larossi < 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin < 
, Stewart Oldfield 
; Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: FW: Epstein - negative media [II 
Classification: For internal use only 
It is hard for me to comment without additional information. I am 
comforted by the fact that the case was dismissed but it would be 
helpful to know the following: 
(1) 
Why was this suit brought against Mr. Epstein? What was his 
connection to Hoffenberg? 
(2) 
What was told to you by Mr. Epstein or his representatives 
regarding the claims? Did he serve as a "consultant' to TFC? 
(3) 
Why were the claims dismissed? 
(4) 
Has Andrew reviewed the information and is he comfortable 
maintaining the relationship with Mr. Epstein and his related entities? 
<image001.gif> 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 14'h floor. New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
EmSI 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082889 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229073 
EFTA01383212

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383213.pdf
----------------------------------------
Richard larossi 
Assistant Vice President 
IXartschc Bank %%Ambit Alanaganent 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
New' • N ' 
Securities offered through Deutsche Dank Securities Inc. 
From: Kimberly Hart 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 12:15 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media DI 
Classification: For internal use only 
Was this returned as an RDC alert — or part of the regular Lexis/Nexis 
due diligence? 
<iniage001 gif> 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 14m floor, New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 11:03 AM 
To: Kimberly Hart 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: Epstein - negative media 
Kim, 
This just surfaced in our latest KYC reviews. let's discuss what info I 
need from the client and then next steps. Thanks 
http://www.classactionsreporter.com/sites/default/files/towers ponzi 
scheme complaint.pdf 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082891 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229075 
EFTA01383213

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383214.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383214.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Daphne Cales 
Sent: 
11/13/2018 11:15:27 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
CC: 
Bradle 
Subject: 
RE: Epstein - negative media IC) [II 
; Vijay-A Sawant I 
I; Mayur Rathod 
; Richard larossi 
Classification: For internal use only 
Please send to everyone on this email thank you. 
Kind regards, 
Daphne Cales 
Daphne Cales 
Director I Banking Services & Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM America 
154-0004 New York. NY. USA 
Email 
RuTritn4trgefiron. 
; Vinita Advani 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, November 13, 2018 11:00 AM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant < 
>; Mayur Rathod < 
>; Alka Babu 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Richard larossi 
Subject: FW: Epstein - negative media [I] [C] 
We will have all of the internal sign offs on the lawsuit that was dismissed later today I expect. 
Please let me know who I need to get this info to once Kim Hart approves. 
Thanks 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: Tuesday, November 13, 2018 10:38 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield <ste.wart.oliltieId2s1b.cp.m>; Kimberly Hart <kimberlv.hart@db.com>
Cc: Bradley Gillin <bradley.gillin@db.com>; Richard larossi crichard.iarossi@db.com>
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media [I] [C) 
Classification: Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082893 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229077 
EFTA01383214

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383215.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
fyi 
Stewart Oldfield
11/21/2018 10:09:07 AM 
Bradley Gitlin I 
FW: MR/ LR remediation - your portfolio 
2018_11_13_ACO_Stewart Oldfield.pdf; 2018_11_13_ACO_Stewart Oldfield_Remediation_Portfolio.xlsx 
From: Corinna-A Reibchen 
Sent: Tuesday, November 20, 2018 7:25 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: MR / IR remediation - your portfolio 
Dear Stewart, 
> 
My name is Corinna Reibchen. I am the CEO of passcon LLC, a consulting firm specialized in KYC for the banking sector. 
Passcon has been hired by Deutsche Bank Wealth Management U.S. to support the high risk remediation in 2018 as well 
as low and medium risk remediation in 2019. 
As per Thomas Klemm's email from Friday November 16m, we have compiled all relevant data points from the static data 
systems (like dbForce and GMIS) to provide you with an overview of your individual client portfolio in scope for the 2019 
low and medium risk remediation. 
Please find attached your individual client portfolio which will be part of this remediation. 
What are we doing for you? 
Our primary goal is to perform the low and medium risk remediation as seamlessly as possible for you and your clients. 
For this reason, we are currently discussing integrating client outreach into the KYC process, which will be conducted by 
passcon's well-trained KYC Analysts. We see this as an exciting new development in the KYC process, as it will allow you 
to focus on developing your client relationships, while we take ownership over retrieving documents to complete the 
cases. 
We can assure you that the client outreach will be client-oriented and highly professional, giving you peace of mind that 
your clients will be in good hands. 
I would like to give you the following details of the process: 
1. 
Detailed overview of your individual client portfolio 
We will compile your individual client portfolio based on the existing information in the static data systems (as noted 
above). We will contact you to discuss the portfolio especially with regards to potential exits or where you would like to 
reach out to the clients due to an expected complexity or sensitivity. That way, all stakeholders are on the same page. 
2. 
Client Outreach 
Before we reach out to any of your clients we will discuss with you the best way to contact the clients. Please specify 
those clients that you would like to reach out to directly (max. 20 %), in the file attached, Column P. 
You will always be copied in and all ACO-confirmed clients will be contacted during the KYC process by passcon in case 
of missing documents or information. The initial timeframe to deliver the requested information will be 4 weeks. After 
reaching the 4 week milestone without getting the necessary information, two reminders will be sent out every two weeks. 
In case of unresponsive clients an agreed escalation process from passcon to you will be followed to consider the exit 
option in the worst case. 
Please note that before we reach out to the clients we will discuss the missing information first of all with you and will then 
only reach out to the client with the agreed remaining outstanding required information. To provide comfort to you on our 
experience and the feasibility of our approach, we will agree on certain clients with you to conduct a pilot on this outreach. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082897 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229081 
EFTA01383215

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383216.pdf
----------------------------------------
3. 
Reporting and MI 
The progress will be monitored and tracked by passcon. Passcon will deliver an update for your individual client portfolio 
every two weeks. Further reports on a higher level will be delivered to the KYC SteerCo more frequently. 
I kindly request you in the first step to review your individual client portfolio and share your feedback as soon as possible. 
We will schedule a call with you shortly to discuss further details and next steps. 
Your support is highly appreciated, and we are excited to begin collaborating with you to achieve a successful remediation 
in 2019! 
Please do not hesitate to contact us in case of any questions in the meantime. 
Many thanks and kind regards, 
Corinna 
Corinna Reibchen 
CEO I passcon LLC 
a SSCO 
100 Park Avenue 110017 New York I USA 
Mobile +49 152 042 809 86 
Corinna.Reibcheraoasscon.com  I passcon.com 
XING I Linkedln 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082898 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229082 
EFTA01383216

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383217.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
COIN Nam 
Re at meSs Name 
Lan KNC 
PacerICYC 
OMPacm 
CM-BRILL 
Loa 
Station PH. m 
CU Gott 
CMd rot doled 
431/2019 
IOC RHO 
P.oclucti COM 10) 
Mr 2019 
0-6evam 
Rot (15611/1 
COY ISH7-18) 
524 
535514 
20.MUktrecna 
FAMILY TRUST HAD 
03/12.04 HEATHER CC ERItIOCROSBY RELATIONSHIP 
CROSBY 
AUGUSTUS 0 
615611 
515510 
106Urs" 
SEEPING GOT I.CEERNIGICROSBYREIAllONSHIP 
TRUST UM 
ITTAH I CAerrioa 
SEEPING FAMILY 
CEERING/CROSBY RELATIONSHIP 
LTD PARTNERSHIP 
Ony Pacer 
Ony Peter 
La 
Lan 
Lon 
Lon 
Lon 
Lan 
lo. 
Loa 
Low 
Lan 
Clmtve scaled 
1•31/2019 
C rim el Haled 
5/31/2019 
My 2019 
Brokompr 
Mr 2019 
O.9uop.
5/BOGOTA 
10.631159 
--• 
636606 
535664
493996 
656210 
CE 
WHITED 
DEERING/CROSBY RELATIONSHIP 
PARTNERSHIP 
MATHEYS LANE 
GREEN MIZARD 
DEERING/CROSBY RELATIONSIPP 
tie
Ony Pear 
OnOP•mr 
C e it nst Halal 
631/2019 
C em misled 
5/31/2019 
C moms HMS 
5/31/2019 
C em 10( Stated 
5/31/2019 
C
en -M HAMS 
4/302019 
116 2019 
13'0Kant 
Ma. 2019 
0'044•69* 
SO 
SO 
13439:24 
SO 
*Halt 
DEERNICHCROSBY RELATIONSHIP 
"NUN:All 
OMPeerer 
Ma. 2019 
13'0Kane 
1hr 2019 
Einuccem 
rum 2019 
6•64,  me 
SO 
51219362 
so 
eon re°, 
GENERA-I:ATLANTICFAMILYOFFICE 
CeoLar. LLC 
RE LATIONSHIP 
Ony Omer 
Inmetce-t Sc FAMILY OFFICE RELATIONSHIP 
t., Moir LP 
Ony Pew 
so 
to 
492049 
4813,9 
442693 
me
.."(11.61Ca
Se FAMILY 0$11C1 RELATIONSHIP 
Ony Pam,
C en-Masted 
4/307019 Fe* 2019 
ElTervime 
C en' we arta' 
4402019.Fm. 2019 
Reielynea. Weems 
C rams Memel 
4/102019 Feb2019 
Res *HMI Mortoege 
so 
WHOA 260 
uNOEMAIIII FAMILY RELATIONSHIP 
Mit. 
Ony Poser 
so 
so 
Own LC 
• Reeds Umneel 
uNOEMAIIII FAMILYPIRATIONSHIP 
Err 
Orey Pew 
375°40 SOLUTIONSINC. 
JOCKEY CLUB RELATIONSHIP 
Ony Pam. 
Lon 
C 
.Hamm, 
7/3142019 
Lon 
C eM net tined 
711/.019 
Lon 
C era came 
1611/2019 
Lon 
C 
me netts, 
8/31/2019 
Mar 2019 
Oav CHOOCti 
SI.00• 
llor 2019 
8.C.f, •91 
1119 
594105 
314194560 
111757 
CCiescensiXTM 
C.4 Remcros 
JOCKEY CLUB RELATIONSHIP 
Foundatort 
Ony Prme• 
535641
435622 
OevIng. Smoke 
DEERING/CROSBY RELATIONSHIP 
Om, Pam,
J32019 
B'0, e0.00 
so 
56301 
51671067 
MERINO. MMON CEERINGCROSELYREULTIONSHIP 
m
Ony Poor 
J.32019 
13'0, 0,691. 
sass! 
635619 
DE FROM/CROSBY RELATIONSHIP 
Ony Pope Lon 
Lon 
C erot crud . 
9/317,019.Jun 2019 
E6.66•94 
SUS 
11.731.791 
496075 J5C Stortre LLC 
SOUTHERN ROMNCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
1232/1014 Oroltre KYC 
Cet roe Nam! I 
6/30.2019 Jul 2019 
Gem. Depocas 
52.191 
$96.853 
442661 Cirynd 8 C.".  • 
DOIES EMILY RELATIONSHIP 
rd. 
1002014 Mole CYC Lon 
C ammo meted 
91302019 
• 
Lon 
C 
'CC na 
W307019 
Jun2019 
Awnm I wen 
U.S. AMTS Aa 
$494 
1Z814679 
474213 EIM Hossrel 
ESN. HOWARD RELATIONSHIP 
EMMA MCC 
A 
J.A2019 
lortntAde 
$271 
5199243 
472104 TX 
FICCMY CLUB RELATIONSHIP 
6c. 
3.092012 CHOW RTC Las 
C em 
Helm, I 1241/2019 Sep 2015 
G.06 040:443 
$291 
MAW 
For ntemal tem only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082900 
SDNY_GM_00229084 
EFTA01383217

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383218.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383218.pdf
----------------------------------------
Produced in Native Format 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082901 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229085 
EFTA01383218

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383219.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent 
To: 
Subject: 
Location: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As 
Stewart Otdfield 
12/19/2018 8:50:11 PM 
Laura Marcelin 
Epstein 
Andrew's office. Greg to call directly 
12/20/2018 8:30:00 AM 
12/20/2018 9:00:00 AM 
Tentative 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082902 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229086 
EFTA01383219

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383220.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: hbrkscanner@smail.com 
Date: Janus 3 2019 at 1:47:49 PM EST 
To: 
CS 3051ci 
[00:17:c8:25:f3:53] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082904 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229088 
EFTA01383220

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383221.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
1/5/2019 1:33:48 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
M10082289 Daily Deposit Report 20190105 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/04/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
35269691 JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,453,834.29 
35270625 NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
35271505 ALI RASHID 
.00 
35272014 RAHUL VAID 
.00 
40820206 THE JOCKEY CLUB 
936,001.94 
42811776 THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
768,782.39 
42909431 EQUIBASE COMPANY 
344,296.38 
42952771 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
915,216.85 
42953424 NEPTUNE, LLC 
193,386.01 
42953432 HYPERION AIR, LLC 
144,646.94 
42953467 PLAN D, LLC 
619,078.98 
42953475 )EGE, LLC 
104,801.52 
42953715 HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
493,601.67 
42953758 NES, LLC 
329,369.61 
42959295 LS)E, LLC 
224,734.55 
42959324 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
1,917,960.04 
42963550 BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
383,202.87 
42966807 ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
256,953.72 
42967703 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
42970443 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
42970451 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
42970478 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
42970486 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
42970494 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
42970507 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
42970646 KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
42970670 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
42970689 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
42970718 RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
42972203 KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
42972342 THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
42972449 ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
42972553 ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
44107301 AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
161,060.04 
44129244 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
969,651.88 
44130552 BUTTERFLY TRUST 
357,146.85 
44133251 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
314,876.16 
44139397 KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
77000949 THE HAZE TRUST 
2,727,941.67 
77000957 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
1,543,840.33 
77000965 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
103,704.36 
77000981 TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
7,435,467.34 
77001001 SSW 2007 LLC 
100,991.51 
77001028 KWF 2007 LLC 
1,866,313.15 
77001052 CRW 2007 LLC 
1,020,210.88 
77001060 GEW 2007 LLC 
1,020,458.73 
77001079 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
923,985.20 
77001087 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
651,902.57 
77001124 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
6,540,877.18 
77001220 CRW 2009 LLC 
2,082,807.07 
77001239 GEW 2009 LLC 
2,134,871.04 
77004659 THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
13,630,824.62 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/04/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
77004958 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
2,349,825.59 
77004974 CAMERON WANEK 
307,125.58 
77005002 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
153,512.31 
77005010 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
153,512.31 
77005037 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
153,512.31 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082905 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229089 
EFTA01383221

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383222.pdf
----------------------------------------
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
534,302.61 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
103,524.42 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
534,302.61 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
153,512.31 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
407,207.62 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
534,302.61 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
1,220,488.24 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
1,754,744.37 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
350,795.11 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
2,002,778.08 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
ssw 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
RM CODE 
01/04/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEM M 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082906 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229090 
EFTA01383222

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383223.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383223.pdf
----------------------------------------
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
100,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
100,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082907 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229091 
EFTA01383223

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383224.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
M10082289 Daily Deposit Report 20190124 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/23/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
3,121,949.56 
NCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
LI RASHID 
D 
.00 
HUL VAID 
D 
.00 
RA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
HE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,246,803.06 
HE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
112,109.35 
HE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
738,081.43 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
442,608.30 
INCOMPASS SOLUTIONS INC 
D 
228,041.37 
UTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
7,921,667.56 
EPTUNE, LLC 
D 
123,560.58 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
568,364.42 
ARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
135,036.83 
BRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
475,977.80 
ES, LLC 
D 
236,046.42 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
381,773.33 
RATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
2,232,836.20 
L000-HORSE LLC 
D 
483,837.12 
ORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
199,760.98 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
497,882.14 
HE HAZE TRUST 
D 
8,789,938.49 
TI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
TI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
HARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
HARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
TI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
HARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
HARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
TI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
EYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
HIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
DISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
201,137.63 
DISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
CIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
385,874.18 
OUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
1,583,022.75 
UTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
357,146.85 
RATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
.00 
EYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
M 
.00 
HE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
UTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
OUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
ODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
7,435,467.34 
SW 2007 LLC 
D 
2,634,292.89 
WF 2007 LLC 
D 
4,399,614.53 
RW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,020,210.88 
EW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,020,458.73 
HARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
923,985.20 
CODE 
82289 
01/23/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
• 
• 
• 
TI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
ANEK TRUST OF 2000 
RW 2009 LLC 
EW 2009 LLC 
HE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
3,185,203.95 
D 
6,540,877.18 
D 
2,082,807.07 
D 
2,134,871.04 
D 
13,630,824.62 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082908 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229092 
EFTA01383224

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383225.pdf
----------------------------------------
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
2,349,825.59 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
307,125.58 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
153,512.31 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
153,512.31 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
153,512.31 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
534,302.61 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
103,524.42 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
534,302.61 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
153,512.31 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
407,207.62 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
534,302.61 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
1,220,488.24 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
1,754,744.37 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
350,795.11 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
2,002,778.08 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
55W 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
M CODE 
82289 
01/23/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
100,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082909 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229093 
EFTA01383225

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383226.pdf
----------------------------------------
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
250,000.00 
100,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
100,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
100,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
MARA WAGNER 
C 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
C 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082910 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229094 
EFTA01383226

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383227.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
2/28/2019 8:22:29 AM 
To: 
CC: 
Martin Zeman [1== 
Clam Osullivan 
Subject: 
Re: JE accounts [CI 
Cool, so you guys are basically done. I know the accounts will technically stay open to receive divs etc. 
Thanks. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
> On Feb 28, 2019, at 8:20 AM, Liam Osullivan c 
> wrote: 
> • Classification: Confidential 
> • we are down to the main Southern Financial LLC account, 
. 
Most of the assets have left the 
account this morning. 
There is 224,000 shares of Apple an 
in cash left. 
There is an Interactive 
Brokers transfer that Rich submitted this week that we have not seen yet. 
• 
Original Message 
> From: Stewart oldfield 
> sent: Thursday, Februar 
2019 8:16 AM 
> To: Liam Osullivan 
> cc: Martin Zeman 
> Subject: 7E accounts 
> • Did they manage to clean up the last pieces here? Rich thought they would be done this week. I have a 
few straggler bank accounts, but they've made good progress there. Thanks 
> • Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
> Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
> Deutsche Bank wealth Management 
> 345 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10154 
> Email
> • Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082911 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229095 
EFTA01383227

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383228.pdf
----------------------------------------
Original Message 
From: Ariane Dwyer 
Sent: Wednesday, July 01, 2015 08:57 AM Pacific Standard Time 
To: Richard Kahn 
Cc: Valle Stepanian; Daniel Sabha; Darren lndyke 
Subject: Monthly TWTR Swap Reset [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Rich, 
Can you please confirm you agree with the details below of the monthly Twitter swap settlement? We will call Darren to 
verbally confirm wire transfer to DBAG London after receipt of your approval. 
DB Receives: 222,928.38 
Reset Date: 06/29/2015 
Value Date: 07/02/2015 
Interest: 2,928.38 
Equity: 220,000.00 
Note that the last reset date was 5/27/2015, and additional details are included on attachment. Password will follow in a 
separate email. 
Best, 
Ari 
Ariane Dwyer 
Analyst I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset 8, Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26 
New 
-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
an-inclv Perfarnt 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082914 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229098 
EFTA01383228

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383229.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Sent: 
3/18/2019 5:10:33 PM 
To: 
Bradley Gillin 
; Stewart Oldfield 
CC: 
Firdaus Madiar 
; Daphne Cales 
Subject: 
RE: Can you PLEASE help? II I 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi All, 
The following wire has been completed. 
Accounts will be closed tomorrow. Thank you. 
Kind regards, 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 
w York: NY, 10154 
Email: 
From: Bradley Gillin 
Sent: Monday, March 18, 2019 3:58 PM 
To: Nicole Perskawiec < 
; Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Brigid Macias < 
>; Firdaus Madiar < 
Subject: RE: Can you PLEASE help? II1 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Attached with callback, 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Fl 
New York. NY 10154 
I; Brigid Macias 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082917 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229101 
EFTA01383229

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383230.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383230.pdf
----------------------------------------
T I. 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Nicole Perskawiec 
Sent: Monday, March 18, 2019 3:54 PM 
To: Bradley Gillin < 
Cc: Brigid Macias < 
Subject: RE: Can you PLEASE help? [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Please see the attached. Thank you. 
Kind regards, 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue New York, NY, 10154 
Tel. + 
Fax. + 
From: Bradley Gillin 
Sent: Monday, March 
To: Nicole Perskawiec 
Cc: Brigid Macia 
Subject: RE: Can you PLEASE help? [I] 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Daphne Cales < 
>; Firdaus Madiar 
db.com>; Stewart Oldfield 
Daphne Cales 
it aus 
a iar 
Classification: For Internal use only 
I spoke to Leslie on her cell. Please send with stamp and I will sign as callback Thanks. 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Gillin 
Vice President 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082918 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229102 
EFTA01383230

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383231.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Nicole Perskawiec 
Sent: Monday, March 18, 2019 3:34 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Brigid Macias < 
>; Daphne Cales < 
; Bradley GRIM 
Subject: RE: Can you PLEASE help? [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Stewart, 
Lesley Groff is gone for the day. Will have to process the following tomorrow. 
Kind regards, 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue New York, NY. 10154 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Monday, March 18, 2019 3:09 PM 
To: Firdaus Madiar < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Cc: Nicole Perskawiec <nicole. erskawiec db.com>; Brigid Macias < 
Subject: RE: Can you PLEASE help? [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Signature matches. Please call her on 
>; Firdaus Madiar 
>; Daphne Cates 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082919 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229103 
EFTA01383231

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383232.pdf
----------------------------------------
on behalf of 
PWM BIS-Research 
Aeshveriya Paliwal 
From: 
Sent: 
3/19/2019 4:08:48 PM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
CC: 
PWMUS AMLKYC 
; PWM BIS-Research 
Subject: 
Portfolio Alert_ Ghislaine Maxwell III 
Attachments: grid_alert_DB12000P_17400841_11547720_20190315_054815.pdf 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hello 
Attached is look back alert for the party mentioned above. 
Thanks and Regards, 
BIS Research Team 
Tel. 
and 
(BCP) 
Email: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082922 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229106 
EFTA01383232

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383233.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383233.pdf
----------------------------------------
rdc 
DB12000P - Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
Batch Date: 
3/13/2019 
Monitored Since: 
06/16/2014 
Alert Date: 
Portfolio Alert 
3/15/2019 
Person Name: Ghislaine Maxwell 
Address: 
Gauntly United States 
Tracking ID: 
KYC 01133113 
Date of Birth: 
Reporting ID: 
Alerted Entity ft. 1 of 1 
Risk Priority: Investigative 
Alert ID: 
17400841.11547720.100120278 
Entity Information 
Entity ID: 
Riskid: 
Entity Name: 
Address: 
Recent Event(s): 
Event: 
Alert Notes 
100120278 
R136683509 
Ghislane Maxwell 
Manhattan, New York, UNITED STATES 
• TRF - People Trafficking, Organ Trafficking / SET - Settlement or Suit. 03/11/2019 
The suit against Ghislane Maxwell was filed byMi
lM3r supplying Epstein with 
underage women., 03/11/2019, New York Daily News, The (NY)
• TRF - People Trafficking, Organ Trafficking SET - Settlement or Suit, 03/11/2019 
The suit against Ghislane Maxwell was filed b
 for supplying Epstein with 
underage women., 03/11/2019, New York Daily News, The (NY) 
Notes: Ghislane Maxwell of Manhattan, New York, United States was associated with negative news according to 
New York Daily News. The (NY) (Cannot Rule Out) 
Source Information 
RDC URL: htles://grid.rdc.com/wss/entity.html7entityld=257b0d0bf4a2a2b7887529c24da2e8f8 
Source Name: RiskOonnect_Pm_Version, 03/14/2019 
Sources: New York Daily News. The (NY), MEDIA Article,Headline Records in Jeffrey Epstein sex trafficking case one 
step closer to being made public 
Consistent nth the terms and can:Monsof your RDC Subsenbef Agreement the inkerrahan curtained m thrs dccument Is for alert purposes only and rs not to be use, lc,  purposes of deterrnntrig an 
rodroduals abgbely lee any aedil of any other FCRA permeable porpceas User fuller agrees to told such maternal and informaten in strictest conlidence not to make use therml other than to authaved 
purpose• to relate a only to ereplores revering such oraterrralon. and not to release or disclose it to any other party The Alert Somata, contained in trio document nay at may not penal, to the indndual 
or entity referenced et your Exaairy. 
Page I of I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082923 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229107 
EFTA01383233

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383234.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Brigid Macias 
Sent: 
4/9/2019 5:01:59 PM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
FW: Karyna acc 
Attachments: DB_KAryna Shuliak and Jen joint acc to JPM Karyna Shuliak and close 
Importance: 
High 
Have you ever spoken with this client? I called the number on DB Force but it went straight to VM. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bait Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor SOL 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Bella Klein 
Sent: Monday, April 08, 2019 12:25 PM 
To: Brigid Macias < 
Cc: Richard Kahn < 
Subject: Fwd: Karyna acc 
Importance: High 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Brigid, 
Back in February Karyna requested to close her account. Please let me know if anything else is required. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bella Klein 
Subject: Re: Karyna acc 
Date: February 14, 2019 at 2:57:50 PM EST 
To: Brigid Macias <O> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082925 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229109 
EFTA01383234

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383235.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383235.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: Richard Kahn <INIMININSFINIIIEn>
Brigid, 
Please proceed with the attached wire and after completion please close account. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
On Feb 14, 2019, at 2:25 PM, Brigid Macias <Ma> 
wrote: 
Good Afternoon, 
The available balance in the above account is $13,370.68. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax +
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
----Original Message---
From: Bella Klein [mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, February 12, 20191:41 PM 
To: Brigid Macias lagi
m[M
it 
Cc: Richard Kahn <a> 
Subject: Karyna acc xxxx7258 
Brigid, 
Please let us know balance in the account 
and Karyna 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082926 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229110 
EFTA01383235

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383236.pdf
----------------------------------------
Shuliak. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If 
you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) 
please notify the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained 
in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082927 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229111 
EFTA01383236

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383237.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383237.pdf
----------------------------------------
And Karyna Shuliak 
MEMORANDUM 
To 
Brigid 
Liam 
From: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Value Date: 
February 14, 2019 
Debit Account # : 
************* 
******* ******************************* 
******* ************** 
Please wire Thirteen Thousand Three Hundred Seventy Dollars and 68/100 (13,370.68) 
from the above account to 
Bank Name JPM 
Routing Number: 
Account Number: 
Accont name: Karyna Shuliak 
Please close the above account after wire is completed. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082928 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229112 
EFTA01383237

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383238.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
Stewart Oldfield
4/15/2019 9:46: 
To: 
Mayur Rathod (ma llr'S 
I 
Subject: 
Automatic reply: 
Neptune LLC & Butterfly Trust - GCIS # 489505, 487264 & 486426, KYC # 
2075620 (I) 
Thank you for your email. I am currently traveling for work, returning Wednesday April 17th. I will have inconsistent 
email access during this time. 
For immediate assistance, please contact Brad Gillin 
or Natalie Barak 
). 
Thanks 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082929 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229113 
EFTA01383238

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383239.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383239.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Patrick Campion 
Sent: 
7/7/2019 6:06:49 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
FW: Jeffrey Epstein arrested for sex trafficking of minors in Florida and New York 
Hi Stew—I recall that all accounts are closed out. Please confirm back. Thanks 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackbeny.com) 
From: Fabrizio Campelli <
I=> 
Date: Sunday, Jul 07, 2019, 3:43 AM 
To: Patrick Campion < 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein arrested for sex trafficking of minors in Florida and New York 
Patrick, 
Can you please confirm that he is not a client now? 
Thx, 
F 
Jeffrey Epstein arrested for sex trafficking of minors in Florida and New York 
https://www.washingtonexaminer.cominews/jeffrey-epstein-arrested-for-sex-trafficking-of-minors-i n-florida-
and-new-york-report 
Sent from Flipboard 
Sent from my iPhone 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082930 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229114 
EFTA01383239

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383240.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewar
i
] 
Sent: 
7/10/2019 9:49:01 AM 
To: 
Patrick Campion 
BCC: 
Subject: 
Attachments: Gerber Notice of Dismissal.pdf 
Classification: Confidential 
FW: Epstein - negative media [CI 
Original lawsuit linked below. Subsequent dismissal (dated within weeks of the lawsuit) attached. 
Financial Trust Co appears to be a hedge fund that JE ran 
Lawsuit alleged that :PE and FTC received funds from a Ponzi scheme dating to the 1980s for which Steven Hoffenberg 
was convicted in 1997 
No mention of DB that I can see 
The lawsuit is a quick read with some interesting history (whether accurate or not) 
Will look to see if this was ever flagged in an old KYC. Given that he was never accused of anything at the time, all I can 
see here is that he ran a hedge fund that went out of business and pursued some enormous deals in the 1980s and 
1990s which is consistent with his role as a prominent financier of the time. 
Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 11:03 AM 
To: Kimberly Hart < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: Epstein - negative media 
Kim, 
This just surfaced in our latest KYC reviews. Let's discuss what info I need from the client and then next steps. Thanks 
http://www.classactionsreporter.com/sites/default/filethowers ponzi scheme complaint.pdf 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082931 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229115 
EFTA01383240

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383241.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383241.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
7/7/2015 10:27:30 AM 
To: 
Troy-D Williams 
Roddy Moore 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Stewart Oldfield 
Daniel Sabba 
Andrew Xu 
Subject: 
Southern Financial and Southern Trust ISDA/CSAs 
Attachments: Fully Executed SFLLC ISDA 10.29.2013.pdf; Fully Executed SIC ISDA 10.29.2013.pdf; STC SFLLC Haze FS Nov 2014.pdf 
Classification: For internal use only 
Troy/Roddy — we are following up on our conversations last week regarding Southern Financial and Southern Trust's 
existing ISDAs with Deutsche Bank. As mentioned, the CSAs currently have USD 40mm and USD 10mm "Tier I Ceiling 
Limit" respectively (ISDA/CSAs are attached). The client has requested that we increase Southern Financial LLC's Tier I 
Ceiling Limit to USD 100mm. 
On Thursday 7/2/15, Southern Financial sold EURUSD calls to offset the cost of purchasing EURUSD puts, which required 
that SFLLC post collateral. Per the STG FX desk, given the size of the sold calls (EUR 75mm notional), Southern Financial is 
using up a significant portion of its' current Tier 1 capacity per the CSA. Given the client has already indicated that he 
may wish to add to his positions, we would like to understand the process by which we can amend the CSA to grant the 
client additional capacity. 
Back in November 2014 (<1y), we received the attached updated financials from the client by which DB drafted a Global 
Master Repurchase Agreement (GMRA). If possible, can we leverage these financials to revise the client's existing ISDA 
and/or CSA? The financials indicate that between the two entities, the client has > $105mm of cash and cash 
equivalents. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Assistant Vice President I Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
All trade execution information contained herein is being provided as an accommodation at your request in advance of 
your receipt of the official trade confirmation(s). Additional trade detail information available upon request. The terms of 
the trade(s) may be subject to change prior to settlement, and therefore the official trade confirmation(s) and account 
statements issued by Deutsche Bank shall govern. Deutsche Bank is not responsible for any discrepancy between the 
informal execution report and the official trade confirmation(s) or account statements. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082932 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229116 
EFTA01383241

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383242.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383242.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Google Alerts 
Sent: 
7/10/2019 2:00:38 PM 
To. 
Subject: 
oog cAlert - con 
ac 
leon black 
Leon Black kept Jeffrey Epstein as charity director after plea deal 
New Yolk Post 
Leon Black — a billionaire buyout king who last year was named chairman of New York's Museum of Modern Art — had 
retained Epstein as the sole ... 
Jeffrey Epstein was the sole director of private-equity guru Leon Black's family foundation for 
more ... 
Business Insider 
Jeffrey Epstein was the sole director of private-equity guru Leon Black's family foundation for more than a decade. Epstein 
stayed on even after ... 
[It 
ri p 
Za, 
Gthr:: 
I was a friend of Jeffrey Epstein, here's what I know 
Salon 
... own fault," explained one socialite, who along with Wilbur Ross and Leon Black hobnobbed with Epstein at a Southampton 
movie screening just two ... 
DealBook Briefing: Huawei Gets Its Breather, Sort Of 
The New York Times 
Mr. Epstein was the sole director for the family foundation of Leon Black. the private equity billionaire, Business Insider 
reports. • The journalist Vicky . . 
PE HUB First Read 
PE Hub (Won) 
Jeffrey Epstein was the sole director of Leon Black's family foundation for more than a decade. "Friends" has landed at HBO 
Max. Apple is killing the 
p 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082935 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229119 
EFTA01383242

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383243.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383243.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
BCC: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Stewart Oldfield 
7/16/2019 5:12:20 PM 
Kimberly Hart 
Daphne Cales 
FW: Account Values 2O19 fSCJ 
Epstein Accounts 2019 Values.xls; Southern Financial Lit • Statements 161.pdf; Jeffrey Epstein • Statements.pdf; 
Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation - Statements.pdf; The Haze Trust - Statements.pdf; Jeepers Inc. - Statements.pdf; 
Southern Trust Company Inc. Statements.pdf; Southern Financial LLC Statements.pdf 
Classification: Strictly Confidential 
From: Liam Osullivan 
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 5:06 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Account Values 2019 [CJ 
Classification: Confidential 
Kind regards. 
Liam O'Sullivan 
Liam O'Sullivan 
Investments & Trading Institutional Wealth Partners 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Wall Street. New York. NY 10005, USA 
Tel. -
Mobile -
Email limn Oildilvairadb.com 
Visit us: tutu deutschewealth.com 
#Positivelm pact 
IWP products and services are intended for and available only to sophisticated, experienced investors who qualify as Institutional accounts' 
under FINRA Rule 4512(c)(3), and we capable of evaluating the investment benefits and risks of, and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating and determining whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies and financial transactions. Transactions are subject to 
relevant internal approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to execution, and no transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be 
executed unless you are a client of Deutsche Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group (IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products, investment ideas and solutions is for discussion purposes only. While brokerage services offered 
through the IWP Americas desk may include investment recommendations and brokerage advice. IWP does not provide investment 
management or investment advisory services, and private market opportunities and other products and services available through IWP we 
offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you, solely for your information and for discussion purposes only, and does not create any 
legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any material herein without our written consent is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082938 
SDNY_GM_00229122 
EFTA01383243

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383244.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383244.pdf
----------------------------------------
Produced in Native Format 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082939 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229123 
EFTA01383244

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383245.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383245.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1 7 76, Baltimore, MD 21203 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
D•ul 3:03 tank Immo VeNOIN Maanornt31 
ubMI, (worn* (mown 
Devlicte Rank 13-3epee$113. 
New I(°. Office 
HS Pea Annum. nth Hoot 
New Wtt. NY 10114 
loll frn /666111501 
(irnc 310 I145 51131 
February 1, 2019 - February 28,2019 
Account Number: 
to oat a Gark.e 
ThisPeded 
Yea4o-Date
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
316,717,068.21 
315,847,035.20 
Mit 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
-146,105.64 
-146,105.64 
Net Mounties In/Out of Account 
 -1704?500.00  
•17 042 oop.00 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
471,037.43 
-1,341,070.44 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
73,037.43 
73,070.44 
Net Change in Portfolio' 
398,000.00 
1,268,000.00 
Estimated Annual Income 
370.44 
'Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
The Bank Deposits in your account are FDIC insured bank deposits. 
FDIC insured bank deposits are not securities and are not covered by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). These bank deposits are covered by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC), up to allowable limits. 
Asset Summary 
Percent 
Asset Type 
Prior Yea•Fad 
Lid Pedod 
ThisPerled 
0% 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
035 20 
73.066.21 
0.00 
0%  
Equities 
15,774,000.00  
16.644.000.00  
0.00 
0% 
Account Total 
$15.847,035.20 
316,717,068.21 
$0.00 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist, 
1; C:1":1
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MX 3400T 3.1141131/1i 
Page 1 of 
Rated Utellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDKE 
Clucks through Pentabos UM. • wholly *ad 
subskrun of The Bak 0046w York Make 
Comoration (INY Melba) 
Perifira LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082940 
SDNY_GM_00229124 
EFTA01383245

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383246.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383246.pdf
----------------------------------------
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced' negative interest rates' . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 1399 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
Dale 
 Adlelly Type 
Sweep FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM 
Activity Ending: 02/28/19 
Description  
Amount 
Use 
02101119 
Opening Balance 
73,068.21 
73,068.21 
02115/19 
Withdrawal 
WITHDRAWAL 
-100.14 
72,968.07 
02115/19 
Deposit 
INTEREST CREDITED 
31.43 
73,005.50 
APY 0.55% 
02119/19 
Withdrawal 
WITHDRAWAL 
-73,005.50 
0.00 
02/20/19 
Closing Balance 
50.00 
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
$0.00 
The FDIC Insured Bank Deposits are not securities and are not covered by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). The Bank Deposits at each bank are insured by the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250,000 for each category of legal ownership including individual retirement accounts and certain other self directed retirement 
accounts. Please review this in connection with other deposits you may have at each respective bank. 
ncome and Expense Summary 
Current Period 
Taxable 
Non Taxable 
Yes-to-Ode 
%Me 
Non Taxable 
Dividend Income 
Equities 
73.000.00 
0.00 
13,000.00 
0.00 
Interest Income 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
37.43 
0.00 
70.44 
0.00 
Total Dividends, Interest, Income and Expenses 
873,037.43 
$0.00 
$73,070.44 
50.00 
Page 2 of 8 
Account Number: 
A: C 10!
"14:6 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paper less 
smont4IllNOW 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly owed 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yore Milker 
Comeration OM Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-008294 1 
SDNY_GM_00229125 
EFTA01383246

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383247.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 212O3 
Portfolio Holdings 
February 1, 2019 - February 28,2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Desaiction 
OurellNy 
Opening 
Balance 
Dosing 
Balance 
Accrued 
Income 
Income 
This Year 
30.Ciar 
Yield 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS 0.00% of Portfolio 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
INSURED DEP0STS PROGRAM 
068 21 
0.00 
000 
10.44 
N/A 
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits  
$73,068.21 
$0.00  
$0.00 
 $70.44 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS 
573.068 21 
$0 00 
$0.00 
$70.44 
Total Portfolio Holdings 
Markel tit 
50.00 
Acaued 
Estimated 
Interest 
Annual Income 
$0 00 
$70 44 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions. at the close of the statement period The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for which a price is not available are marked "Ni A" and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PMCEDATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THEPRICEDATEDOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (EAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable: however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political. and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.coml disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 196, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Page 3 of 8 
Account Number:NIG-026181 
newsmen 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MX MOUE t.C.IlVtitY 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDICE 
Marrs through Penabos UM. a wholly owed 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Make 
Comeration OM Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-OO82942 
SDNY_GM_OO229126 
EFTA01383247

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383248.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383248.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures (continued) 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Messages 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)-Insured Bank Deposits are not protected by Securities Investor Protection Corporation(SIPC). 
For disclosure of rates for DWSmoney market funds, pleasevisit the DWSInvestmentswebsite at https/ /www,dws-investments.com/ EN) products! money-market-funds-yieldsjsp 
Please note that all money market funds listed on the website may not be offered through us. 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at 51 per share. it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10b-10(b)(1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Activity Summary IA.) 
are•n baMt.t-re,...y) 
Securities 
Credits This Period 
Debits This Period 
Net This Period 
Credits Year-to•Date 
Debits Yen-to-Dale 
Net Year•to•Date 
Securities Withdrawn 
0.00 
-17.042.000.00 
-17.042.000.00 
00 
-17.042.000.00 
-17.042.000.00 
Total Securities 
$0.00 
417,042,000 00 
417,042,000.00 
$0 00 
417,042,000.00 
417,042,000.00 
Dividends and Interest 
$73,037.43 
$0.00 
$73,037.43 
$73,07044 
$0.00 
$73,070.44 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
-146,105.64 
-146.105.64 
00 
-146,105.64 
-146.105.64 
Total Cash 
$0.00 
4146,105 64 
4146,105.64 
$0.00 
4146,105.64 
4146,105.64 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
$73,105.64 
437.43 
$73.068.21 
$73,105.64 
470.44 
$73,035.20 
Totals 
$146.143.07 
417.188.143 07 
417.042.000.00 
$146.176.08 
417.188.176 08 
417.042.000.00 
Page 4 of 3 
Account Number: WIG-026161 
rscurs.,wrocc 
Go papetiess 
MX MOUT t.011ivtorr 4 
RAW totellent 
Every Yes Since 2007 
OALOAR RATIO COMMUNICATOM 
ECM DICE 
Clutits Ovaugh Prams tIC.• wbdly svmol 
sublidiary of The an  al New York Mellon 
Corporation (SNY Mellon) 
Perstnt LLC. inesnber fIURA NY S. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082943 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229127 
EFTA01383248

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383249.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Transac€ions by Type of Activity 
Proms' 
Trade, 
Settlement Transaction 
Dale 
Date 
Activity Type 
Securities Withdrawals and Deposits 
02115/19 
CUSTOMER AUTHORIZED 
APPLE INC COM TRANS TO N46-023804 
-100.000.000 
-17.042,000.00 
USD 
TRANSFER 
AAPL 
Total Securities Withdrawals and Deposits - U S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
-17.042,00000 
Dividends and Interest 
02114/19 
CASH DIVIDEND RECEIVED 
90000 SHRSAPPLE INC COM RD 02111PCO211419 
73,000.00 
USD 
AAPL 
02/19/19 02715/19 FDIC INSURED BANK 
INSURED DEPOSITS INTEREST CREDITED 
37.43 
USD 
DEPOSITS INTEREST 
RECEIVED 
PER980411 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
73,037 43 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
02115/19 
CUSTOM ER AUTHORIZED 
TRANS TO N4G-02380 4 
-73,100.14 
USD 
TRANSFER 
USC999997 
02119/19 
CUSTOMER AUTHORIZED 
TRANS TO N4G-023804 
-73,005.50 
USD 
TRANSFER 
US0999997 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
-146.10564 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
02715/19 
FDIC INSURED BANK 
INSURED DEPOSTS PROGRAM 
100.14 
USD 
WITHDRAWAL 
USD999997 
02/19/19 
02/15/19 FDIC INSURED BANK 
INSURED DEPOSTS INTEREST RBNVESTED 
-37.43 
USD 
DEPOSITS INTEREST 
REINVESTED 
PER980411 
02719/19 
FDIC INSURED BANK 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM FULL PRINCIPAL REDEEMED 
73,005.50 
USD 
WITHDRAWAL 
US0999997 
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits - U S DOLLARS 
February 1, 2019 - February 28,2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW 
Description 
Quantity 
Price 
Awued nlerest 
Amount Currency 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
0.00 
73,068.21 
Account Number: 
t:0241!MCCG 
Go papetiess 
MX MOW t.Oluvtorr 4 
Rated btellere 
Every Yew Since 2007 
OALOAR RATIO COMMUNICATOM 
EXCELLENCE 
Page 5 of S 
ChnCIPachl, tnitins tiC,• wholly *yawl 
sublidin el The Banat of New York Mellon 
Coryotation 
MAW 
Posiwg U.C. member 'Nan NY≤L Si 
DB-SDNY-0082944 
SDNY_GM_00229128 
EFTA01383249

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383250.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383250.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Process 
Trade,
Settkment 
Transaction 
Dale 
Dote 
Activity Type 
Natation 
Quality 
Price 
Amid interest 
Amount Curing 
Total Value of Transactions 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded. 
Your Investment Specked Val 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 10154 
0.00 
-17,042,000.00 USD 
Contact Information 
Telephone Number: 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount in income annually:  
No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
O 
Statements and Reports 
O 
Trade Conlirmatsons 
O 
Tax Documents 
• 
Notifications 
O 
Prospectus 
• 
Proxy/Shareholder Communications 
You have not enrolled any of the above documents for electronic delivery. Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences. 
Account Number: 
•;c2rmmeo 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 6 of 8 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDKE 
(:b,•s through Penabos UM. • wholly owed 
subsidurey of The BIS al Ni. Yort Mellon 
Comeration (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082945 
SDNY_GM_00229129 
EFTA01383250

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383251.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
PO Bex 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
February 1.2019 - February 28.2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.coml about! strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, Including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time lim its for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
Page 7 of 
Account Number:NIG-026161 
newsmen 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go pwr1ess 
way, MINIM' 4 
Rar•d Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Reach Penabos UM. • wholly road 
subtle:run of The BIS al New Yort Medan 
Comeration OM MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082946 
SDNY_GM_00229130 
EFTA01383251

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383252.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383252.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important Information and Disclosures (continued) 
Important Arbitration Agreement (continued) 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department. One Pershing Raze Jersey City. New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. 
Page °. of S 
Account Number:NIG-026161 
nc2asmces 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MX MOUT I.pNWy 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. R wholly awed 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Make 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082947 
SDNY_GM_00229131 
EFTA01383252

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383253.pdf
----------------------------------------
151 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1 7 76, Baltimore, MD 21203 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
D!„IY.M lank !Y4MWent Maanert4,41 
Cann$* (nap 
Devii0,4 Bank Sectei44$lac 
New Yak CII1/4 4 
HS Pitt Annum, 26th Ileet 
Net We 
Toll free 
Wen. 
January 1,2019 - January 31, 2019 
Account Number: 
 ThisPetiod  
 Yea4o-Date
Your Investment Specialist: 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT  Kays 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
$15,847,035.20 
15,847,035.20 
$.15,847.035.20 
15,847,035.20 
Dividends, Interest and 0lher Income 
33.01 
33.01 
Net Change in Portfolio' 
870,000.00 
870,000.00 
.. INO.AM_NITIVJAWEI 
efeattilli 
Estimated Annual Income 
$292,03311 
'Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
The Bank Deposits in your account are FDIC insured bank deposits. 
FDIC insured bank deposits are not securities and are not covered by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). These bank deposits are covered by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC), up to allowable limits. 
Asset Summery 
Percent 
Asset Type 
Prior Year-End 
Last Period 
This Period 
1% 
Cash. Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
73.035.20 
73.035 20 
73.068.21 
99%  
Equities 
 15,774,000.00 
15.774.000.00  
644.000.00
100% 
Account Total 
$15,847,035.20 
$15.847,035.20 
$16.717.068.21 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
Go paperless 
AIX 04OUT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page of 7 
Rated Extolled 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELIDICE 
Marts through Pentabos UM. • wholly nand 
subsifun of The Bakal Ni. Vott Wk. 
Corporation (INY Mellea) 
PtiSfira LLC. member AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082948 
SDNY_GM_00229132 
EFTA01383253

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383254.pdf
----------------------------------------
Summary cg Gans and Losses 
Realized 
This Period 
Yeat4o•Date
Unrealized 
Long-Term Gain/ Loss 
0.90 
0.00 
437,416 00 
Net Gain! Loss 
0.00 
0.00 
437.416 00 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis information is not available. 
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced negative interest rates' . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency The interest will be reported on your Forms 13 99 and/ or 1042 S These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements. begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
Date 
Activity Type
Sweep FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
INSURED 0 EPOSITS PROGRAM 
Activity Ending 01/ 31119 
Desaiplion  
Amount 
Balance
01/01/19 
Opening Balance 
73,035 20 
73,035 20 
01115/19 
Deposit 
INTEREST CREDITED 
33.01 
73.068 21 
APY 0.55% 
01116/19 
Deutsche Bank Trst Co 
73.068 21 
A! 0 01/ 16 $730 68 21  
01/31119 
Closing Balance 
873,068.21 
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
$73.068.21 
The FDIC Insured Bank Deposits are not securities and are not covered by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). The Bank Deposits at each bank are insured by the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to 6250.0 0 0 for each category of legal ownership including individual retirement accounts and certain other self directed retirement 
accounts. Please review this in connection with other deposits you may have at each respective bank. 
Income and Expense Summary 
Want Period 
Year•to•DNe 
Taxable 
Non Taxable 
Taxable 
Non Taxable 
Interest Income 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
33.01 
0.00 
33.01  
00 
Total Dividends, Interest, Income and Expenses 
833.01 
50.00 
633.01 
00 
Page 'L. of 
Aocourd Number NU 
meowca!:::: 
Go rapt ass 
MX Moot l.Illuvtire 4 
Med tmellent 
Every Yew Since 2007 
OALOAR RA MO COMMUNICATIONS 
EXCILLENCE 
Marrs Ilnewth Penh...* LLC. a wholly nand 
subsilmni of The awe of New Yee* Mellon 
Comoratloo (MY Mellon) 
PCI Oat LLC. mental' LIILRA NYC; L 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082949 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229133 
EFTA01383254

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383255.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383255.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW 
Account 
Activity 
Cawing Die 
Quantity 
Number 
Ending 
Opening 
Barn 
Clomp 
Baena 
Acaued 
Income 
1110)010 
Ibis We 
30-Day 
VIted 
Current 
Meld 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 1.00% of Portfolio 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
INSURED DEP0SITSPR0GRALI 
01101/19 
73,068.210 
WA 
01131119 
73,035.20 
13,068.21 
17.62 
33.01 
WA 
N/A 
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
$73,035.20 
$73,088.21 
$17.62 
533.01 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
$73,035.20 
$73,088.21 
$17.62 
533.01 
Date Acquired 
Quantity 
UnIt Cog 
Cost Beds 
EQUITIES 99 0 0% of Portfolio 
  Market  Ftice 
Market Value 
Unrealized 
Win loss 
Estimated Estimated 
Annual Income 
Yield 
Common Stocks 
APPLE INC C0M 
Dividend 0pliortCash 
12107/17 
Total Common Stocks 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
100,000.000 
169.8140 
Total Portfolio Holdings 
16,981116.00 
$18,981,416.00 
$16,981,416 00 
SeculityldentifierAAPL 
CUSP:03783360 
166.4400 
  Cost Bass 
$17,054.484.21 
16,644,000.00 
$16,844,000.00 
$16.644.000.00 
Market Value 
$16,717.068.21 
.337.416 00 
-3337.416.00 
-3337.416 00 
Unrealized 
Gain,Loss
Interest 
Aeaued 
-3337.416.00 
$0 00 
292,000 00 
115% 
1292 000 00 
$292 000 00 
Estimated 
Annual Income 
$292.033 01 
Generally securities acquired before 2011. in retirement accounts or held by Non-U S entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 20 0 8, and are marked as " noncovered" Securities marked as "covered', were identified as securities potentially 
subject to the cost basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRS on form 1099-B for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 10998, the cost 
basis will not be reported to the IRS. 
Portfolio Hoi dings Disciosures 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
Page 3 of 7 
Account Number: N4G-026161 
11:00SYCEESD:2: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
A3 MOUT t.1:41IVtitY 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
Marrs Meech Sag LW. • whelly awed 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. York Make 
Comeration OM Mellen) 
PCISrat U.C. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082950 
SDNY_GM_00229134 
EFTA01383255

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383256.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383256.pdf
----------------------------------------
spo! t to io —o dings C:us, osures (continued) 
Pricing (continued) 
from the actual sale price. Securities for which a price is not available are marked "Ni A* and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PRICE DATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THE PRICE DATE DOES NOT EQUAL THE STATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Option Disclosure 
Information with respect to commissions and other charges incurred in connection with the execution of option transactions has been included in confirmations previously furnished 
to you. A summary of this information is available to you promptly upon your written request directed to your introducing firm. In order to assist your introducing firm in maintaining 
current background and financial information concerning your option accounts, please promptly advise them in writing of any material change in your investment objectives or 
financial situation. Expiring options which are valuable are exercised automatically pursuant to the exercise by exception procedure of the Options Clearing Corporation. Additional 
information regarding this procedure is available upon written request to your introducing firm. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 1%, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Ern 
Important Reminder for Pershing's 2018 IRSForm 1099 (B, DIV, INT, M ISC and OlD): As a reminder, by February 15,2019, you will be mailed either your Form 1099 or a special 
Pending 1099 Notice. The Pending 1099 Notice will be sent if we have not received and processed final information from issuers and trustees of securities you hold by the as of date of 
the February 15 1099 mailing. You will also be sent the notice if your information is still being reviewed and finalized. The notice will inform you of the securities that are pending final 
reporting and provides the anticipated mail date of your 1399. Your 1099 will be mailed no later than M arch 15, 2019. 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)-Insured Bank Deposits are not protected by Securities Investor Protection Corpo ration( SIPC). 
Page 4 of 
Account Number: N 
11:00SS.X9SD:2: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
SNOUT 401INNY 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MI SR through Penabos UM. • wholly need 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mellon 
Comeration (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082951 
SDNY_GM_00229135 
EFTA01383256

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383257.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383257.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Messag..s (continued) 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW 
For disclosure of rates for DW S money market funds, please visit the DW S Investments website at https/ / www.dws-investments.com/ tai! products/ money-market-funds-yields.jsp 
Please note that all money market funds listed on the website may not be offered through us. 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10 b-10(b)( 1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
A Ct iv.ty Summary 
a. 
Q•:',“•: I 
: 
Dividends and Interest 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
Credits This Period 
Debits This Period 
Net this Peed 
Galls Yeato-Date 
Debits Yeas-to-Date 
Net Yea-lo-Dale 
$33.01 
$0.00 
533.01 
$33.01 
$0 00 
$33.01 
$0.00 
433.01 
433.01 
$0.00 
-$33.01 
433.01 
Totals 
ansact ons by T ype 
cl vity 
Proceed 
Statement 
Date 
$33.01 
433.01 
$0.00 
$33 01 
433 01 
$0.00 
Activity Type 
Deatiption 
Quality 
Price 
Mated Minn 
Amount *rum 
Dividends and Interest 
01/15/19 
FDIC INSURED SANK 
DEPOSITS INTEREST 
RECEIVED 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
01/15/19 
FDIC INSURED BANK 
DEPOSITS INTEREST 
REINVESTED 
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits - U S DOLLARS 
INSURED DEPOSITS INTEREST CREDITED 
INSURED DEPOSITS INTEREST REINVESTED 
Total Value of Transact ions 
The price and quanttty displayed may have been rounded 
Amount N m 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
AIX MOUT t.IMIPAIff 
33.01 
USD 
0.00 
33.01 
43.01 USD 
00 
-33.01 
00 
0.00 
USD 
Page of 7 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
0/0BAR RATIO COMPAVNICAllONS 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Meech Penabos UM. • wholly awed 
subsicurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Melee 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PtiShra LLC. mutt( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082952 
SDNY_GM_00229136 
EFTA01383257

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383258.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383258.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tow Investment !pedant: ZEN 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 13t54 
Gated Information 
Telephone Number: 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount in income annually: 
No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
O 
Statements and boons 
O 
Trade Confirmations 
O 
Tax Documents 
• 
NotikatNns 
O 
Prospectus 
• 
Proxy/Shareholder Communications 
You have not enrolled any of the above documents for electronic delivery Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences 
imp rtant nfonnat•Dn a id Disci saes 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
Account Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 6 of 7 
Go paper less 
way, talNgitY 4 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. a wholly road 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Melba 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082953 
SDNY_GM_002291 37 
EFTA01383258

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383259.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383259.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Important Information and Disclosures (continued) 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
The Role of Pershing (continued) 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.com/ about! strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement. to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; 
Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify en arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case. a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class w ho has not opted out of the class w ith respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399: 
Go paperless 
ASX &IOW t.DItivtorr 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Rated Eitellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELLENCE 
Page 7 of 7 
Mitts R•e•gh Pots UM • wholly awed 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Make 
Comer/Mon (INY Mellen) 
PCISrat U.C. member AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082954 
SDNY_GM_00229138 
EFTA01383259

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383260.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383260.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1 7 76, Baltimore, MD 21203 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
D.ull I.:Of Oink IhOolo 
Maanclotal 
I/oink CO/nolo CsOun 
Devlolo ROM Sectopeo$ IiC 
New %{,h coicr 
I45 Pelt Annum, lolls Flow 
Sew 
loll If 
WHIM 
December 1, 20182018 
Account Number 
oat a G:ance 
ThIsPeriod  
 Yea4o-DMe
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
817,931,001.10 
818,958,877.74 
Net Cash Deposits and W dhdrawals 
0.00  
_243072.07 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
17,931,001.10 
16,713,805.67 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
34.10 
282.229.53 
Net Chan e in Portfolio' 
-2,081,000.00 
-1,119.000.00 
Estimated Annual Income 
8292,229.53 
Lab 
Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
The Bank Deposits in your account are FDIC insured bank deposits. 
FDIC insured bank deposits are not securities and are not covered by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). These bank deposits are covered by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC), up to allowable limits. 
Asset Summary 
Paced 
Asset Type 
Prior Yeatine 
led Period 
This Period 
1% 
Cash, Money Funds. and Bank Deposits 
33,877.74 
73,001.10 
73,035.20 
99%  
Equities 
16,923,000.00  
17,858,000.00
15,774,000.00 
100% 
Account Total 
816,956,877.74 
817,931,001.10 
$15,847,035.20 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
V. CV:CP"' 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
mx0..t0u7 t.cetearr 
Page of 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
0708AR RATIO COMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELIDKE 
Marrs Weeugh PenbrIes UM. • wholly evnita 
subsifurey of The BIS al Ni. Yort Man 
Comeration (INY Mellen) 
PCIS/ora LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082955 
SDNY_GM_00229139 
EFTA01383260

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383261.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383261.pdf
----------------------------------------
Summary cg Gans and Losses 
Realized 
This Period 
Yeat4o•Date
Unrealized 
Long-Term Gain/ Loss 
0.90 
0.00 
4_,207A16 00 
Net Gain! Loss 
0.00 
0.00 
-1.207.416.00 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis information is not available. 
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced' negative interest rates' . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency The interest will be reported on your Forms 10 99 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may. in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements. begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
Date 
Activity Type 
Sweep FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
INSURED 0 EPOSITS PROGRAM 
Activity Ending t21 311 18 
Description 
Amount 
Balance 
12101/18 
Opening Balance 
73,001.10 
73.001 10 
12/14/18 
Deposit 
INTEREST CREDITED 
31.10 
73.035.20 
APY 0.55% 
12117/18 
Citibank N.A. 
73.035.20 
A! 012! 17 573035 20 
12/31/16 
 Closing Balance 
573.035.20
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
$73.035.20 
The FDIC Insured Bank Deposits are not securities and are not covered by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) The Bank Deposits at each bank are insured by the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to 5250 ,(1 0 0 for each category of legal ownership including individual retirement accounts and certain other self directed retirement 
accounts. Please review this in connection with other deposits you may have at each respective bank. 
Income and Expense Summary 
Dividend Income 
Current Pedal 
Taxable 
Non Taxable 
Yealito•Date 
Taxable 
Non Taxable
Equities 
00 
0.00 
282.000.00 
0.00 
Interest Income 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
34.10 
0.00 
229.53 
0.00 
Total Dividends, Interest. Income and Expenses 
534 10 
50.00 
5282 229 53 
50.00 
Page 2 of 9 
Account Number NU 
Go papetiess 
ALt Ascot t.DItivtorr 4 
Rated btellere 
Every Yew Since 2007 
OALOAR RATIO COMMUNICATOM 
EXCELLENCE 
CleanIS ihr•Ch Pinions tiC,• wholly meld 
sublidin  
Mn.. Baal of New York Mellon 
Coryotation (MY Mellon) 
Posiwg LLC. member 'Nan M1YL 5!Pf,: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082956 
SDNY_GM_00229140 
EFTA01383261

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383262.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings 
December 1, 2018 - December 31,2018 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Account 
ANNIty 
Cymru Date 
Quantity 
Number 
Ending 
Opening 
Urn 
Dosing 
Balance 
Accrued 
Income 
Income 
lbloYoar 
30-Day 
Yield 
Current 
Yield 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 1.00% of Portfolio 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
INSURED DEPOSITSPROGRAll 
12101/18 
73,034200 
WA 
12131118 
73,001.10  
 73,035.20 
17.61 
  229.53 
WA 
N/A 
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
$73,001.10 
573,035.20 
$17.61 
$229.53 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
$73,001.10 
$73,035.20 
$17.61 
$229.53 
Dale Acquired 
Quantity 
EQUITIES 99.00% of Portfolio 
Common Stocks 
APPLE INC 001I 
Dividend Oplion:Cash 
12107/17 
100,000000 
169.8140 
16,981,416.00 
157.7400 
15,774,000.00  
  -1,207,416.00  
292.000 00 
1.85% 
Total Common Stocks 
516,981,416.00 
515,774,000.00 
41,207,416.00 
1292 000 00 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
$16,981,416.00 
515,774,000.00 
41,207,416.00 
1292 000 00 
Unit Cog 
Cost Bads 
Market Price 
Security Identtier:AAPL 
CUSP:037833190 
Market Value 
Unrealized 
Estimaled Estimated 
Gain Loss 
Annual Income 
Yield 
TOTAL PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS 
  Cod Bath 
517.054.451 20 
Markel Value 
$15.847.03820 
Unrealized 
Gain Lou 
41.207.416.00 
Accrued 
Interest 
50.00 
5292.229.53 
Estimated 
Annual Income 
Generally. securities acquired before 2011, in retirement accounts or held by Non-U S entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986. as amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 20 0 8. and are marked as " noncoverer. Securities marked as "coverer. were identified as securities potentially 
subject to the cost basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRS on form 1099-B for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 10998, the cost 
basis will not be reported to the IRS. 
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, et the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
Page 3 of 9 
Account Number: N 
k: cosmos 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MX a40,.0t.C4IIVItf 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDKE 
MISR through Penabos UM. a wholly road 
sbtle:run of The as
 Ni. Yore Mellon 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PtiShra LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082957 
SDNY_GM_00229141 
EFTA01383262

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383263.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383263.pdf
----------------------------------------
spo! t to io —o dings C:us, osures (continued) 
Pricing (continued) 
from the actual sale price. Securities for which a price is not available are marked "Ni A* and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PRICE DATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THE PRICE DATE DOES NOT EQUAL THE STATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Option Disclosure 
Information with respect to commissions and other charges incurred in connection with the execution of option transactions has been included in confirmations previously furnished 
to you. A summary of this information is available to you promptly upon your written request directed to your introducing firm. In order to assist your introducing firm in maintaining 
current background and financial information concerning your option accounts, please promptly advise them in writing of any material change in your investment objectives or 
financial situation. Expiring options which are valuable are exercised automatically pursuant to the exercise by exception procedure of the Options Clearing Corporation. Additional 
information regarding this procedure is available upon written request to your introducing firm. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 1%, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Please note the following information for Pershing's 2013 IRS Form 1099 (B, DIV, INT, M ISC and OID): Your Form 1099 will be delivered as early as possible, beginning January 31, 
2019. By February 15, you will be mailed either your Form 1399 or a special Pending 1099 Notice. The Pending 1399 Notice will be sent if we have not received and processed final 
information from issuers and trustees of securities that you hold by the as of date of the February 15 1099 mailing. You will also be sent the notice if your information is still being 
reviewed and finalized. The notice will inform you of the securities that are pending final reporting and provides the anticipated mail date of your 1399. Your 1399 will be mailed no 
later than M arch 15, 2019. 
Page 4 of 9 
Account Number:NIG-026161 
nocssw3ne 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paper less 
SNOUT 401INNY 4 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Reach Penabos UM. R wholly road 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yert Melba 
Comeration (WY Melon) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082958 
SDNY_GM_00229142 
EFTA01383263

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383264.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
essages {continued) 
December 1, 2018 - December 31,2018 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at 51 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10b-10(b)(1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)-Insured Bank Deposits are not protected by Securities Investor Protection Corporation(SIPC). 
For disclosure of rates for DW S money market funds, please visit the DW S Investments website at httpsi I www.dws-investments.com/ EN/ products/ money-market-funds-yields.jsp 
Please note that all money market funds listed on the website may not be offered through us. 
SWIintarl 
J. 
Credits Tris Pelted 
Debits ThisPerled 
Net ThisPerlod  
Qedils Year-to-Otte  
DebileYear4o-Otte 
Net Yea-to-Dile 
Dividends and Interest 
$34 10 
$000 
$34.10 
$282.229.53 
$0.00 
$282,229.53 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
00 
00 
0.00 
0.00 
-243,072.07 
-243,072.07 
Total Cash 
$0 00 
$0 00 
SO 00 
$0.00 
4243,072.07 
4243,072.07 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
SO 00 
434.10 
434 10 
$243.025.18 
4282,182.64 
-$39,157.46 
Totals 
$34 10 
434.10 
$0 00 
$525,254.71 
4525,254.71 
$0.00 
Transact ions by Type o 
•ity 
Process/ 
Trade 
Seitkment Transaction 
Doh 
Dete 
Activity Type 
Dividends and Interest 
12111/18 
12114118 FDIC INSURED BANK 
DEPOSITS INTEREST 
RECEIVED 
PER980411 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
Detaiption 
INSURED DEPOSITS INTEREST CREDITED 
Quantity 
Price 
Accrued interest 
Amount Currency 
34.10 
USD 
0.00 
34.10 
Page 5 of 9 
Account Number:NIG-026181 
e:ccssmnre 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MX MOUT t.1:411V 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDICE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly *ad 
sbtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yert Make 
Comeration (BNY Melon) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082959 
SDNY_GM_00229143 
EFTA01383264

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383265.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Process 
Trade,
Settkment 
Transaction 
Dale 
Date 
Adiyity Type 
Desctiption 
Quality 
Pike 
Accrued interest 
Amount Wimp 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
12/17/IS 
12114118 FDICINSURED BANK 
INSURED DEPOSITS INTEREST REINVESTED 
,34.10 
USD 
DEPOSITS INTEREST 
REINVESTED 
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
44.10 
Total Value of Transactions 
0.00 
0.00 USD 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded.
Client Set vice informaz on 
Your 'oatmeal Sp_edalid ZEN  
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 13154 
Coaled Information 
Telephone Number: 
You: A ccouir .ror 
Ci 1 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for M utual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount in income annually:  
No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
You have not selected any account communications for electronic delivery. To register end turn off paper communications, log in to your account or contact your Investment 
Specialist for more information. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Account Number 
Go paperless 
snow MINIM 
Page 6 of 9 
Rind Eitelleini 
Every Year Since 2007 
OALOAR MITOCOMMVNICA71O.5 
EXCELLENCE 
Marts through Poniaboe PLC. • who!), *ad 
subsifin a The Baal Ni. Veit Melba 
Comer/Mon (MY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. member Fla NYSE. SIC 
DB-SDNY-0082960 
SDNY_GM_00229144 
EFTA01383265

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383266.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383266.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
PO Bex 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
December 1.2018 - December 31,2018 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.coml about! strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, Including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time lim its for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
Page 7 of 9 
Account Number:N4G-026181 
ncenw3::1/4.2t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go pwr1ess 
way, MINIM' 4 
Rar•d Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Reach Penabos UM. • wholly road 
subtle:run of The BIS al New Yort Medan 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082961 
SDNY_GM_00229145 
EFTA01383266

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383267.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important Information and Disclosures (continued) 
Important Arbitration Agreement (continued) 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department. One Pershing Raze Jersey City. New Jersey 07399; 
Page °. of 9 
Account Number: NU 
/.:001SW3:42! 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MX MOUT I.pNWy 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. R wholly *ad 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Make 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082962 
SDNY_GM_00229146 
EFTA01383267

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383268.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383268.pdf
----------------------------------------
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
TRANSACTIONS 
• ALL ORDERS AND TRANSACTIONS SHALL SE SOLELY FOR YOUR ACCOUNT AND RISK SHALL BE 
SUBJECT TO THE CONSTITUTION, RULES, REGULATIONS. CUSTOMS. USAGES. RULINGS AND 
INTERPRETATIONS OF THE EXCHANGE OR MARKET AND THE CLEARING FACILITY. IF ANY. WHERE 
THE TRANSACTIONS ARE EXECUTED ANDIOR SETTLED. OR IF APPLICABLE, OF THE FINANCIAL 
INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY AND TO ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. 
• TITLE TO SECURITIES SOLD TO YOU. WHERE PERSHING HAS ACTED AS PRINCIPAL, SHALL REMAIN 
WITH PERSHING UNTIL THE ENTIRE PURCHASE PRICE IS RECEIVED OR UNTIL THE SETTLEMENT 
DATE. WHICHEVER IS LATER. 
• YOU MAY HAVE RECEIVED CONFIRMATIONS FOR TRANSACTIONS WHICH DO NOT APPEAR ON YOUR 
STATEMENT. IF SO. THE TRANSACTIONS WILL APPEAR ON YOUR NEXT PERIODIC STATEMENT. SUCH 
TRANSACTIONS MUST BE CONSIDERED BY YOU WHEN COMPUTING THE VALUE OF YOUR ACCOUNT. 
THIS IS ESPECIALLY TRUE F YOU HAVE WRITTEN OPTIONS WHICH HAVE BEEN EXERCISED. 
FREE CREDIT BALANCES: ANY FREE CREDIT BALANCE CARRIED FOR YOUR ACCOUNT REPRESENTS 
FUNDS PAYABLE UPON DEMAND WHICH, ALTHOUGH PROPERLY ACCOUNTED FOR ON PERSHING'S 
BOOKS OF RECORD. ARE NOT SEGREGATED AND MAY BE USED IN THE CONDUCT OF ITS BUSINESS. 
DEBIT BALANCES: INTEREST CHARGED ON DEBIT BALANCES IN YOUR ACCOUNT APPEARS ON THE 
STATEMENT. THE RATE OF INTEREST AND PERIOD COVERED ARE INDICATED. THE RATE MAY CHANGE 
FROM TIME TO T:ME DUE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN MONEY RATES OR OTHER REASONS. INTEREST IS 
COMPUTED AS DESCRIBED IN MATERIAL PREVIOUSLY FURNISHED TO YOU. PLEASE CONTACT YOUR 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION IF YOU DESIRE ADDITIONAL COPIES. 
MARGIN INFORMATION: F YOU MAINTAIN A MARGIN ACCOUNT. THIS IS A COMBINED STATEMENT OF 
YOUR GENERAL ACCOUNT AND A SPECIAL MEMORANDUM ACCOUNT MAINTAINED FOR YOU UNDER 
REGULATION T OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. THE PERMANENT 
RECORD OF THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT AS REQUIRED BY REGULATION T IS AVALABLE FOR YOUR 
NSPECTION UPON REQUEST. 
TAX INFORMATION 
• AFTER YEAR END. PERSHING IS REQUIRED TO PROVIDE TAX INFORMATION TO THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE SERVICE AND OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. AT THAT TIME PERSHING WILL 
PROVIDE THAT INFORMATION ON THE ANNUAL TAX INFORMATION STATEMENT TO YOU: USE THAT 
STATEMENT TO PREPARE YOUR TAX FLINGS. THE TAX STATEMENT ALSO INCLUDES OTHER USEFUL 
INFORMATION TO ASSIST IN ACCUMULATING THE DATA TO PREPARE YOUR TAX RETURNS. 
• DIVIDENDS. INTEREST AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS SHOWN ON THIS STATEMENT WERE CLASSFIED 
AS TAXABLE OR NONTAXABLE BASED ON CERTAIN INFORMATION KNOWN AS OF THE DISTRIBUTION 
DATE. THIS CLASSFICATION IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND IS SOLELY INTENDED FOR USE AS 
GENERAL INFORMATION. 
• PERSHING DOES NOT PROVIDE TAX. INVESTMENT OR LEGAL ADVISORY SERVICES AND NO ONE 
ASSOCIATED WITH PERSHING IS AUTHORIZED TO RENDER SUCH ADVICE. DO NOT RELY UPON ANY 
SUCH ADVICE. IF GIVEN. INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS TO 
DETERMiNE THE APPROPRIATE TAX TREATMENT OF THEIR BUSINESS. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
• WHENEVER YOU ARE INDEBTED TO PERSHING LLC ("PERSHING') FOR ANY AMOUNT, ALL SECURITIES 
HELD BY IT FOR YOU IN ANY ACCOUNT IN WHICH YOU HAVE ANY INTEREST SHALL SECURE ALL YOUR 
LIABILITIES TO PERSHING. AND PERSHING MAY IN ITS DISCRETION AT ANY TIME. WITHOUT TENDER. 
DEMAND OR NOTICE TO YOU, CLOSE OR REDUCE ANY OR ALL OF YOUR ACCOUNTS BY PUBLIC OR 
PRIVATE SALE OR PURCHASE OR BOTH OF ALL OR ANY SECURITIES CARRIED IN SUCH ACCOUNTS: 
ANY BALANCE REMAINING DUE PERSHING TO BE PROMPTLY PAID BY YOU. 
• WHENEVER YOU ARE INDEBTED TO PERSHING FOR ANY AMOUNT, ALL SECURITIES CARRIED FOR 
YOUR ACCOUNT ARE OR MAY BE, WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE TO YOU. LOANED OR PLEDGED BY 
PERSHING, EITHER SEPARATELY OR UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH WILL PERMIT THE 
COMMINGLING THEREOF, WITH OTHER SECURITIES FOR ANY AMOUNT LESS THAN. EQUAL TO OR 
GREATER THAN YOUR UABILMES TO PERSHING. BUT NOT UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES FOR AN AMOUNT 
PROHIBITED BY LAW. 
• PERSHING MAY TRADE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AS A MARKET MAKER. SPECIALIST. ODD LOT DEALER. 
BLOCK POSITIONER. ARBITRAGEUR OR INVESTOR. CONSEQUENTLY. AT THE TIME OF ANY 
TRANSACTION YOU MAY MAKE, PERSHNG MAY HAVE A POSITION IN SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH 
POSITION MAY BE PARTIALLY OR COMPLETELY HEDGED. 
• IF AVERAGE PRICE TRANSACTION IS INDICATED ON THE FRONT OF THIS STATEMENT YOUR 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION OR PERSHING MAY HAVE ACTED AS PRINCIPAL. AGENT OR BOTH. DETALS 
AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST. 
• A FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF PERSHING IS AVAILABLE FOR YOUR PERSONAL INSPECTION AT 
PERSHING'S OFFICES. A COPY OF IT WILL BE MAILED UPON YOUR WRITTEN REQUEST OR YOU CAN 
VIEW IT ONLINE AT WWW.PERSHING.COM. 
• FOR BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES: WWW.PERSHING.CONVDISCLOSURES. 
• THIS STATEMENT SHOULD BE RETAINED FOR YOUR RECORDS. 
PAYMENT FOR ORDER FLOW AND ORDER ROUTING POLICIES DISCLOSURES (REGULATION NMS-
RULE 607(A)(1)-(2)) 
PERSHING SENDS CERTAIN EQUITY ORDERS TO EXCHANGES, ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION 
NETWORKS, OR BROKER-DEALERS DURING NORMAL BUSINESS HOURS AND DURING EXTENDED 
TRADING SESSIONS. CERTAIN OF THESE VENUES PROVIDE PAYMENTS TO PERSHING OR CHARGE 
ACCESS FEES TO PERSHING DEPENDING UPON THE CHARACTERISTICS OF THE ORDER AND ANY 
SUBSEQUENT EXECUTION. THE DETALS OF THESE PAYMENTS AND FEES ARE AVAILABLE UPON 
WRITTEN REQUEST. PERSHING REGENTS PAYMENTS FOR DIRECTING LISTED OPTIONS ORDER FLOW 
TO CERTAIN OPTION EXCHANGES. IN ADDITION. PERSHING ROUTES CERTAIN EQUITY AND OPTION 
ORDERS TO ITS AFFILIATE. BNY MELLON CAPITAL MARKETS. LLC, FOR EXECUTION AS PRINCIPAL. 
COMPENSATION IS GENERALLY IN THE FORM OF A PER OPTION CONTRACT CASH PAYMENT. 
BEST EXECUTION: NOTWITHSTANDING THE PREVIOUS PARAGRAPH REGARDING PAYMENT FOR ORDER 
FLOW. PERSHING SELECTS CERTAIN MARKET CENTERS TO PROVIDE EXECUTION OF OVER-THE-
COUNTER AND EXCHANGE-LISTED SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS WHICH AGREE TO ACCEPT ORDERS. 
TRANSMITTED ELECTRONICALLY UP TO A SPECIFIED SCE. AND TO EXECUTE THEM AT OR BETTER THAN 
THE NATIONAL BEST BID OR OFFER (NBBO). ON CERTAIN LARGER ORDERS, OR F THE DESIGNATED 
MARKET CENTERS DO NOT MAKE A MARKET IN THE SUBJECT SECURITY. PERSHING DIRECTLY 
CONTACTS MARKET CENTERS TO OBTAIN AN EXECUTION. THE DESIGNATED MARKET CENTERS TO 
WHICH ORDERS ARE AUTOMATICALLY ROUTED ARE SELECTED BASED ON THE CONSISTENT HIGH 
QUALITY OF THEIR EXECUTIONS IN ONE OR MORE MARKET SEGMENTS AND THEIR ABLITY TO PROVIDE 
OPPORTUNITIES FOR EXECUTIONS AT PRICES SUPERIOR TO THE NBBO. PERSHING ALSO REGULARLY 
REVIEWS REPORTS FOR QUALITY OF EXECUTION PURPOSES. 
IF ANY OF THE MOVE TERNS MC CONCRIONS ARE UNACCEPTABLE 70 YOU. FLEASE NOTIFYPERS-I/IC IIMIEDLATELY IN WRITING SY CERTVIED AWL TO ONE PERSHING PLAZA. JERSEY COY. NJ07399. ATM LEGAL DEPT 
Account Number' N46-026161 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 9 o19 
Go paperless 
way, talinitY 4 
Raid Ewell., 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MTIOCOMIAVNICATIONS 
EXCE LIDICE 
Outs Swoosh Pone' LILC. • wholly sad 
st6VoSwy of The BIM al Mn. Yea Miaow 
Catioratkin (BNY Melon) 
PersPrw LLC. motto( ANSA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082963 
SDNY_GM_00229147 
EFTA01383268

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383269.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383269.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
JEFFREY EPSTBN 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS STE B-3 
ST THOMASVI 00802-1348 
Dculc:he tank Immo WhOlh Maaciernth 
Yothh 031ohi*Cmoun 
Devlicte ChM Schheh hC. 
New Ycel. Office 
143 Peel Annum. 14th how 
New Yctt. NY 10114 
loll I re• /666111503 
IX,Nc 310 1145 5531 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
Account Number: N4G-024968 
Pry: to oat a Glance 
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
ThisPedod 
Year-to-Date 
$669,802.96 
5669 802.96 
M ARTIN ZEMAN 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
-670,009.42 
-670 009 42 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
.206.46 
-206 46 
Dividends. Interest and Other Income 
206.46 
 206.46 
B4D1NGACCOUNT VAWE 
$0.00 
$0.00 
The Bank Deposits in your account are FDIC insured bank deposits. 
FDIC insured bank deposits are not securities and are not covered by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). These bank deposits are covered by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC), up to allowable limits. 
Asset Summary 
Percent 
Asset Type 
Prior Yearaid 
Lest Period 
This Period 
0% 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits  
669.802.96  
66980296 
0.00
0% 
Account Total 
$669,802.96 
$669.80296 
$0.00 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist.
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced • negative interest rates' Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 1099 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
Page 1 of 6 
110 0NC.7911020 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
AtOUT t.CCIVOIY 
Rated ntellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
O4BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71O.5 
EXCELIDICE 
Marts through Penabos UM. • wholly *ad 
subskrun of The BIS al Ni. York Make 
Comer/Mon (eNY Mellea) 
PaShCct LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082964 
SDNY_GM_00229148 
EFTA01383269

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383270.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383270.pdf
----------------------------------------
FDICInsured Bank Deposits 
Date 
Activity Type 
Sweep FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM 
Activity Ending: 0 1/ 141 19 
01/01/19 
Opening Balance 
01111/19 
Withdrawal 
01111/19 
Deposit 
01/14119 
Closing Balance 
$0.00 
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
$0.00 
The FDIC Insured Bank Deposits are not securities and are not covered by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). The Bank Deposits at each bank are insured by the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250,0 0 0 for each category of legal ownership including individual retirement accounts and certain other self directed retirement 
accounts. Please review this in connection with other deposits you may have at each respective bank. 
Description 
Amount 
Balance 
Income and Expense Summary 
Interest Income 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits
Total Dividends, Interest, Income and Expenses 
$206.48 
$0.00 
6206.46 
$0.00 
W ITHDRAW AL 
INTEREST POSTED 
869,802.96 
470,009.42 
206.46 
669,802.96 
-206.46 
0.00 
Current Period 
Year-to-Date 
Taxable 
Non Taxable 
Taxable 
Non Taxable 
206.46 
0.00 
206.46 
0.00 
Portfolio Ho€dings 
Opening 
Ming 
Awned 
SO-Coy 
Desaiption 
Ouantity 
Use 
Balance 
Income 
Yield 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 0 00% of Portfolio 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM 
669.802.96  
0.00  
0.00 
N/A 
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
5669.802 96 
$0.00  
$0.00 
TOTAL CASH. MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
5689 802 96 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Total Portfolio Holdings 
Account Number: N 
amoserson 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Annum! 
Market Value 
Intend
$ 0 00 
90.00 
Go per ass 
smont4IllNOW 
Page 2 of 6 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly owed 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. York Milker 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082965 
SDNY_GM_00229149 
EFTA01383270

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383271.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383271.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
PO Bex 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures 
January 1.2019 - January 31.2019 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services,which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for which a price is not available are marked "N/A" and are omitted from the Total. 
THE A S OF PRICEDATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THEPRICEDATEDOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (EAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable: however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, end prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 1%, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
M essages 
Important Reminder for Pershing's 2018 IRSForm 1099 (B, DIV, INT, MISC and OID): As a reminder, by February 15,2019, you will be mailed either your Form 1099 or a special 
Pending 1099 Notice. The Pending 1099 Notice will be sent if we have not received and processed final information from issuers and trustees of securities you hold by the as of date of 
the February 15 1099 mailing. You will also be sent the notice if your information is still being reviewed and finalized. The notice will inform you of the securities that are pending final 
reporting and provides the anticipated mail date of your 1099. Your 1099 will be mailed no later than M arch 15, 2019. 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)-Insured Bank Deposits are not protected by Securities Investor Protection Corpo ration( MPG). 
For disclosure of rates for DW S money market funds, please visit the DW S Investments website at httpsi I www.dws-investments.com/ EN/ products/ money-market-funds-yields.jsp 
Please note that all money market funds listed on the website may not be offered through us. 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at S1per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
Page 3 of 6 
Account Number:N 
amottcron 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
way, MINIM' 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly awed 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mika 
Comeration (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082966 
SDNY_GM_00229150 
EFTA01383271

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383272.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383272.pdf
----------------------------------------
Messages (continued) 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10 b-10(b)(1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Ac; 
S..irrirriary 
Debits This Period 
Net This Period  
CredileYeat-to•Date  
DebilsYear4o•ONe 
Net Year-lo•DMe 
Credits This Period
Dividends and Interest 
$206.46 
$0 00 
$206.46 
S206.46 
S0.00 
$206.46 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
479,009.42 
470,009.42 
00 
470 009 42 
479,009.42 
Total Cash 
$0.00 
4670,009.42 
4670.009.42 
$0.00 
4670.009 42 
4670,009.42 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
$669,802.96 
$0.00 
$669.802.96 
$669 802 96 
$0 00 
$669,802.96 
Totals 
$670,009.42 
4670 009 42 
$0.00 
$670.009.42 
4670,009.42 
$0.00 
ai• sact Ions by Type Of Activity 
Proms/ 
Seltkment 
Dole 
Acthity Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Price 
Dividends and Interest 
Accrued Interest 
 Amount Currency 
01111119 
FDIC INSURED BANK 
INSURED DEPOSITS INTEREsT cRECITED R460)4EREDEEMEC 
206 46 
USD 
DEPOSITS INTEREST 
RECEIVED 
PER980411 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
206 46 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
01711119 
FEDERAL FUNDSSENT 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
-670.009 42 
USD 
U60999997 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
470.009.42 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
01111/19 
FDIC INSURED BANK 
INSURED DEPOSITSPROGRAM FULL PRINCIPAL MEM ED 
669.802 96 
USD 
WITHDRAWAL 
US0999997 
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits - U S DOLLARS 
00 
669,802.96 
Total Value of Transactions 
0.00 
0.00 USD 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded. 
Page of 6 
Account Number: N 
ncotturom 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
snow s-nv 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Meech Penabos UM. R wholly need 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mika 
Comer/Mon (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082967 
SDNY_GM_002291 51 
EFTA01383272

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383273.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383273.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
aient Service Information 
Your Investment Seediest ZEN 
MARTIN ZEisl AN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 11154 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Corded Information 
Telephone Number: 
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE 
Investment Objective. GROWTH 
Investment Objective: INCOM E 
Please review your investment objective. If you wish to make a change or have any questions please contact your Investment Specialist. 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION M ETHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds- 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount  in income annually: 
  No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
• 
Statements and Reports 
CO 
Trade Confirmations 
• 
Tel Documents 
• 
Notifications 
• 
Prospectss 
CO Proxyakareholder Communications 
You have not enrolled any of the above documents for electronic delivery. Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences. 
Account Number: N 
smosese-on 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MY MOUT t.1:41IVtitY 
Page 5 of 6 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
Marrs through Penabos UM. • wholly awed 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yore Make 
Comeration OM Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082968 
SDNY_GM_00229152 
EFTA01383273

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383274.pdf
----------------------------------------
important nfor matron and D sclosres 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any. to you and in general. for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.comi about/ strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, 
One Pershing Raze, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time lim its for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class w ho has not opted out of the class w ith respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern 
Pershing's contact information is as follows. Pershing LLC. Legal Department. One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City. New Jersey 07399; (201) 4/3-3330. 
Page 6 of 6 
Account Number: N 
amotturom 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
SNOUT ICILNOW 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
Cloar•O through Penabos UM. • wholly owed 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yet Mellon 
Comeration (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082969 
SDNY_GM_00229153 
EFTA01383274

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383275.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383275.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
(Neel I.:Of Oink letebele Wealth Mean Rotel 
leloSele COonapi Coto' 
Derlyto BYO Secy.'," IOC 
New Yak alleel 
NS Pitt Annum, 201. floor 
NewW 
loll Fr 
Watt 
February 1, 20 19 - 
019 
J EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS 
A ccount Number: 
FOUNDATION INC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER Et3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
Pry: to 
Glance 
oat a 
This Period 
Yes-to-Date
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
5127 184 45 
5258 652.79 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
.128 626 14 
-248,526 14 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
-1441 69 
10,026.65 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
410 61 
126 81 
Net  Change in Portfolio' 
08 
-12 153.46
ENDINGACGOUNT VALUE 
$0.00 
$04 
Estimated Annual Inane 
5130 01 
I Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
Percent 
Asset Type 
Prior Year-End 
Last Period 
This Period 
0% 
Cash Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
6,810.54 
1423.25 
0.00 
0% 
Equities 
251,842.25  
125,761.20 
0.00 
0% 
Account Total 
5258,652.79 
$127,184.45 
$0 00 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
Summary of Gams and Losses 
Long-Term Gain! Loss 
Net Gain/ Loss 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis information is not available.
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Realized 
DiePeriod 
Yeu4e-Date 
-19.250.07 
46615.32 
-19,250.07 
66615.32 
Unrealized
0.00 
0.00 
Page1ofB 
Go paperless 
AIX 4.14O1/144:41IVOrf 
Rated Excellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMMVNICA11076 
EXCELLENCE 
Cleares three* Penabos UM • wholly est 
subsides or The Baal Ni. Yort Make 
Corporation (INY Mellen) 
PCISPICY U.C. member AURA. NYSE Si?C 
DB-SDNY-0082970 
SDNY_GM_00229154 
EFTA01383275

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383276.pdf
----------------------------------------
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced' negative interest rates' . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 13 99 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
Money Market Fund Detail 
Dam 
Activity Type 
Sweep Money Market Fund 
CASH AC TRDWSGOVT & AG INSTL 
Current Yield: 2.31% Activity Ending: 02/ 06/19 
Desctiption 
Amount 
Balance 
02101/19 
Opening Balance 
1,423.25 
1.423 25 
02/04/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
1,394.00 
2.81725 
02/05/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
125,792.28 
128.609 53 
02/01119 
Withdrawal 
MONEY FUND REDEMPTION 
-128,609.53 
000 
02/07/19 
Withdrawal 
SHARES REDEEM ED 
.16.61 
•16.61 
02/07/19 
Deposit 
ACCRUED DIVIDEND CREDIT 
 16.61 
000 
02106/19 
Closinj8alance 
$0.00 
Total All Money Market Funds 
$0.00 
rico ne and Expense Su r ma• 
Dividend Income 
Equities 
Money_ Market 
Total Dividends, Interest, Income aid Expenses 
Port o 
drnos 
Description 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 0.00% of Portfolio 
Money Market 
CASH AC TR DWSG0VT 8 AG MR 
Total Money Market 
Wield Pedal 
Tanble 
Non Taxable 
1,394 00 
16.61
$1,410.61 
0.00 
0.00 
Yearn•0ate 
Taal. 
NOR Taxi* 
1,996.80 
0.00 
130.01 
0.00 
$0.00 
$2,126.81 
$0.00 
Ovally 
Opening 
Bala m 
Meng 
Balance 
Accrued 
Income 
Income 
30•Day 
This Yew 
Yield 
1423.25 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
$1,423.25 
Account Number: N 
r:catmans 
0.00 
0.00 
130.01 
2.31% 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$130.01 
Page 2 of 6 
Go paper less 
74RAIOUT ICILNOW 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELIDKE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly awed 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Melba 
Comeration (WY Melon) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082971 
SDNY_GM_00229155 
EFTA01383276

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383277.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
February 1, 2019 - February 28,2019 
J EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Desdiptc,r 
CAS— MONEY EUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS(continued) 
TOTAL CASH M ONEY FUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Total Portfolio Holdings 
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures 
Guar Illy 
Opening 
Dosing 
Accrued 
Income 
30-Day 
Balance 
Balance 
Him"! 
This Year 
Yield 
=23 25 
30.00 
fi0.00 
$130.01 
Markel Yalue 
Acuued 
Estimated 
Interest 
Annual Income 
$0.00 
5130.01 
$0.00 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for w hich a price is not available are marked "N/ A" and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PR10EDATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THEPRICEDATEDOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 1%, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 3 of S 
Account Number 
Go paperless 
A3 AtOUT 
Rated Eitellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCEUDKE 
Mitts through PenabostILC. • wholly awed 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yert Make 
Comer/Mon (eNY Melon) 
PCISrat U.C. member AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082972 
SDNY_GM_00229156 
EFTA01383277

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383278.pdf
----------------------------------------
Po: t `o. o Ho'drngs Disc osures (continued) 
Foreign Currency Transactions (continued) 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction. incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid (or in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Schedule of Rea zed Gans aid LossesCurren'  Period 
Dale 
Date 
Realized 
Manblbn 
Dhpord 
AcquIred 
Ded natios 
osition
y
worl / Traumata 
Ninth 
Proceeds 
Cod Basis 
Galion 
Long Term 
BRISTOL M YERSSQUIBB 
02/01119 
10130115 
Covered 
First In First Out !SELL 
1,000800 
49,531.37 
66,942.40 
17,411.03 
*tufty Identifier 
DISNEY WALT CO CISME 
02101119 
10/30/15 
Covered 
First In First Out 1 SELL 
685.000 
76)60.91 
78,099.95 
4,839.04 
Security Identifier 
Total Long Term 
125,792.28 
145,042.35 
-19,250.01 
Total Short and Long Term 
125,792.28 
145,042.35 
-19250.07 
Generally, securities acquired before 2011, in retirement accounts or held by Non-U S entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 186, as 
amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, and are marked as "noncovered". Securities marked as "covered", were identified as securities potentially subject to the cost 
basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRS on form 10 99-B for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 10998, the cost basis 
will not be reported to the IRS. 
This Schedule may not reflect all cost basis adjustments necessary for tax reporting purposes, especially for noncovered securities. Adjustments to cost basis may have been made for prior 
income received and subsequently reclassified by the issuer as a return of capital. In addition, corporate action events may require adjustments to your original cost basis. Return of capital 
information and cost basis information, as it relates to corporate actions, has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable. 
Adjustments to cost basis can be made after year-end, in particular, for return of capital adjustments, but may also include adjustments for corporate action events. Therefore there may be 
differences in cost basis reflected on your monthly client brokerage statement at year end versus any subsequent reports, including your 1099-B or online displays you may have available to 
you. 
W hen you report your cost basis on your tax return, it should be verified using all of your own records. In particular, there may be other adjustments which you need to make, but are not 
required to be made by Pershing as it relates to H.R. 1424. You should consult with your tax advisor in order to properly report your gain or loss for tax purposes. Pershing shall not be 
responsible for and makes no representations or warranties with respect to the accuracy of any information that you report to the IRS or other taxing authorities, and, accordingly, disclaims 
any and all liability that may arise with respect to your use and reliance on the information provided herein for such reporting. 
Please refer to the Your Account Information Section in your brokerage account statement for your account's existing tax-lot disposition method. The disposition method is the method which 
you have selected to use in the disposal of each tax lot of the securities held in your account. If you do not select a method, your account will be defaulted to First In, First Out (FIFO). Your 
account's selected tax lot method will be used to determine the cost basis for calculating gain and/ or loss, unless another method was selected at the time of the security disposal, and this may 
be reported on the IRS Form 1099-B. 
Page 4 of 8 
Account Number: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paper less 
way, MINIM' 4 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly ~el 
subsidurey of The BIS al Ni. Yore Mellon 
Comeration (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082973 
SDNY_GM_00229157 
EFTA01383278

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383279.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Messages 
February 1, 2019 - February 28,2019 
J EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10b-10(b)(1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
al: 
ET MEM ES re OM I 
Cr edits This Period 
Debits This Period 
Net ThisPeriod 
Credits Year-to-Date 
Debits Year-to-Date 
Net Year-to-Dale 
Securities 
Securities Sold 
125,792.28 
0.00 
125,792.28 
239,688.79 
0.00 
239,688.79 
Total Securities 
$125,792.28 
$0.00 
$125,792.28 
$239,688.79 
$0.00 
$239.688.79 
Dividends and Interest 
$1,410.61 
$0.00 
$1,410.61 
$2,126.81 
$0.00 
$2.126.81 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
-128,626.14 
-128,626.14 
0.00 
-248,628.14 
-248,626.14 
Total Cash 
$0.00 
4128,628.14 
4128,626.14 
$0.00 
4248,626.14 
4248,628.14 
Totals 
$127,202.89 
4128,626.14 
41,423.25 
$241,815.60 
4248,626.14 
46,810.54 
Transactions by Type 
A 
of 
Proms* 
Trader 
Settlement If 81102i0O 
Dale 
Date 
Activity Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Price 
Amami Interest 
Amount Currency 
Securities Bought and Sold 
02105119 02/01/19 SOLO 
BRISTOL MYERS SQUIBB CO COW UNSOLICITED ORDER 
-1.000.000 
5880 
49,531 37 
USD 
BUY 
AVERAGE UNIT PRICE TRANSACTION YOUR BROKER ACTED AS 
AGENT 
02105/19 02/01/19 SOLD 
DISNEY WALT CO DISNEY COW UNSOLICITED ORDER 
485.000 
III 4130 
76.26011 USD 
DIS 
Total Securities Bought and Sold - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
125,792.28 
Account Number: 
11:014M:3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 5 of B 
Go paperless 
ASYArtOUT t.011iVtOrr 
Rated ntenere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
Cleats Reach Penabos LW. • wholly awed 
subtle:run of The lad Ni. Yet Make 
Comeration (BNY MAW 
Ptithrta LLC. MeMbet AURA. NM SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082974 
SDNY_GM_00229158 
EFTA01383279

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383280.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Process 
Trade 
Settlement 
Transaction 
Dale 
Date 
Activity Type 
Dividends and Interest 
02101/19 
CASH DIVIDEND RECEIVED 
3400 SHRS BRISTOL MYERSSOUILIB CO COM MOM PC 
1.394.00 
USD 
BM? 
ONTO 
02(07119 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
CASH AC TR OW S GOVT 8 AGENCY INSTL INCOMEREDEEMED 
16.61 
USO 
INCOM E RECEIVED 
PER232045 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S DOLLARS 
0.00 
1.410.61 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
02107/19 
FEDERAL FUNDSSENT 
RRSTBANK PUERTO RIC 
-128.626.14 
USD 
USC99999T 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits - US DOLLARS 
0.00 
-128.626.14 
Description 
Quantity 
Price 
Accrued Interest 
Amount Currency 
Total Value of Transactions 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded. 
Client Service I nformat;on 
0.00 
-1,423.25 
USD 
Your Investment Specialist ZBI 
Contact Information 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 10154 
Your Account information 
Telephone Number 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield M ethod: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount in income annually: 
No 
Account Number.
nureacins 
Go paperless 
MX AIM!' b011ivtorr 4 
RAW totellent 
Every Yes Since 2007 
OALOAR RATIO COMMUNICATOM 
ECM DICE 
Page3 of 3 
Clutits Ovaugh Prams tIC.• wholly stone 
sublidiary of The an  al New York Mellon 
Corporation (SNY Mellon) 
Perstnt LLC. inesnber flI4RA, NYS. SW.: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082975 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229159 
EFTA01383280

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383281.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
February 1,2019 - February 28,2019 
J EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
• 
Statements and Reports 
• 
Trade Confirmations 
CO 
Tax Documents 
• 
Notifications 
CO 
Prospectus 
CO 
Proxy/Shareholder Communications 
You have not enrolled any of the above documents for electronic delivery. Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences. 
Important If nr i ati n aid 7) sclos,res 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413.3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCS). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.com/ about/ strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows Pershing LW. Legal Department, 
Account Number: N 
mcutroce 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MX AtOUT t.C4IIVIttf 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
O4BAR MITOCOMPAVNICAllORS 
EXCELIDKE 
Page 7 of 
Clearly Meech Peohbos UM. • wholly *ad 
saraturey of The BIS °Mew Yort Make 
Coryeration (BNY Melon) 
PersPrw LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082976 
SDNY_GM_00229160 
EFTA01383281

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383282.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383282.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important Information and Disclosures (continued) 
The Role of Pershing (continued) 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted.
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding:a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified: or 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department. One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. 
Page°ofS 
Account Number: NIG-024950 
&;.024s%cz)s 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
snow 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly awed 
sbtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yet Menai 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082977 
SDNY_GM_00229161 
EFTA01383282

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383283.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Dculc:he tank Immo WhOlh Maaciernth 
Yothh 031ohi*Cmoun 
Devlicte ChM Schheh hC. 
New Ycel. Office 
HS Peel Annum. 101. how 
New Yctt. NY 10114 
loll free /666111503 
IX,Nc 310 I145 5531 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
J EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Account Number: 
FOUNDATION INC 
610 0 RED HOOK QUARTER83 
ST THOM AS VI 0 0 80 2 
Portfo 
G:ance 
oat a 
ThIsPerlod
Year-lo-Dale 
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$258,652 79 
5258 652 79 
Mit 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
-120,000.00 
-120 000 00 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
138.652 79 
138 652 79 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
716 20 
716.20 
Ne:  Change in Portfolio' 
-12  184 54 
-12  184 54 
ENDMIGACCOUNT VALUE 
$127.184A5 
$127,18445 
Estimated Annual Inane 
$2 959 00 
Percent 
Asset Type 
1% 
Cash Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
6.810.54 
6.810.54 
1.423.25 
99% 
Equities 
251,842.25  
251,842.25  
125/61.20 
100% 
Account Total 
$258,652.79 
$258,652.79 
6127,184.45 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
I Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
Prior Year-Bid 
Lest Period 
This Period 
Summary of Galls and Losses 
Ibis Period 
Realized 
Year-to-Date 
Untealized 
Long-Term Gain! Loss 
-46.765.25 
-46.165.25 
-19.281.15 
Net Gain/ Loss 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis information is not available.
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
-46,765.25 
-46,765.25 
-19,281.15 
Page 1 of 
C 061ICS111020 
Go paperless 
MX 51001 t.DItivtorr 
Rated Eitellent 
(my Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCEUDK( 
Mitts through Penabos LW. a wholly awed 
subsifun of The BIS al Ni. Yea Make 
Comer/ on OINY MAW 
Peahrtt U.C. mutter AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082978 
SDNY_GM_00229162 
EFTA01383283

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383284.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383284.pdf
----------------------------------------
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced' negative interest rates' . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 13 99 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
Money Market Fund Detail 
OMe 
Activity Type 
Sweep Money Market Fund 
CASH AC TRDWSGOVT & AG INSTL 
Current Yield: 2.30% Activity Ending: 01 3419
Description 
Amount 
Balance 
01/01/19 
Opening Balance 
6,810.54 
6.810 54 
01/11/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
802.80 
7.41334 
01115/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
113,898.51 
121.309 85 
01/29/19 
Withdrawal 
MONEY FUND REDEMPTION 
-120,000.00 
1.309 85 
01131/19_ 
INCOM EREIN VEST
113.40 
1.42325
...c_litipesit 
01/31119 
Closing Balance 
$1,423.25 
Total All Money Market Funds 
$1,423.25 
Income and Expense Summary 
Dividend Income 
Current Period 
Tuttle 
Non Taxable 
Vsar4o-Die 
Taxable 
Non Taxable 
Equities 
602.80 
0.00 
602.80 
0.00 
Money Market  
113.40
 0.00  
113.40 
0.00 
Total Dividends, Interest, Income and Expenses 
$716.20 
$0.00 
$718.20 
$0.00 
Portfolio HoIdings 
Account 
Activity 
Opening Date 
Quantity 
Number 
Ending 
Opening 
Balyce 
Closing 
Balance 
Awued 
Income 
Income 
This Year 
30.Day 
Yield 
Curient 
Yield 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 1.00% of Portfolio 
Money Market 
CASH AC TR OWS GOVT 8 AG INSTL 
01/01/19 
1,423.250 
N/A 
01/31119 
6.810 54  
423.25  
00  
 11340 
230". 
2a.y., 
Total Money Market 
$6.810 54 
$1 42325 
$0.00 
$113 40 
TOTAL CASH MONEY FUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS 
$6.810 54 
S1 423.25 
$0.00 
$11340 
Page 2 of 8 
Account Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Rated ntefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDICE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly owed 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yore Mellon 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082979 
SDNY_GM_00229163 
EFTA01383284

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383285.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
Ole Acquired 
EQUITIES 99.00% of Portfolio 
Common Socks 
BRISTOL M YERS SOUR% CO C0M 
Dividend Oplion:Cash 
10130115 
DISNEY WALT CO DISNEY COM 
Dividend Oplion: Cash 
10/30115
Total Common Stocks 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
J EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Quantity 
Unk Cod 
1.000.000 
66.9420 
685.000 
114.0150 
Cod Bads 
Market Pace 
Merkel Vita 
Unrealized 
Gain, Loss 
Security Identifier: BUY 
CUSIP: 19 4298 
66.942.40 
49.3700 
Security Identifier 01$ 
CLAIR 25468796 
78,099.95 
111.5200 
$145,042.35 
$145,042.35 
Total Portfolio Holdings 
49,370.00 
-17,572.40 
76,391.20 
$125,761.20 
$125,761.20 
Cost Buis 
Markel Value 
$146,465.60 
-1,708.75 
419,281.15 
419,281.15 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
$127,184.45 
419,281.15 
Accrued 
Intuited 
50.00 
Estimated Estimated 
Annul Income 
Yield 
1.640 00 
3.32% 
1,205.60 
1.57% 
$2,845.60 
$2,845.60 
&limited 
Annual Income 
$2,959.00 
Generally, securities acquired before 201$ in retirement accounts or held by Non-U.S. entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, and are marked as " noncoverer. Securities marked as °coverer, were identified as securities potentially 
subject to the cost basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRS on form 1099-B for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 1099B, the cost 
basis will not be reported to the IRS. 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices. unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for which a price is not available are marked "NI W and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PR10EDATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THEPRICEDATE DOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income ( EA I) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
Page 3 of 
Account Number:NIG-014950 
11:0061ICS):021 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MY MOUT t.1:41IVtitY 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
Marrs Ifni ugh .Per.
 LW. • wholly *ad 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Make 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat U.C. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082980 
SDNY_GM_00229164 
EFTA01383285

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383286.pdf
----------------------------------------
Port to' o —o dings Dis, osures (continued) 
Estimated Annual Figures (continued) 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.coml disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions. Money Market Fund dividend income. Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Option Disclosure 
Information with respect to commissions and other charges incurred in connection with the execution of option transactions has been included in confirmations previously furnished 
to you. A summary of this information is available to you promptly upon your written request directed to your introducing firm. In order to assist your introducing firm in maintaining 
current background and financial information concerning your option accounts, please promptly advise them in writing of any material change in your investment objectives or 
financial situation. Expiring options which are valuable are exercised automatically pursuant to the exercise by exception procedure of the Options Clearing Corporation. Additional 
information regarding this procedure is available upon written request to your introducing firm. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day. increased by up to 1%, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Schedule of Realized Gains and Losses Current Period 
DesaMtIon 
Long Term 
BRISTOL M YERSSOUIBB 
Security Identifier -
Date 
Disposed 
Date 
Acquired 
Designation
Disposition Method r Transaction 
01/11/19 
10130/15 
Covered 
First In First Out I SELL 
Realized 
Quantity 
Proceeds 
Cod Basis 
Ciskirloss 
2,400.000 
113,896.51 
160,661.76 
♦6,765.25 
Total Long Term 
Total Short and Long Term 
Aoxtrt Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
SNOUT IflY 
113,896.51 
160,661.76 
-46,765.25 
113,896.51 
160,661.76 
46,765.25 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
Page 4 of 8 
MI SR Meech Penabos UM. • wholly need 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mellon 
Comeration (BNY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082981 
SDNY_GM_00229165 
EFTA01383286

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383287.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383287.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Schedu e o Rea zed Gams and Lczses 
re 
(continued) 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
J EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Generally, securities acquired before 2011, in retirement accounts or held by Non-U.S. entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, and are marked as "noncoveree . Securities marked as "covered", were identified as securities potentially subject to the cost 
basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRS on form 1099-8 for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 10998, the cost basis 
will not be reported to the IRS. 
This Schedule may not reflect all cost basis adjustments necessary for tax reporting purposes, especially for noncovered securities. Adjustments to cost basis may have been made for prior 
income received and subsequently reclassified by the issuer as a return of capital. In addition, corporate action events may require adjustments to your original cost basis. Return of capital 
information and cost basis information, as it relates to corporate actions, has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable. 
Adjustments to cost basis can be made after year-end, in particular, for return of capital adjustments, but may also include adjustments for corporate action events. Therefore there may be 
differences in cost basis reflected on your monthly client brokerage statement at year end versus any subsequent reports, including your 1099-8 or online displays you may have available to 
you. 
W hen you report your cost basis on your tax return, it should be verified using all of your own records. In particular, there may be other adjustments which you need to make, but are not 
required to be made by Pershing as it relates to H.R. 1424. You should consult with your tax advisor in order to properly report your gain or loss for tax purposes. Pershing shall not be 
responsible for and makes no representations or warranties with respect to the accuracy of any information that you report to the IRS or other taxing authorities, and, accordingly, disclaims 
any and all liabilitythat may arise with respect to your use and reliance on the information provided herein for such reporting. 
Please refer to the Your Account Information Section in your brokerage account statement for your account's existing tax-lot disposition method. The disposition method is the method which 
you have selected to use in the disposal of each tax lot of the securities held in your account. If you do not select a method, your account will be defaulted to First In, First Out (FIFO). Your 
account's selected tax lot method will be used to determine the cost basis for calculating gain and/ or loss, unless another method was selected at the time of the security disposal, and this may 
be reported on the IRS Form 1099.8. 
Messages 
Important Reminder for Pershing's 2018 IRSForm 1099 (B, DIY, INT, M ISC and 0lD): As a reminder, by February 15,2019, you will be mailed either your Form 1099 or a special 
Pending 1099 Notice. The Pending 1099 Notice will be sent if we have not received and processed final information from issuers and trustees of securities you hold by the as of date of 
the February15 1099 mailing. You will also be sent the notice if your information is still being reviewed and finalized. The notice will inform you of the securities that are pending final 
reporting and provides the anticipated mail date of your 1099. Your 1099 will be mailed no later than M arch t5, 2019. 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at S1per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10b-10(b)(1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Page5ofS 
Go paperless 
A3 AtOUT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELLENCE 
awes I rough Penabet ICC. • wholly awed 
subsifun of The Bakal Ni. Yea Make 
Comoration (EINY Megan) 
PCISrat LLC. member AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082982 
SDNY_GM_00229166 
EFTA01383287

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383288.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities 
Credits TNs Period  
Debits This Period 
Net This Period  
Cedric Tem-to-Date 
Debits Tear4o-Date  
Net Yea -to-Date 
Securities Sold 
113.896 51 
00 
113,896 51 
113.896.51 
00 
113.896 51 
Total Securities 
$113,896.51 
$0.00 
$113,896.51 
$113.896.51 
$0.00 
$113,89651 
Dividends and Interest 
$716.20 
$0.00 
5716.20 
$716.20 
$0.00 
$716 20 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
.120 000.00 
-120,000.00 
0.00 
.120.000.00 
420,000.00 
Total Cash 
$0.00 
4120.000.00 
4120.000.00 
$0.00 
4120.000.00 
4120.000.00 
Totals 
$114,612.71 
4120.000.00 
45,387.29 
$114,612.71 
4120,000.00 
45.387.29 
Transactions by Type 
Activity 
of 
Process 
Trade. 
Settlement Transaction 
Dale 
Date 
Activity Type 
Description 
Quality 
Price 
*caved Intuit 
Amount Currency 
Securities Bought and Sold 
01(15/19 01/11119 SOLD 
BRISTOL M YERS SQUIBB CO COM UNSOLICITED ORDER 
-2,400.000 
47.5000 
113,896.51 
USD 
BM Y 
Total Securities Bought and Sold - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
113,896.51 
Dividends and Interest 
01/10/19 
CASH DIVIDEND RECBVED 
685SHRSCISNEY WALT CO DISNEY COM RD VD PO OM* 
602 80 
USD 
CIS 
01131/19 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT 
113.40 
USD 
INCOM E RECEIVED 
PER2320 45 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
716.20 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
01129119 
FEDERAL FUNDSSENT 
RRSTBANK PUERTO RIC 
-120.000.00 
USD 
USD999997 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits - U S DOLLARS 
0.00 
,120,000.00 
Total Value of Transactions 
0.00 
-5,387.29 
USD 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded. 
Page.) of 3 
Account Number NU 
i:oottsry..;y. 
Go paperless 
MX AIM!' b011ivtorr 4 
RAW totellent 
Every Yes Since 2007 
OALOAR RATIO COMMUNICATOM 
ECM DICE 
Clutits Ovaugh Prams tIC.• 
svmol 
sublidiary of The an  al New York Mellon 
Corporation (SNY Mellon) 
Perstnt LLC. inesnber RNRA NY5. 5 PC 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082983 
SDNY_GM_00229167 
EFTA01383288

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383289.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
January 1,2019 - January 31, 2019 
J EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Your Investment Spedalid ZEN 
Contact Information 
MARTIN ZEhl AN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 13154 
Your Account Information 
Telephone Number 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount in income annually: 
No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
• 
Stalemeats and Reports 
O 
Trade Conlirmations 
• 
Tax Documents 
• 
Notifications 
O 
Prospectus 
Proxy/Shareholder Communications 
You have not enrolled any of the above documents for electronic delivery Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences 
Account tiumber 
r.c!r;:&-x;y. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
mx0..e0vr t.tetercer 4 
Page 7 of 5 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELIDKE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly *ad 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yore Mak. 
Comeration OM Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082984 
SDNY_GM_00229168 
EFTA01383289

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383290.pdf
----------------------------------------
important nfor matron and D sclosres 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any. to you and in general. for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.comi about/ strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, 
One Pershing Raze, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time lim its for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class w ho has not opted out of the class w ith respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern 
Pershing's contact information is as follows. Pershing LLC. Legal Department. One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City. New Jersey 07399; (201) 4/3-3330. 
Page .° of S 
Account Number: N 
1.:0061ICSF):021 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
SNOUT ICILNOW 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
CMI•O through Penabos UM. • wholly awed 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yet Menge 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082985 
SDNY_GM_00229169 
EFTA01383290

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383291.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 212O3 
whe Oink ilreow Vt3Ole Maexiondd 
melee terodet Weep 
Devecto Oda WV ox let 
Nee dd.Once 
143 Peel Annus. 140. Floor 
New Yctt. NY 10114 
loll I re• /666111501 
Cited 310 $45 5541 
Decem ber 1, 2018 - Decem ber 31, 2018 
J EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Account Number: 
FOUNDATION INC 
61O O RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI O O 8O 2 
Pc- 
G:ance 
oat a 
ThisPeilod 
Yea-to-Owe 
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$274,487.04 
5585.636.85 
MARTIN 
AN 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
1,821A0  
-301,821 40 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
267,665.64 
283,815.45 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
19.55 
8.996.31 
Net Change in Portfolio' 
-9.032 40 
-34.158.97 
ENPINGAMWNT VALUE 
 $258,052.79   
..1255,$621 
Estimated Annual Income 
57.022.51 
'Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
Asset Summary 
Asset Type 
Prior Year-End 
Leel Period 
ThisPeriod 
Percent 
3% 
Cash. Money Funds and Bank Deposits 
461.85 
13.612.39 
6.810.54 
97% 
Equities 
575 175 00 
260.874.65 
251.842.25 
100% 
Account Total (Pie Chart) 
5585,636 85 
$274,487.04 
5258,652.79 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
Page 1 of 
130143131.0 21 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
ASX•4010 t.CCIVOIY 
Redd Extolled 
(my Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCEUDK( 
awes through Penabet (LC. • whelly *ad 
subsiiwy of The BIS al Ni. Wet Mellow 
Comer/Mon OINY MAW 
Ptidere U.C. member AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-OO82986 
SDNY_GM_OO22917O 
EFTA01383291

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383292.pdf
----------------------------------------
Summary of Gains and Losses 
This Period 
Realized 
Ter-to-Date 
Unrealized 
Long-Term Gain!  Loss 
0.90 
-24&70.41 
  -53161.86 
Net Gain/ Loss 
0.00 
-24,870.41 
-53,861.86 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis information is not available.
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced' negative interest rates' . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 10 99 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes. and we may in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
Money Market Fund Detail 
Dale 
Adtvity Type 
Sweep Money Market Fund 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT & AG INSTL 
Current Yield: 2.26% Activity Ending: 12/ 31/ to 
Desaiption 
Amount 
Balance 
12101/18 
Opening Balance 
13,812.39 
13,812.39 
12!18118 
Withdrawal 
M ON EY FUND REDEM PTION 
5,82140 
8,790.99 
12131/18 
Deposit 
INCOM E REINVEST 
55 
6.810.54 
12131/18 
Closing_Balance  
58.810.54 
Total All Money Market Funds 
$6.810.54 
Oarent Period 
 Taxable 
Non Tulle 
Yew-toDate 
Taxable  
Non Tumble 
Dividend Income 
Equities 
00 
0.00 
8.755 40 
0.00 
M oney_M arket
 19.55 
0.00 
240.91 
0.00 
Total Dividends. Interest, Income and Expenses 
$19.55 
$0.00 
996 31 
$0 .00 
Page 2 of 8 
Account Number: N46-024950 
4: 0043,1:::26 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Rated ntefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCEUDKE 
MISR Reach Penabos LW. a wholly owed 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mellon 
Comeration (BNY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082987 
SDNY_GM_00229171 
EFTA01383292

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383293.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings 
Cawing Dale 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 3.00% of Portfolio 
Money Market 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT 8 AG INSTL 
12101/18 
6,810.540 
WA 
Total Money Market 
12131118 
13,612.39 
$13,612.39 
 6,810.54
$6,810.54 
0.00 
$0.00 
  240.91 
$240.91 
2.19% 
2.26%
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Dale Acquired 
Curley 
Unit God 
EQUITIES 97 00% of Portfolio 
Common Stocks 
$13,612.39 
Cost earls 
Market  Price 
$6,810.54 
Market Value 
$0.00 
Unrealized 
Gain Loss 
$240.91 
Estimated Estimated 
Annual Income 
Yield 
BRISTOL M YERSSOUIBB CO COM 
Security Identifier: BUY 
Dividend Option: Cash 
CUSIP:110 2298 
10130/15 
3,400.000 
66.9420 
221,604.16 
51.9800 
176,732.00 
40,872 116 
5.575 00 
3.15% 
DISNEY WALT CO DISNEY COM 
Security Identifier: 01$ 
Dividend Option: Cash 
CUSIP. 25468796 
10130115 
685 000 
114 0150 
78.099 95 
109 6500 
75.110.25 
-2.989.70 
1,205.60 
1.60% 
Total Common Stocks 
5305,704.11 
5251 842.25 
453,861.66  
$6,781.60 
TOTALEQUITIES 
5305,704.11 
5251 842 25 
453,861.86 
$6,781.60 
Unmated 
Accrued 
Estimated 
Cost Bass 
al Niel Value 
&skilless 
Interest 
Annual Income 
December 1, 2018 - December 31,2018 
J EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Account 
Quantity 
Number 
Activity 
Ending 
Opening 
Ban 
Closing 
Balance 
Accrued 
Income 
Income 
This Year 
30-Day 
Current 
Yield 
Yield 
TOTAL PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS 
5312 514 65 
5258 552 79 
-$53.861.66 
$0.00 
$7 022 51
Generally, securities acquired before 2011, in retirement accounts or held by Non-U.S. entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, and are marked as " noncovered". Securities marked as "covered', were identified as securities potentially 
subject to the cost basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRS on form 1099-B for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 1099B, the cost 
basis will not be reported to the IRS. 
Account Number.
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 3 of 
Go paperless 
ARt 0401.0t.C4IIVIttf 
Rated ntefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELl DKE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly awed 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Make 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PtiShra LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082988 
SDNY_GM_00229172 
EFTA01383293

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383294.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures 
Pricing 
This section includesthe net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions. at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices. unless otherwise noted. have been obtained from independent vendor services. which we believe to be reliable Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for which a price is not available are marked "NJ A" and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PRICE DATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THE PRICE DATE DOES NOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable, however, no assurance can be made asto the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities. interest and dividend rates. and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income. or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution. information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Option Disclosure 
Information with respect to commissions and other charges incurred in connection with the execution of option transactions has been included in confirmations previously furnished 
to you. A summary of this information is available to you promptly upon your written request directed to your introducing firm. In order to assist your introducing firm in maintaining 
current background and financial information concerning your option accounts, please promptly advise them in writing of any material change in your investment objectives or 
financial situation. Expiring options which are valuable are exercised automatically pursuant to the exercise by exception procedure of the Options Clearing Corporation. Additional 
information regarding this procedure is available upon written request to your introducing firm. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day. increased by up to 1%. unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Messages 
Please note the following information for Pershing's 2018 IRSForm 1099 (B. DIV, INT, M ISC and OID) Your Form 1099 will be delivered as early as possible, beginning January 31. 
2019. By February 15. you will be mailed either your Form 1099 or a special Pending 1099 Notice The Pending 1099 Notice will be sent if we have not received and processed final 
information from issuers and trustees of securities that you hold by the as of date of the February 15 1099 mailing. You will also be sent the notice if your information is still being 
reviewed and finalized. The notice will inform you of the securities that are pending final reporting and provides the anticipated mail date of your 1099. Your 1099 will be mailed no 
Page 4 of 8 
Account Number: NIG-014950 
4: 0043,1:::76 
Go paperless 
MX MOUT t.DIIIVOrf 4 
RAW btellent 
Every Yes Since 2007 
OµOAR RATIO COMMUNICATOM 
EXCELLENCE 
Outs through Penhins LLC.• %Molly milled 
sulniSmy of The Book of New York Mellon 
Comer/Wan (WY Mallon) 
Rushee; LLC. mernbce flt4RA NY,_ 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082989 
SDNY_GM_00229173 
EFTA01383294

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383295.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
M essages {continued) 
December 1, 2018 - December 31,2018 
J EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS 
later than M arch 15, 2019. 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10 6-10(6)(1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Activity Summary jilt; amounts snoedi atom DLe .orenc,) 
Securities 
Credits This Period 
Debits This Period 
Net This Period 
Credits Year4o.Date  
Debits Year-to-Date 
Net Yea-to-Date 
Securities Sold 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
289,173.78 
000 
289,173.78 
Total Securities 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$000 
$289,173.78 
$0.00 
$289,173.78 
Dividends and Interest 
$19 55 
$0.00 
$19 55 
$8.996.31 
$0.00 
$8.996.31 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
4.821.40 
821 40 
00 
-301,821.40 
-301,821.40 
Total Cash 
$0.00 
-$6.821.40 
46.821 40 
$0 .00 
4301,821.40 
4301.821.40 
Totals 
$19.55 
46.821 40 
801 85 
$298.170.09 
4301,821.40 
651 31 
Transact 
by Type 
Acti‘. 
ons 
o' 
ity 
Procne/ 
Settlement 
Date 
Activity Type 
Description 
Dividends and Interest 
12131/18 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
INCOME RECBVED 
PER232045 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
CASH AC TR DWS GOVT 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
12118/18 
FEDERAL FUNDSSENT 
LISD999997 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits - U.S. DOLLARS 
&MORGAN CHASE BANK, 
Account Number' 
A: tre-Ctil: ;:r 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Quantity 
Price 
Accrued 'Meted 
Amount Curing 
19.55 
USD 
Go paperless 
ASX•41Xil l.1:411VtitY 
0.00 
19.55 
4,821 40 
USD 
0.00 
-6,821 40 
Page5ofS 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Meech Penabos UM. • wholly awed 
subsidiary of The Bakal Ni. Yort Make 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082990 
SDNY_GM_00229174 
EFTA01383295

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383296.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Process 
Settlement 
Date 
Activity Type 
Description 
Total Value of Transactions 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded 
Client Service Information 
Your Investment Specialist ZEN 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 10154 
Quantity 
Price 
Accrued Interest 
Amount Canny 
0.00 
4.801.85 
USD 
Canted Information 
Telephone Number: (2 t2 ) 250-0432 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION M ETHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types' 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount in income annually: 
No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
You have not selected any account communications for electronic delivery. To register and turn off paper communications, log in to your account or contact your Investment 
Specialist for more information. 
Important Information and Disclosures 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws. regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and. in certain instances. execution of securities orders. the assessment of the suitability of those transactions. where applicable. the rendering of investment advice. 
Account Number: 
notterm:a2s 
Go papetiess 
AiX MOUE t.011ivtorr 4 
RAW haollent 
Every Yew Since 2007 
OALOAR RATED COMMUNICATONT 
EXCELLENCE 
Page 3 of 3 
Clutits Dead. Prams tIC.• wkdly swine 
sublidiary of The an  al New York Mellon 
Corporation (SNY Mellon) 
Perstnt LLC. inesnber fIURA NY5. 5'.^' 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0082991 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229175 
EFTA01383296

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383297.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
mportant Information and D SC OSJ'ES (continued) 
December 1, 2018 - December 31,2018 
J EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS 
The Role of Pershing (continued) 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.com/ about/ strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class w ho has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. 
Page 7 of S 
Account Number: N46-024950 
4:0 tr..43,1:,:.26 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
ASR odtOu7 t.teuvter 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly road 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mak. 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082992 
SDNY_GM_00229176 
EFTA01383297

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383298.pdf
----------------------------------------
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
TRANSACTIONS 
• ALL ORDERS AND TRANSACTIONS SHALL SE SOLELY FOR YOUR ACCOUNT AND RISK SHALL BE 
SUBJECT TO THE CONSTITUTION, RULES, REGULATIONS. CUSTOMS. USAGES. RULINGS AND 
INTERPRETATIONS OF THE EXCHANGE OR MARKET AND THE CLEARING FACILITY. IF ANY. WHERE 
THE TRANSACTIONS ARE EXECUTED ANDIOR SETTLED. OR IF APPLICABLE, OF THE FINANCIAL 
INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY AND TO ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. 
• TITLE TO SECURITIES SOLD TO YOU. WHERE PERSHING HAS ACTED AS PRINCIPAL, SHALL REMAIN 
WITH PERSHING UNTIL THE ENTIRE PURCHASE PRICE IS RECEIVED OR UNTIL THE SETTLEMENT 
DATE. WHICHEVER IS LATER. 
• YOU MAY HAVE RECEIVED CONFIRMATIONS FOR TRANSACTIONS WHICH DO NOT APPEAR ON YOUR 
STATEMENT. IF SO. THE TRANSACTIONS WILL APPEAR ON YOUR NEXT PERIODIC STATEMENT. SUCH 
TRANSACTIONS MUST BE CONSIDERED BY YOU WHEN COMPUTING THE VALUE OF YOUR ACCOUNT. 
THIS IS ESPECIALLY TRUE F YOU HAVE WRITTEN OPTIONS WHICH HAVE BEEN EXERCISED. 
FREE CREDIT BALANCES: ANY FREE CREDIT BALANCE CARRIED FOR YOUR ACCOUNT REPRESENTS 
FUNDS PAYABLE UPON DEMAND WHICH, ALTHOUGH PROPERLY ACCOUNTED FOR ON PERSHING'S 
BOOKS OF RECORD. ARE NOT SEGREGATED AND MAY BE USED IN THE CONDUCT OF ITS BUSINESS. 
DEBIT BALANCES: INTEREST CHARGED ON DEBIT BALANCES IN YOUR ACCOUNT APPEARS ON THE 
STATEMENT. THE RATE OF INTEREST AND PERIOD COVERED ARE INDICATED. THE RATE MAY CHANGE 
FROM TIME TO T:ME DUE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN MONEY RATES OR OTHER REASONS. INTEREST IS 
COMPUTED AS DESCRIBED IN MATERIAL PREVIOUSLY FURNISHED TO YOU. PLEASE CONTACT YOUR 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION IF YOU DESIRE ADDITIONAL COPIES. 
MARGIN INFORMATION: F YOU MAINTAIN A MARGIN ACCOUNT. THIS IS A COMBINED STATEMENT OF 
YOUR GENERAL ACCOUNT AND A SPECIAL MEMORANDUM ACCOUNT MAINTAINED FOR YOU UNDER 
REGULATION T OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. THE PERMANENT 
RECORD OF THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT AS REQUIRED BY REGULATION T IS AVALABLE FOR YOUR 
NSPECTION UPON REQUEST. 
TAX INFORMATION 
• AFTER YEAR END. PERSHING IS REQUIRED TO PROVIDE TAX INFORMATION TO THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE SERVICE AND OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. AT THAT TIME PERSHING WILL 
PROVIDE THAT INFORMATION ON THE ANNUAL TAX INFORMATION STATEMENT TO YOU: USE THAT 
STATEMENT TO PREPARE YOUR TAX FLINGS. THE TAX STATEMENT ALSO INCLUDES OTHER USEFUL 
INFORMATION TO ASSIST IN ACCUMULATING THE DATA TO PREPARE YOUR TAX RETURNS. 
• DIVIDENDS. INTEREST AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS SHOWN ON THIS STATEMENT WERE CLASSFIED 
AS TAXABLE OR NONTAXABLE BASED ON CERTAIN INFORMATION KNOWN AS OF THE DISTRIBUTION 
DATE. THIS CLASSFICATION IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND IS SOLELY INTENDED FOR USE AS 
GENERAL INFORMATION. 
• PERSHING DOES NOT PROVIDE TAX. INVESTMENT OR LEGAL ADVISORY SERVICES AND NO ONE 
ASSOCIATED WITH PERSHING IS AUTHORIZED TO RENDER SUCH ADVICE. DO NOT RELY UPON ANY 
SUCH ADVICE. IF GIVEN. INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS TO 
DETERMiNE THE APPROPRIATE TAX TREATMENT OF THEIR BUSINESS. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
• WHENEVER YOU ARE INDEBTED TO PERSHING LLC ("PERSHING') FOR ANY AMOUNT, ALL SECURITIES 
HELD BY IT FOR YOU IN ANY ACCOUNT IN WHICH YOU HAVE ANY INTEREST SHALL SECURE ALL YOUR 
LIABILITIES TO PERSHING. AND PERSHING MAY IN ITS DISCRETION AT ANY TIME. WITHOUT TENDER. 
DEMAND OR NOTICE TO YOU, CLOSE OR REDUCE ANY OR ALL OF YOUR ACCOUNTS BY PUBLIC OR 
PRIVATE SALE OR PURCHASE OR BOTH OF ALL OR ANY SECURITIES CARRIED IN SUCH ACCOUNTS: 
ANY BALANCE REMAINING DUE PERSHING TO BE PROMPTLY PAID BY YOU. 
• WHENEVER YOU ARE INDEBTED TO PERSHING FOR ANY AMOUNT, ALL SECURITIES CARRIED FOR 
YOUR ACCOUNT ARE OR MAY BE, WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE TO YOU. LOANED OR PLEDGED BY 
PERSHING, EITHER SEPARATELY OR UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH WILL PERMIT THE 
COMMINGLING THEREOF, WITH OTHER SECURITIES FOR ANY AMOUNT LESS THAN. EQUAL TO OR 
GREATER THAN YOUR UABILMES TO PERSHING. BUT NOT UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES FOR AN AMOUNT 
PROHIBITED BY LAW. 
IF ANY OF THE MOVE TERMS ANO CONDITIONS ARE UNACCEPTABLE 70 YOU 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
• PERSHING MAY TRADE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AS A MARKET MAKER. SPECIALIST. ODD LOT DEALER. 
BLOCK POSITIONER. ARBITRAGEUR OR INVESTOR. CONSEQUENTLY. AT THE TIME OF ANY 
TRANSACTION YOU MAY MAKE, PERSHNG MAY HAVE A POSITION IN SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH 
POSITION MAY BE PARTIALLY OR COMPLETELY HEDGED. 
• IF AVERAGE PRICE TRANSACTION IS INDICATED ON THE FRONT OF THIS STATEMENT YOUR 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION OR PERSHING MAY HAVE ACTED AS PRINCIPAL. AGENT OR BOTH. DETALS 
AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST. 
• A FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF PERSHING IS AVAILABLE FOR YOUR PERSONAL INSPECTION AT 
PERSHING'S OFFICES. A COPY OF IT WILL BE MAILED UPON YOUR WRITTEN REQUEST OR YOU CAN 
VIEW IT ONLINE AT WWW.PERSHING.COM. 
• FOR BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES: WWW.PERSHING.CONVDISCLOSURES. 
• THIS STATEMENT SHOULD BE RETAINED FOR YOUR RECORDS. 
PAYMENT FOR ORDER FLOW AND ORDER ROUTING POLICIES DISCLOSURES (REGULATION NMS-
RULE 607(A)(1)-(2)) 
PERSHING SENDS CERTAIN EQUITY ORDERS TO EXCHANGES, ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION 
NETWORKS, OR BROKER-DEALERS DURING NORMAL BUSINESS HOURS AND DURING EXTENDED 
TRADING SESSIONS. CERTAIN OF THESE VENUES PROVIDE PAYMENTS TO PERSHING OR CHARGE 
ACCESS FEES TO PERSHING DEPENDING UPON THE CHARACTERISTICS OF THE ORDER AND ANY 
SUBSEQUENT EXECUTION. THE DETALS OF THESE PAYMENTS AND FEES ARE AVAILABLE UPON 
WRITTEN REQUEST. PERSHING REGENTS PAYMENTS FOR DIRECTING LISTED OPTIONS ORDER FLOW 
TO CERTAIN OPTION EXCHANGES. IN ADDITION. PERSHING ROUTES CERTAIN EQUITY AND OPTION 
ORDERS TO ITS AFFILIATE. BNY MELLON CAPITAL MARKETS. LLC, FOR EXECUTION AS PRINCIPAL. 
COMPENSATION IS GENERALLY IN THE FORM OF A PER OPTION CONTRACT CASH PAYMENT. 
BEST EXECUTION: NOTWITHSTANDING THE PREVIOUS PARAGRAPH REGARDING PAYMENT FOR ORDER 
FLOW. PERSHING SELECTS CERTAIN MARKET CENTERS TO PROVIDE EXECUTION OF OVER-THE-
COUNTER AND EXCHANGE-LISTED SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS WHICH AGREE TO ACCEPT ORDERS. 
TRANSMITTED ELECTRONICALLY UP TO A SPECIFIED SIZE. AND TO EXECUTE THEM AT OR BETTER THAN 
THE NATIONAL BEST BID OR OFFER (NBBO). ON CERTAIN LARGER ORDERS, OR F THE DESIGNATED 
MARKET CENTERS DO NOT MAKE A MARKET IN THE SUBJECT SECURITY. PERSHING DIRECTLY 
CONTACTS MARKET CENTERS TO OBTAIN AN EXECUTION. THE DESIGNATED MARKET CENTERS TO 
WHICH ORDERS ARE AUTOMATICALLY ROUTED ARE SELECTED BASED ON THE CONSISTENT HIGH 
QUALITY OF THEIR EXECUTIONS IN ONE OR MORE MARKET SEGMENTS AND THEIR ABLITY TO PROVIDE 
OPPORTUNITIES FOR EXECUTIONS AT PRICES SUPERIOR TO THE NBBO. PERSHING ALSO REGULARLY 
REVIEWS REPORTS FOR QUALITY OF EXECUTION PURPOSES. 
EASE NOTIFYPERS-NIG IMMEDIATELY IH WRITING BY GUITAR) AWL TO ONE PERSHING PLAZA. JERSEY CRY. NJ 07399. ATTN LEGAL DEPT 
Page 8 o18 
Account Number N46-024950 
Amtitin»), 
Go paperless 
way, MINIM' 4 
Raid [Holism 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIO COMMUNICATIONS 
EXCE LIDICE 
Outs *nosh PsnMos ESC. • wholly nood 
sublASNy al The Bak °Maw YHA Mince 
Comentlan (WY MOHO 
Padat LLC. motto( ANSA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082993 
SDNY_GM_00229177 
EFTA01383298

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383299.pdf
----------------------------------------
151 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
D•ul 3:03 tank Immo Ve011. Maanorntel 
1•44.1% 031•••i* (mown 
Devlicte Rank 13-3epee$113. 
New I(°. Office 
143 Pea Annum. nth Hoot 
New Wtt. NY 10114 
loll I re• /666111101 
IX,Nc 310 1145 51131 
THE HAZE TRUST 
UAD 02/09/ 99 
February 1, 2019 - February 28, 2019 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN i% 
Account Number: 
DARREN K IN DYKE TTEES 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
Pcilo 
G:ance 
oat a 
 ThIsPerlod 
Veavao-Date 
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$14,354,547.04 
519,758,141.88 
MARTIN 
AN 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
4,114,207.73 
40,112,637.45 
Net Securities In/Out of Account 
_70.204x630.00  
0.204.630.00
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
35,709.31 
•561,125.57 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
35,530.69 
79,955.57 
Net Chan t e in Portfolio' 
.71,240.00 
481,170.00 
Estimated Anneal Income 
512,942.78 
'Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
Percent 
Asset Tyre 
Prior Year-Bid 
Last Period 
This Period 
0% 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
10,032,681.88 
4,078,671.04 
0.00 
0% 
Fixed Income 
2,130,300.00 
2,172,960.00 
0.00 
0%  
Equities
7,593,160.00
8,102,910.00  
0.00
0% 
Account Total 
$19,756,141 88 
$14,354,547.04 
$0.00 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist.
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced • negative interest rates' Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 10 99 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
Page tot 7 
At 02e5M32.0 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
AIX AtOUT t.CCIVOIY 4 
Rated Excellent 
(my Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELLENCE 
Marts through PentaboOLC. • wholly and 
subsiSin of The BIS al Ni. V.4 Mellen 
Comoration (INY Male.) 
PtiSfat LLC. motto( MLR& NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082994 
SDNY_GM_00229178 
EFTA01383299

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383300.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383300.pdf
----------------------------------------
Money Market Fund Detail 
DN. 
Activity Type  
Sweep Money Market Fund 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT & AG INSTL 
Current Yield: 2.31% Activity Ending: 0 2/15/ 19 
Description 
  Amount 
 Balance
02101/19 
Opening Balance 
4,078,677.04 
4,078,677.04 
02107/19 
Withdrawal 
MONEY FUND REDEM PTION 
4,078,617.04 
0.00 
02/07/19 
Withdrawal 
SHARES REDEEMED 
-1,551.68 
-1,551.68 
02107/19 
Deposit 
ACCRUED DIVIDEND CREDIT 
1,551.68 
0.00 
02115/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
133,435.60 
133,435.60 
02119119 
Withdrawal 
MONEY FUND REDEMPTION 
-133,435.60 
0.00 
02/19/19 
Withdrawal 
SHARES REDEEM ED 
-33.66 
-33.66 
02119/19 
Deposit 
ACCRUED DIVIDEND CREDIT 
 33.66 
0.00 
02/15/19 
u  Closing.Balance  
$0.00 
Total All Money Market Funds 
80.00 
IllE=111 
Dividend Income 
Current Period 
Tearable 
Non Taxable  
YeaMo•DNe 
Taxable 
Non Toth 
Equities 
33,945.35 
0.00 
33,945.35 
0.00 
IA oney M arket 
1,585.34 
0.00 
12,942.78 
0.00 
Other Dividends  
0.00 
0.00 
087 44 
0.00
Total Dividends, Interest, Income and Expenses 
535,530.89 
50.00 
579,955.57 
$0.00 
Description 
Ouantily 
Openrg 
3alarce 
C1c.sirr., 
3aIrce 
.,trued 
irorne 
r.sDre 
This 
-Car 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 0.00% of Portfolio 
Money Market 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT It AG INSTL 
4,078,677.04  
0.00  
0.00 
12,942.78 
2.31% 
Total  Money Market 
34,078,877.04 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$12,942.78 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS 
$4.078.677.04 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$12,942.78 
Page 2 of 7 
Account Number:NIG-014943 
roc2remos 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Meech Penabos UM. a wholly road 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Ye.* Melba 
Comer/Mon (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0082995 
SDNY_GM_00229179 
EFTA01383300

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383301.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383301.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
February 1, 2019 - February 28,20 t9 
THE HA ZE TRUST 
Markel Value 
Acaued 
Estimated 
Interest 
Annual Income 
$0.00 
$12,942.78 
Total Portfolio Holdings 
Portfolio Holdings Disc ost 
$0.00 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions. at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for w hich a price is not available are marked "NU 
and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PPICEDATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THEPRICEDATEDOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day. increased by up to 1%, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Page 3 of 7 
Account Number: N 
amita-roe 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
A.SX rdt007 t.DeuvIre 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. R wholly *ad 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Megan 
Comeration OM Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082996 
SDNY_GM_00229180 
EFTA01383301

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383302.pdf
----------------------------------------
Messages 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1 per share. it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10 b-10( b)( 1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Activity Summary A•B 
Securities 
CreditsThisPeriod 
Debits This Period 
Net This Period 
Severities Withdrawn 
0.00 
.10.201.639.00 
-10,204.630.00 
Total Securities 
$0.00 
-$10.204.630.00 
410.204.630.00 
Dividends and Interest 
$35.530.69 
$0.00 
$35.530.69 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
-4.247.643.33 
-4.247.643.33 
Deposits 
133.435.60 
0.00 
133,435.60 
Total Cash 
$133,435.60 
44,247,643.33 
44.114.207.73 
Totals 
$168.966 29 
414,452,273.33 
414,283,307 04 
Transactions by Type of Actn,rty 
Process; 
Seitkment 
Dale 
Adivity Type 
CreditaYeat-toiDde 
Debits Year4o-Dde 
Net Year-toil:4e 
Desaiption 
Quantity 
0.00 
40.204.630.00 
.10.201.639.00 
$0.00 
410.204.630.00 
-$10.204.630.00 
$79,955.57 
$0.00 
$79 955 57 
0.00 
-10,247.643.33 
-10.247.643.33 
135,005 88 
0.00 
135.005 88 
$135,005.88 
410,217,643.33 
410,112,637.45 
$214,961.45 
420,452,273.33 
420,237 311.88 
Price 
Armed Interest 
Amount Owenby 
Securities Withdrawals and Deposits 
02107/19 
CUSTOM ER AUTHORIZED 
ALPHABET INC CAP STK CI C TRANS TO NIG-023804 
-3.000.000 
-3.296,130 00 
US0 
TRANSFER 
GOOD 
02107/19 
CUSTOM ER AUTHORIZED 
CARVANA CO CI A TRANS TO N46-023804 
-25,000.000 
-825.50000 
USD 
TRANSFER 
CVNA 
02107/19 
CUSTOM ER AUTHORIZED 
OTIGROUP INC DEP SHS REPSTG11300TH PFD SER K DIV 
-79.000.000 
•2.101.400.00 
USD 
TRANSFER 
6875% PERPETUAL MATT PERPETUAL CALL 1/ 5123'22500 
C PRK 
TRANS TO N46-023804 
02107/19 
CUSTOM ER AUTHORIZED 
PMORGAN CHASE 8 CO DEP SHS REPSTG 113TH PFD SERI 
-2,160,000.000 
-2.170,800.00 
USD 
TRANSFER 
AXED TO FLTG RT BD 5990% 01/23158 8107004/23/08 CIS 
46625HHA1 
TRANS TO N46-023804 
02107/19 
CUSTOM ER AUTHORIZED 
UNITED TECHNOLOGIESCORP COM TRANS TO N4G-023804 
-15.000.000 
•1.810,800.00 
USD 
TRANSFER 
UIX 
Total Securities Withdrawals and Deposits - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
-10,204,630.00 
Account Number: NU 
A: 021g13:3 
Go papetiess 
Aix Atari t.iXtivtor 4 
Rated btellent 
Every Yea Since 2007 
OµOAR RATIO COMMUNICATOM 
Mat DICE 
Page 4 of 7 
Cleats Ovaugh Prams tIC..• drolly steed 
sublidiary of The In or New York Mellon 
Corporation (lINY Mellon) 
Persrws LLC. onesnber f 114RA. NY≤. S PC 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0082997 
SDNY_GM_00229181 
EFTA01383302

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383303.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Process 
Settlement 
Dale 
Activity Type 
Dividends and Interest 
02107119 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
INCOME RECEIVED 
PER232045 
02115/19 
CASH DIVIDEND RECBVED 
C PRK 
02119119 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
INCOME RECBVED 
PER232045 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
02(07/19 
CUSTOMER AUTHORIZED 
TRANSFER 
USD999997 
02114/19 
FEDERAL FUNDSRECOVED 
US0999997 
02(19/19 
FEDERAL FUNDSSENT 
US0999997 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits - U.S. DOUARS 
February 1, 2019 - February 28,2019 
THE HAZE TRUST 
Ductiption 
CASH AC TR CMS GOVT 8 AGENCY INSTL INCOME REDEEM EC 
79000 SHRSCITIGROUP INC DEP SHS REPSTG 14000TH PFD 
SER K DIV 8.875% PERPETUAL MATT PERPETUAL CALI. 
WE/23°25.00 R002/01P00216/11 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT 8 AGENCY INSTL INCOME REDEEM ED 
TRANS TO N4G-023804 
HS8C BANK USA. NATIO 39136 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
Total Value of Transactions 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded. 
Quantity 
Price 
Accrued Intuit 
Amount Currency 
1,551.68 
USD 
33,945.35 
USD 
33.66 
USD 
0.00 
35.530.69 
4,080,228.72 
USD 
133,435.60 
USD 
•167414.61 
USD 
00 
-4 114,201.73 
0.00 
-14.283.307.04 
USD 
Your Investment SDedaliM.ZEM 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 10154 
Contact Information 
Telephone Number: 
Account Number: 
A; 024 6C13: :6 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 5 of 7 
Go paperless 
ASX ertOuc t.tetivter 
Rated beldam 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELLENCE 
Cleats three* Penabet U.C. • wholly awed 
subsifurey of The BIS al Ni. Wet Make 
Corporation (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. member AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0082998 
SDNY_GM_00229182 
EFTA01383303

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383304.pdf
----------------------------------------
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount  in income annuetly;  
No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
O Statements and Reports 
O 
Trade Confirmations 
O 
Tax Documents 
C
O
Notifications 
O 
Prospectus 
• 
Proxy/Sbarehokler Communications 
You have not enrolled any of the above documents for electronic delivery Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences 
Important Information and Disclosure: 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.coml about! strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
Page 6 of 7 
Account Number: N 
intremos 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paper less 
way, MINIM' 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR n•ayh Penabos UM. • wholly road 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Melba 
Comeration OM Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE St?C 
DB-SDNY-0082999 
SDNY_GM_00229183 
EFTA01383304

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383305.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Important Information and Disclosures (continued) 
February 1, 2019 - February 28,2019 
THE HA ZE TRUST 
The Role of Pershing (continued) 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department. 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time lim its for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
( Ill) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department. One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. 
Page 7 of 7 
Account Number:NIG-014943 
nctremes 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
ASX•41Xil l.1:411VtitY 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR I rough Penabos UM. • wholly *ad 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mellon 
Comeration OM Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083000 
SDNY_GM_00229184 
EFTA01383305

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383306.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383306.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
whe Oink erode MV n6 Maddretd 
melee t000det Wan 
Devecto Rant 
oxlet
Nee dd. Odd 
143 Pea Anne. nth Floor 
New Wtt. NY 10114 
loll free 166611'3503 
Cited 310 $45 5541 
THE HAZE T RUST 
UAD 02/09/ 99 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN & 
Account Number: N4G-024943 
DARREN K IN DYKE TTEES 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
Pry: to 
Glance 
oat a 
ThisPedod 
Year-lo-Dale
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$19,756,141.88 
$19.756 141 88 
M ARTIN ZEMAN 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
4,998,429.72 
4,99842972 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
13,757,712.16 
13,157,712.16 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
44,424.88 
44.424 88 
Net Change in Portfolio' 
552.410 00 
552,410.00 
Awned Inlerest 
$359.42 
Estimated Annual Income 
$320,630.96 
• 
'Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value alter activity. 
Percent 
28% 
ED 15% 
57% 
100% 
Asset Type 
Flier Yen-End 
Lap Period 
This Period 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
10,032,681.88 
10,032,681.88 
4,076,677.04 
Fixed Income 
2,130,300.00 
2,130,300.00 
2,172,960.00 
  Equities 
7,593 160.00 
593 160 00 
8,102,910.00 
Account Total (Pie Chart) 
$19,756,141.88 
$19,756,141.88 
$14,354,547.04 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
110031C911221 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MX MOUT 1.0110111Y 
Page'. of 
Redd Extolled 
Emy Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELIDICE 
Cleats through Pen•bet UM • wholly est 
subsifuey of The ease al Ni. Wet Make 
Comer/Mon (WY Mellen) 
Ptidere LLC. member AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083001 
SDNY_GM_00229185 
EFTA01383306

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383307.pdf
----------------------------------------
Summary of Gains and Losses 
Realized 
This Period 
Year1o•Date 
Unrealized
Short-Term Gain! Loss 
00 
0.00 
-258,679.37 
Long-Term Gain/ Loss 
0.00 
0.00 
845.09 
Net Gain/ Loss 
0.00 
0.00 
-323,524.46 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis information is not available. 
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced' negative interest rates° . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 1399 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
Money Market Fund Detail 
DMe 
Activity Type 
Sweep Money Market Fund 
CASH AC TRDWSGOVT & AG INSTL 
Current Yield: 2.30% Activity Ending: 0Y 31/ 19 
Description 
Amount 
Balance 
01/01/19 
Opening Balance 
10,032,681.88 
10,032,681.88 
01/10/19 
W ithdrawal 
MONEY FUND REDEMPTION 
4,000,000.00 
4,032,681.88 
01114/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
1,579.28 
4,034,252.16 
01/31119 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
33,067.44 
4,087,319.60 
01131/19 
Dsposit
INCOM EREINVEST
;1 078 67.1.04 
01/31119 
Closing Balance 
_11,35.7.44 
54,018,677.04 
Total All Money Market Funds 
54,078,677.04 
ncome and Apen se Si nmd. 
Omni Period 
Yeepto•Date 
Taxable 
Non Taxable  
Taxette 
 Non Taxable 
Dividend Income 
Money Market 
11.357 44 
0.00 
11,357.44 
0.00 
Other Dividends 
067.44 
0.00 
33,967 14 
00 
Total Dividends. Interest. Income and Expenses 
544 424.88 
$0.00 
$44,424.88 
$0.00 
Page 2 of 9 
Amount bomber 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly road 
sbtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yore Menai 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083002 
SDNY_GM_00229 186 
EFTA01383307

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383308.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383308.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings 
Opening Dd. 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 28.00% of Portfolio 
Money Market 
CASH AC TR DWS GUT 8 AG INSTL 
01101119 
4,078,677.040 
WA 
01131119 
10,032,681.88  
4,078,677.04 
0.00 
1135794 
Total Money Market 
$10,032,681.88 
$4,078,677.04 
$0.00 
$11,357.44 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
$10,032,681.88 
$4,078,677.04 
$0.00 
511,357.44 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
THE HA ZE TRUST 
Account 
AdMity 
Opening 
Closing 
Accrued 
Income 
30-Day 
Current 
Quantity 
Number 
Ending 
Below 
Balance 
Income 
IbleYeat 
Yield 
Yield 
Dale Acquired 
FIXED I N COM E 15.00% of Portfolio (In Maturity Date Sequence) 
Corporate Bonds 
PM ORGAN CHASE 8 CO DEP SHS REPSTG 
Security Identifier: 46625HHA1 
113TH PR) SER 1FIXED TO MG RT BD 
5.990% 04/23)58 B/E DTD 04123l08M oody Rating Baa3 S 8 P 
Rating 811B. 
05110/11 . -3,12 
2,160,000.000 
110.8680 
2,394,740.98 
100.6000 
2.172.960 00 
-221.780 98 
359.42 
129,392.20 
5.95% 
Original Cost Basis:92403130.00 
Total Corporate Bonds 
$2,394,740.98 
$2,172,960.00 
-5221.780.98 
$359.42 
$129,392.20 
2,160,000.000 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
$2,394,740.98 
$2,172,980.00 
4221,780.98 
$359.42 
$129,392.20 
2,160,000.000 
2.30% 
2.30% 
Adjusted 
Unrealized 
Accrued 
Estimated Estimated 
Quantity 
Unit Cast 
Cod Bass 
Motet Price 
Matti Value 
0alnitoss 
Interest 
Annual Income 
Yield 
Dole Acquired 
 Oumitity 
EQUITIES 57 0 0% of Portfolio 
Common Stocks 
Unit Cod 
Cost Bans 
Market Price 
Market Value  
linredized 
Gondlose  
Edirnated Edimeted 
 Annul Income 
Yield 
ALPHABET INC CAP STK CL C 
Security Identifier= 
Dividend Galion: Cash 
CUSP. 
12/05117 
1,000.000 
1,014.0150 
1,014,015.20 
1,116.3700 
1.116.369 99 
102,354.79 
02102118 
1,000.000 
1,116.1660 
1,116,166.00 
1,116.3700 
1.116.369 99 
203.99 
02105/18 
1.000.000 
1,106.0070 
1,106,006.80 
1,116.3700 
116 370 02 
10,363.22 
Total Covered 
3,000.000 
3,236,188.00 
3,349,110 00 
112,922.00 
Total 
3.000.000 
53,236,188.00 
$3,349,110.00 
$112,922.00 
$0.00 
Amount Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
AIX 04OUT 
Page 3 of 9 
Rated Excellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
OµRAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELLENCE 
Cleats Meech Penabet U.C. • wholly *ad 
subtle:run of The BIS al Ni. Wet Make 
Corporation (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat U.C. mutter AURA. NYSE S1PC 
DB-SDNY-0083003 
SDNY_GM_00229187 
EFTA01383308

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383309.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
Date Acquired  
Quantity 
Unit Cost 
EQUITIES (continued) 
Common Stocks (continued) 
C,ARVANA CO CL A 
Dividend Option. Cash 
Cost Bads 
Market Price 
Security Identifier: CVNA 
CUSP. 146869132 
Market Value 
Unrealised 
Cdinloss 
Estimated Estimated 
Annual Income 
Yield 
06118/18 
2.500.000 
42.7900 
106.975.00 
37.1500 
92.875.00 
-14.100.00 
06118/18 
5,000.000 
44.3400 
221,699.15 
37.1500 
185,750.00 
45,949.15 
06118/18 
5.000 000 
0400 
220.200 00 
37.1500 
185.750 00 
44,450.00 
06118118 
2.500 000 
43.5400 
108,850 00 
37.1500 
92.875.00 
-15.975.00 
06119/18 
2,500 000 
42.6740 
106.686 00 
37.1500 
92,875.00 
-13.811.00 
06119118 
2.500 000 
0850 
107,712 93 
37.1500 
92.875.00 
-14,837 93 
06119118 
2.500 000 
7520 
106.879 20 
37.1500 
92.875.00 
-14.004 20 
06119118 
2,500 000 
8400 
107,100 00 
37.1500 
92,875.00 
-14,225 00 
Total Covered 
25,000.000 
1,086,102 26 
928,750.00 
-157,352.28 
Total 
25,000.000 
$1,086,102.28 
5928,750.00 
4157,352.28 
$0.00 
UNITED TECHNOLOGIESCORP COM 
Security Identifier: UTX 
Dividend Option: Cash 
CUSIP.913017139 
06120/18 
 15.000.000 
125 5300 
1.882.944 30 
118 0700 
1.771.050.00 
-111,894.30 
44.100 00 
249% 
Total Common Stocks 
56,205,234.58 
56,048,910.00 
4156,324.58 
$44,100.00 
Preferred Stocks (Listed by expiration date) 
CITIGROUP INC DEP SHS REPSTG ft 00TH 
Security Identifier: C PRK 
PFD SER K DIV 6.875% PERPETUAL NOV 
CUSP. 172967341 
PERPETUAL CALL tr6/23°25.00 
Dividend Option: Cash 
02103/14 
79,000.000 
25.3090 
1,999,418.90 
26.0000 
2,054,000.00 
54,581 10 
135,781.32 
6.61% 
Total  Preferred Stocks 
$1,999,418.90 
$2,054,000.00  
$54,581.10  
  $135,781.32 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
$8,204,653.46 
$8,102.910.00 
4101.743.48 
$179,881.32 
Cost Basis 
Markel Value 
Unrealized 
Gainless 
Accrued 
Interest 
Estimated 
Annual Income 
Total Portfolio Holdings 
$14,678,071.50 
514,354,547.04 
4323,524.46 
5359.42 
$320.630.96 
Noncovered under the cost basis rules as defined below. 
Generally, securities acquired before 2011, in retirement accounts or held by Non-U.S. entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 20 0 8 and are marked as"noncovered". Securities marked as "covered*, were identified as securities potentially 
subject to the cost basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRSon form 1099.8 for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note. In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered However, if the account does not receive a 10998, the cost 
basis will not be reported to the IRS. 
Account fivmber 
kit 0 tt4r4 
Go papetiess 
Afx flout bOnivtorr 4 
Rated btellent 
Every Yea Since 2007 
OALOAR RATIO COMMUNICATOM 
Mat DICE 
Page 4 of 9 
Clutts Ovaugh Prams tIC..• wkdle seated 
sublidiary of The In al New York Mellon 
Corporation (lINY Mellon) 
Pewits LLC. onesnber f 114RA, NYC-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083004 
SDNY_GM_00229188 
EFTA01383309

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383310.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383310.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
THE HA ZE TRUST 
Cost Basis on fixed income securities may be adjusted for amortization, accretion, original issue discount adjustments. or principal paydowns. The calculation is based upon the 
taxpayer election type of fixed income security. and certain attributes, obtained from sources believed to be reliable. In the event. one or more of these attributes is changed, there may 
be a temporary incorrect adjusted cost basis reflected until the cost basis system is amended to reflect this change. These calculations will not be performed under certain 
circumstances, including those involving foreign bonds, bonds sold short or bonds issued with less than one year to maturity This information is meant as a general guide and you 
should consult your tax advisor in the preparation of your tax returns. 
The cost basis of this security has been provided to us by you or your introducing firm and Pershing makes no representation as to the accuracy of this information. 
Pershing has received updated cost basis information, therefore cost basis provided on previous client brokerage statements may differ from the new cost basis reported in this section. 
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services. which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for which a price is not available are marked "NI A" and are omitted from the Total, 
THEAS OF PRICEDATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THEPRICE DATE DOES NOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable: however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates. and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosuresfor specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions. Money Market Fund dividend income. Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution. information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Option Disclosure 
Information with respect to commissions and other charges incurred in connection with the execution of option transactions has been included in confirmations previously furnished 
to you. A summary of this information is available to you promptly upon your written request directed to your introducing firm. In order to assist your introducing firm in maintaining 
current background and financial information concerning your option accounts, please promptly advise them in writing of any material change in your investment objectives or 
financial situation. Expiring options which are valuable are exercised automatically pursuant to the exercise by exception procedure of the Options Clearing Corporation. Additional 
information regarding this procedure is available upon written request to your introducing firm 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Account Number: N 
A:0 061.CM21 
Go paperless 
Alx MOO t.OnivOn' 4 
Rated btellent 
Every Yew Since 2007 
OALOAR RATIO COMMUNICATOM 
EXCMENCE 
Page 5 of 9 
Clurq ihr."Ith Pinions tiC,• wholly ovawd 
sublidin el The Beal of New York Mellon 
Coryotation 
MAW 
Posiwg LLC. member 'MA. 
DB-SDNY-0083005 
SDNY_GM_00229189 
EFTA01383310

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383311.pdf
----------------------------------------
Port to o -o dings Disc osures (continued) 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal (or your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to '86, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Ratings 
This statement may contain credit rating information obtained from Standard & Poor's. Reproducing and distributing any information received from Standard & Poor's is not permitted 
without prior written authorization from Standard & Poor's. Standard & Poor's does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information. Standard & 
Poor's is not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause, or for the results of using such content. Standard & Poor's makes no express or implied warranties 
including warranties of merchantability or fitness (or a particular purpose. Standard & Poor's shall not be legally responsible for any fees, costs, expenses or losses in connection with 
the use of their content. Credit ratings are opinions and not statements of facts; are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities; and do not address suitability for 
investment purpose. Credit ratings should not be relied upon as investment advice. 
M essages 
Important Reminder for Pershing's 2018 IRSForm 1399 (B, DIV, INT, M ISC and 0ID): As a reminder, by February 15.2019, you will be mailed either your Form 1099 or a special 
Pending 1099 Notice. The Pending 1099 Notice will be sent if we have not received and processed final information from issuers and trustees of securities you hold by the as of date of 
the February 15 1099 mailing. You will also be sent the notice if your information is still being reviewed and finalized. The notice will inform you of the securities that are pending final 
reporting and provides the anticipated mail date of your 1399. Your 1399 will be mailed no later than M arch 15, 2019. 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at Viper share. it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10b-10(b)(1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Activity Summary 
amounts snowna m Pass 
CreditsTeaPeriod 
DebitsThisPeriod 
Net ThisPetio4 
OeditilYeer4o•Date 
DebileYeer4o•DMe 
Net Yeako•Date 
Dividends and Interest 
$44 424 88 
$0.00 
$44,424.88 
544 424 88 
SO 00 
$44,424.88 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
4,000,000.00 
4,000,000.00 
0.00 
-6 000.000 00 
4,000,000.00 
Deposits 
1.570 28 
0.00 
1,570.28 
570.28 
000 
1,570.28 
Total Cash 
$1 570 28 
46.000.000.00 
45,998,429.72 
lo 570 28 
-56.000 000 00 
45,998,429.72 
Totals 
$45 995 16 
000 000 00 
45,954,004.84 
$45 995 16 
46.000 000 00 
45,954,004.84 
Page 6 of 9 
Amount timber. 
atoostcreom 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
SNOUT 00ILACRY 
Rated Eitellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELLENCE 
Clearly threugh Penabet ICC. • wholly *ad 
stinkfurey of The Bakal Ni. Wet MSIea 
C000ration (MY Melon) 
Perserw LLC. member MM. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083006 
SDNY_GM_00229190 
EFTA01383311

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383312.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Transac€ions by Type of Activity 
Nome 
Settlement 
Dale 
Dividends and 
01130/19 
Activity Type 
Interest 
CASH DIVIDEND RECEIVED 
46625HHA1 
01131/19 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
INCOME RECEIVED 
PER232045 
Total Dividends and Interest - U S DOLLARS 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
01110/19 
FEDERAL FUNDSSENT 
LISD999997 
01111/19 
FEDERAL FUNDSRECEIVED 
US0999997 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits - U.S DOLLARS 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
THE HA ZE TRUST 
Description 
PM ORGAN CHASES CO OFF SHS REPSTGTZTH PFD SER 1 
5.990% 0023/58 BIE RD OT29 PD 0/301M INT PAID AT 6309 
260000 
CASH AC TR OWSGOVT 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
HS8C BANK USA. NATIO 40522 
Ouantity 
Price 
Accrued irlerest 
Amount Currency 
-2.160,000.000 
33,067 44 
USD 
t1,357.44 
USD 
0.00 
44,424.88 
-0,000,000.00 
USD 
1570.28 
USD 
Total Value of Transactions 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded. 
0.00 
-5 998 429 72 
Your Investment Specialist ZEN 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 10154 
0.00 
-5.954.004 84 
USD 
Contact Inhumation 
Telephone Number: (2 t2 ) 250.04 32 
Account Number NAG-014943 
A:cut:non 
Go paperless 
Mx mow bogunirr 4 
Rawl beellent 
bee Yew Since 2007 
°ALI.« WM COMMUNICATIONS 
EXCLUENCe 
Page of 
oust through Pen) na LLC. • wholly owned 
subsilmy el The Ihmk of New York Mellon 
Comoratloo (WY Mellon) 
Persewet LLC. menthe< RURA 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083007 
SDNY_GM_00229191 
EFTA01383312

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383313.pdf
----------------------------------------
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount  in income annuetly;  
No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
O Statements and Reports 
O 
Trade Confirmations 
O 
Tax Documents 
C
O
Notifications 
O 
Prospectus 
• 
Proxy/Sbarehokler Communications 
You have not enrolled any of the above documents for electronic delivery Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences 
Important Information and Disclosure: 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.coml about! strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
Page° of 9 
Account Number: N 
noostcrerm 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paper less 
way, MINIM' 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly road 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Menai 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083008 
SDNY_GM_00229192 
EFTA01383313

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383314.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Important Information and Disclosures (continued) 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
THE HA ZE TRUST 
The Role of Pershing (continued) 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department. 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time lim its for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department. One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. 
Account Number: N 
amotscruom 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MY MOUT t.1:41IVtitY 
Page g of 9 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
O4BAR IUEEOCORIMI,•EICA71ON5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly •wad 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Make 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083009 
SDNY_GM_00229193 
EFTA01383314

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383315.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383315.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Deuts:he lutilc w,.ew Wt•Stb MannemeM 
Merlon ConwArs &an, 
°MUM IMM Se(wri.lin 
New 'Ica Mc* 
MI Pelt Annus, ]Na Ike. 
Kra Yak NT 10154 
Wet 
THE HAZE TRUST 
UAD 02/09/ 99 
Decem ber 1, 2018 - Decem ber 31, 2018 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN & 
Account N um ber: 
DARREN K INDYKETTEES 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
Pc-tto 
Gance 
oat a 
ThlsPeclod 
Yea-to-Date 
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$20,342,059.33 
318,370,824.99 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
80,115.67 
1,795 419.72 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
20,422,175.00 
20,166,235.71 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
29,696.88 
762,724.13 
Total Taxes Withheld 
0.00 
-782.24 
Other Transactions 
0.00 
40.00 
Net Chan, e in Portfolio' 
-695,130.00 
-1,172,015.72 
Accrued Interest 
$22.284.21 
Estimated Annual Income 
S379,662.94 
• 
'Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
PUMA 
51% 
11% 
gm 38% 
0% 
100% 
Asset Type 
Prior Year•End 
Lase Period 
This Period 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
4,643,619.22 
9,922,869.33 
10,032,681.88 
Fixed Income 
3,037,500.00 
2,168,100.00 
2,130,300.00 
Equities 
8,392,210.00 
8,251,090.00 
7,593,160.00 
M utual Funds  
2,297,435.77 
0.00 
0.00 
Account Total ( Pie Chart 
$18,370,824.99 
$20,342,059.33 
319,756,141.88 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
Go paperless 
AIX 04OUT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 1 of 10 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDKE 
Clucks through Ambles ELC.• wholly owned 
subtle:run of The eat al New Yost Mellon 
Comer/Mon (BNY Melon) 
PerShrta LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE. Sa,C 
DB-SDNY-0083010 
SDNY_GM_00229194 
EFTA01383315

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383316.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383316.pdf
----------------------------------------
Summary of Gains and Losses 
Thiskeriod 
Nuked 
Year-hale 
Unrealized 
Short-Term Gain/ Loss 
00 
-75,938.55 
-705,049.37 
Long-Term Gain/ Loss 
0.00 
: 114 222.32 
-171,038.73 
Net Gain! Loss 
0.00 
-190,160.87 
-876,088.10 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis information is not available.
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced " negative interest rates' Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 10 99 and/ or 104 2 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances.
Money Market Fund Detail 
Date 
Sweep Money Market Fund 
CASH AC TR DWS GOVT & AG INSTL 
Current Yield. 2.26% Activity Ending: /2/ 3V18 
12101/18 
Opening Balance 
9,922,869 33 
9.922.869 33 
12111/18 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
025 00 
9.933.894 33 
12114/18 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
80,115 67 
10.014.010.00 
12/31/18 
Deposit 
INCOM EREINVEST 
671 88 
032 681 88 
12/31118 
Closing Balance  
$10,032,681.86
Total All Money Market Funds 
$10.032.681.88 
Activity Type 
Desalptlon 
Amount 
Balance 
Income and Expense Summary 
Dividend Income 
Current Period 
Taxable 
Non Taxable 
Year•lo•Date 
Taxable 
Non Tax** 
Equities 
11,025 00 
000 
315,521.79 
0.00 
M oney M arket 
18.671.88 
0.00 
70.389.42 
0.00 
Other Dividends 
0.00 
0.00 
299,147 46 
0.00 
Interest Income 
Bond Interest 
0.00 
0.00 
77.93055 
0.00 
Credit Interest 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
.285.09 
Expenses 
Withholding Taxes 
0.00 
0.00 
-762.24 
0.00 
Total Dividends. Interest. Income and Expenses 
529,696.88 
$0.00 
5762.226.98 
4265.09 
Account Number:NIG-024943 
nt.ccermorn 
Go paperless 
ASX Atiall 
Rated beldam 
Every Year Since 2007 
04OAR MITOCOMPAVNICAllON) 
EXCELLENCE 
Page 2 of 10 
CINViVe 11•014,1 PenAns LI.C.• wholly owned 
mimicker/ 04 The Bank of New YOM Mellon 
Corporation (BNY Mellon) 
Perinea LLC, Tt/TtiCI LINRA 
Si in: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083011 
SDNY_GM_00229195 
EFTA01383316

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383317.pdf
----------------------------------------
151 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings 
Coining Date 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 51.00% of Portfolio 
Money Market 
CASH AC TR DWS GOVT 
AG114611 
12101/18 
10,032,681.880 
N/A 
12/31118 
Total Money Market 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
December 1,2018 - December 31,2018 
THE HA ZE TRUST 
Account 
Quantity 
Number 
Activity 
Ending 
Opening 
Bala/ 
Dale Acquired 
FIXED INCOME 11.00% of Portfolio (In Maturity Date Sequence) 
Corporate Bonds 
PM ORGAN CHASE 8 CO DEP MS REPSTG 
11TH PR) 8811FIXED TO ELIO RT BD 
5.990% 04/23)58 B/E DTD 04/23l08M oody Rating 8AA3 S t P 
Rating BBB. 
Adiusted 
Quantity 
Unit Cod 
Cost Bass 
9,922,869.33 
$9,922,869.33 
$9,922,869.33 
Market Price 
Security Identifier: 46625HHA1 
Clang 
Salina 
Acczued 
Income 
10,032,681.88 
0.00 
$10,032,681.88 
$0.00 
$10,032,681.88 
$0.00 
Unrealized 
Market Value 
Gainitosa 
Income 
Ibis Year 
30-Day 
Current 
Yield 
Yield 
70,389.42 
$70,389.42 
$10,389.42 
Accrued 
Inters 
2.19% 
2.26% 
Estimated Estimated 
Annual Income 
Yield 
05110/11 
2,160,000.000 
110.8750 
2,394.894 62 
98.6250 
2.130.300 00 
-264,594.62 
22284.21 
129.392 20 
6.07% 
Original Cost Basis: $2403330.00 
Total Corporate Bonds 
$2,394,894.62 
$2,130,300.00 
-$264,594.62 
$22 284 21 
$129,392.20 
2,160,000.000 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
$2,394,894.62 
$2,130,300.00 
4264,594.62 
S22 284.21 
$129,392.20 
2,160,000.000 
Date Acquired 
  Quantity 
EQUITIES 38 00% of Portfolio 
Common Stocks 
Unit Cod 
Cost Basis 
Market Price  
Markel Value  
UanaBad 
Geinrloss  
Estimated Edimated 
 Annuli Income 
Yield 
ALPHABET INC CAP STK CL C 
Security Identifier: GOOD 
Dividend Galion: Cash 
CUSP:02079kt? 
12105/17 
1,000.000 
1,014.0150 
1,014,015.20 
1.035.6100 
1,035,609.99 
21,594.79 
02102118 
1.000.000 
1.116.1660 
1,116,166.00 
1.035 6100 
1,035,609.99 
40,556.01 
02105/18 
1,000.000 
1.106.0070 
1,106,006.80 
1.035 6100 
1,035,610.02 
-70,396.78 
Total Covered 
3,000.000 
3,236.188 00 
3,106.830 00 
-129.358.00 
Total 
3.000.000 
53,236 188 00 
$3 106 830 00 
.6129 358 00 
$0.00 
Account Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
mx04.0in t.tetivrwf 
Page 3 of 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
FRULIDICE 
MISR Meech Pin
 UM. • wholly ',hied 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Man 
Comeration (BNY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083012 
SDNY_GM_00229196 
EFTA01383317

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383318.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
Date Anointed 
Quantity 
Unit Oast 
EQUITIES (continued) 
Common Stocks (continued) 
CARVANA CO CL A 
Dividend Option: Cash 
Cost Bags 
  Market Price  
&entity Identifier: CVNA 
CUSP:146869M 
Market Value  
Unrealized 
Giniloss  
Estimated Estimated 
Annual Income 
Yield
06118/18 
2,500.000 
42.7900 
106,975.00 
32.7100 
81,775.00 
-25,200.00 
06118/18 
5,000.000 
44.3400 
221,699.15 
32.7100 
163,550.00 
-58,149.15 
06118/18 
5,000.000 
44.0400 
220,200.00 
32.7100 
163,550.00 
-56,650.00 
06118/18 
2,500.000 
43.5400 
108,850.00 
32.7100 
81,775.00 
-27,075.00 
06119/18 
2,500.000 
42.6740 
106,686.00 
32.7100 
81,775.00 
-24,911.00 
06119/18 
2,500 000 
43.0850 
107,712.93 
32.7100 
81.775 00 
-25,937.93 
06119118 
2.500.000 
42.1520 
106,879.20 
32.7100 
81.775.00 
-25,104.20 
06119/18 
2,500.000 
42.8400 
107,100.00 
32.7100 
81,775.00 
-25,325.00 
Total Covered 
25,000.000 
1,086,102.26 
817,750.00 
-268,352.28 
Total 
25.000.000 
11,086,102.28 
$817.750.00 
.6268 352 28 
$0.00 
UNITED TECHNOLOOESCORP COM 
Security Identifier: UTX 
Dividend Option: Cash 
CUSIP.92,017139 
06120118 
15.000 000 
125.5300 
1162.944 30 
106 4800  
597 200 00 
-285,744.30  
44,100.00 
2.76% 
Total Common Stocks 
$6,205,234.56 
$5.521.780.00 
4683,454.58 
$44,100.00 
Preferred Stocks (List ed by expiration date) 
CITIGROUP INC DEP SUS REPSTG 1,1200TH 
Seaway Identifier: C PRK 
PFD SER K DIV 6175% PERPETUAL MAU 
CUSP:12967341 
PERPETUAL CALL WS/23025.00 
Dividend Option: Cash 
02103/14 
79,000.000 
25.3090 
1,999,418.90 
26.2200 
2,071,380.00 
71.961 10 
135,781.32 
6.55% 
Total Preferred Stocks 
$1,999,418.90 
$2,071,380.00 
$71,961.10 
$135,781.32 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
$8,204,653.48 
$7,593,160.00 
4611,493.48 
$179,881.32 
Unrealized 
Awued 
Estimated 
Cad Baia 
Markel Value 
Ottoman 
Interest 
Annual Income 
TOTAL PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS 
$20,632,229.98 
$19,756,141.88 
4876,068.10 
622,264.21 
$379,662.94 
• Noncovered under the cost basis rules as defined below. 
Generally, securities acquired before 2011, in retirement accounts or held by Non-U.S. entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 
1988, as amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, and are marked as " noncovered". Securities marked as "covered', were identified as securities potentially 
subject to the cost basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRS on form 1099-B for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 1099B, the cost 
basis will not be reported to the IRS. 
Cost Basis on fixed income securities may be adjusted for amortization, accretion, original issue discount adjustments, or principal payd owns. The calculation is based upon the 
Page 4 of 10 
Account Number:NIG-024943 
kmerrslons 
Go paperless 
way, MINIM' 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELIDKE 
Clewing through Persales UM. • wholly aimed 
sabskiwy of Mellow& al Ni. Yort Mellon 
Cerixwation (BNY Melon) 
Per Oat LLC. membef AURA. NYSE StPC 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083013 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229197 
EFTA01383318

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383319.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383319.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
December 1,2018 - December 31,2018 
THE HA ZE TRUST 
taxpayer election, type of fixed income security, and certain attributes, obtained from sources believed to be reliable. In the event, one or more of these attributes is changed, there may 
be a temporary incorrect adjusted cost basis reflected until the cost basis system is amended to reflect this change. These calculations will not be performed under certain 
circumstances, including those involving foreign bonds, bonds sold short or bonds issued with less than one year to maturity. This information is meant as a general guide and you 
should consult your tax advisor in the preparation of your tax returns. 
The cost basis of this security has been provided to us by you or your introducing firm and Pershing makes no representation as to the accuracy of this information. 
Pershing has received updated cost basis information, therefore cost basis provided on previous client brokerage statements may differ from the new cost basis reported in this section. 
Portfolio Ho'0ings Disclosures 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for w hich a price is not available are marked "Ni A' and are omitted from the Total. 
THEA S OF PRICE DATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THEPRICEDATEDOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM BIT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.coml disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Option Disclosure 
Information with respect to commissions and other charges incurred in connection with the execution of option transactions has been included in confirmations previously furnished 
to you. A summary of this information is available to you promptly upon your written request directed to your introducing firm. In order to assist your introducing firm in maintaining 
current background end financial information concerning your option accounts, please promptly advise them in writing of any material change in your investment objectives or 
financial situation. Expiring options which are valuable are exercised automatically pursuant to the exercise by exception procedure of the Options Clearing Corporation. Additional 
information regarding this procedure is available upon written request to your introducing firm. 
Account Number: N 
s,:ccersw:2s 
Page 50i 
Go paperless 
MX MOUT t.1:41IVtitY 
Rated Excellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
0708AR RA TM COMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELtDKE 
Cleats One* S.
 UM. • wholly ',hied 
subsieurey of The Bakal New Yort Mellon 
Coryeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. mutt( AURA. NYSE SI?C 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083014 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229198 
EFTA01383319

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383320.pdf
----------------------------------------
Port to o -o dings Disc osures (continued) 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal (or your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to ?A, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Ratings 
This statement may contain credit rating information obtained from Standard & Poor's. Reproducing and distributing any information received from Standard & Poor's is not permitted 
without prior written authorization from Standard & Poor's. Standard & Poor's does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information. Standard & 
Poor's is not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause, or for the results of using such content. Standard & Poor's makes no express or implied warranties 
including warranties of merchantability or fitness (or a particular purpose. Standard & Poor's shall not be legally responsible for any fees, costs, expenses or losses in connection with 
the use of their content. Credit ratings are opinions and not statements of facts; are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities; and do not address suitability for 
investment purpose. Credit ratings should not be relied upon as investment advice. 
Messages 
Please note the following information for Pershing's 2018 IRS Form 1099 (B, DIV, INT, M ISC and 0ID): Your Form 1099 will be delivered as early as possible, beginning January 31, 
2019. By February 15, you will be mailed either your Form 1399 or a special Pending 1399 Notice. The Pending 1399 Notice will be sent if we have not received and processed final 
information from issuers and trustees of securities that you hold by the as of date of the February 15 1099 mailing. You will also be sent the notice if your information is still being 
reviewed and finalized. The notice will inform you of the securities that are pending final reporting and provides the anticipated mail date of your 1399. Your 1399 will be mailed no 
later than M arch 15, 2019. 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at S1 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10 b-10(0)( 1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Activity Summary (A:4 8n104 
Sit 04 n are;., base 
cY) 
Securities 
Credits Ns Period 
Debits This Period 
Net ThIsPerkid  
tredltsYeN4oDate 
Debits Year-to-Date 
Net Yea4o•DSe 
Securities Bought 
000 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
-14 084,179.54 
-14,084,179.54 
Securdies Sold 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
13,820,590.90 
0.00 
13,820,590.90 
Total Securities 
$0 00 
$0.00 
$0 00 
S13.820.590.90 
414.084.179 54 
4263.588.64 
Dividends and Interest 
$29 696 88 
$0.00 
$29.696 88 
$762,989.22 
-$265 09 
$762,724.13 
Distributions 
$0 00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$2,878,760.00 
$0 00 
$2,878,760.00 
Page 6 of 10 
Account Number: N 
smarted:is 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
SNOUT ICILNOW 
Rated twellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR WED COMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR One* Penabos UC. • wholly aimed 
subsidurey of The BIS al Ni. Yort Mao 
Comeration (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083015 
SDNY_GM_00229199 
EFTA01383320

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383321.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383321.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
December 1, 2018 - December 31,2018 
THE HA ZE TRUST 
Activity Summary (continued) 
Credits This Period 
Debits ThisPeriod 
Net ThIsPolod  
CrediloYeaMo•Dale 
DeMisvear4o1Me 
Net Yea•lo•Date
Fees 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
440.00 
440.00 
Taxes Withheld 
$0.00 
$000 
$0.00 
$0.00 
4762.24 
4762.24 
Cash 
CeposAs 
80.115.67 
0.00 
80,115.67 
1,795,410.72 
0.00 
1,795,410.72 
Total Cash 
$80.115.67 
$000 
$80.115.67 
$1.795.410.72 
$0.00 
$1,795.410.72 
Totals 
$109,812.55 
$0.00 
$109,812.55 
$19,257,750.84 
414,085,246.87 
$5,172.503.97 
Transactions by Tipe of A st.vity 
Process; 
Seltkmenl 
Dale 
Adivity Type 
Desaiptien 
Quality 
Prix 
Acaved Interest 
Amount Currency 
Dividends and Interest 
12/10/18 
CASH DIVIDEND RECEIVED 
6000 SHRSUNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORP COM RD rib PD 
11,025 00 
USD 
UDC 
CAMS 
12/31/18 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT 
18,671.88 
USD 
INCOME RECBVED 
PER232045 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
29,696.88 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
12/13118 
FEDERAL FUNDSRECEIVED 
HS8C BANK USA. NATIO 46284 
80,115.67 UM 
US0999907 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
80,115.67 
Total Value of Transactions 
0.00 
109,812.55 USD 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded 
Account Number 
a:CV.Y.V"•" 
Go paperless 
mx0..e0vr t.tetercer 
Page 7 of 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Meech Penabos UM. • wholly ',hied 
subsidurey of The BIS al Ni. Yore Man 
Comeration (WY MAW 
Per Oat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083016 
SDNY_GM_00229200 
EFTA01383321

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383322.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383322.pdf
----------------------------------------
Vow Investment !pedant ZEN 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 10 154 
Canted information 
Telephone Number: (2 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount in income annually: 
No  
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
You have not selected any account communications for electronic delivery. To register and turn off paper communications, log in to your account or contact your Investment 
Specialist for more information. 
Important Information and Disclosures 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions et the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances. execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413.3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant es 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.coml about/ strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
Page 8 of ir! 
Account Number: N 
&mem:mons 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
way, MINIM' 4 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDKE 
MISR R•o•h S.
 UC. • wholly o•n,d 
subsidurey of The Bakal New Yort Mellon 
Comer/Mon (BNY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083017 
SDNY_GM_00229201 
EFTA01383322

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383323.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
important Information and Disclosures (continued) 
December 1,2018 - December 31,2018 
THE HA ZE TRUST 
The Role of Pershing (con(inued) 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows Pershing LLC. Legal Department. 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding:a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case. a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time lim its for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
( Ill) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. 
Page 9 of 10 
Account Number:NIG-014943 
occoroms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
ASX•41Xil l.1:411VtitY 
Raid [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
CakteAR MITOCOMPAVNICAllONS 
EXCELLENCE 
Marrs through Pin
 lit • wholly °wawa 
,ad e:run of The Bakal New York Mellon 
Corporation OM Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto, AURA. NYSE SlPC 
DB-SDNY-0083018 
SDNY_GM_00229202 
EFTA01383323

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383324.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383324.pdf
----------------------------------------
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
TRANSACTIONS 
• ALL ORDERS AND TRANSACTIONS SHALL SE SOLELY FOR YOUR ACCOUNT AND RISK SHALL BE 
SUBJECT TO THE CONSTITUTION, RULES, REGULATIONS. CUSTOMS. USAGES. RULINGS AND 
INTERPRETATIONS OF THE EXCHANGE OR MARKET AND THE CLEARING FACILITY. IF ANY. WHERE 
THE TRANSACTIONS ARE EXECUTED ANDIOR SETTLED. OR IF APPLICABLE, OF THE FINANCIAL 
INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY AND TO ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. 
• TITLE TO SECURITIES SOLD TO YOU. WHERE PERSHING HAS ACTED AS PRINCIPAL, SHALL REMAIN 
WITH PERSHING UNTIL THE ENTIRE PURCHASE PRICE IS RECEIVED OR UNTIL THE SETTLEMENT 
DATE. WHICHEVER IS LATER. 
• YOU MAY HAVE RECEIVED CONFIRMATIONS FOR TRANSACTIONS WHICH DO NOT APPEAR ON YOUR 
STATEMENT. IF SO. THE TRANSACTIONS WILL. APPEAR ON YOUR NEXT PERIODIC STATEMENT. SUCH 
TRANSACTIONS MUST BE CONSIDERED BY YOU WHEN COMPUTING THE VALUE OF YOUR ACCOUNT. 
THIS IS ESPECIALLY TRUE F YOU HAVE WRITTEN OPTIONS WHICH HAVE BEEN EXERCISED. 
FREE CREDIT BALANCES: ANY FREE CREDIT BALANCE CARRIED FOR YOUR ACCOUNT REPRESENTS 
FUNDS PAYABLE UPON DEMAND WHICH, ALTHOUGH PROPERLY ACCOUNTED FOR ON PERSHING'S 
BOOKS OF RECORD. ARE NOT SEGREGATED AND MAY BE USED IN THE CONDUCT OF ITS BUSINESS. 
DEBIT BALANCES: INTEREST CHARGED ON DEBIT BALANCES IN YOUR ACCOUNT APPEARS ON THE 
STATEMENT. THE RATE OF INTEREST AND PERIOD COVERED ARE INDICATED. THE RATE MAY CHANGE 
FROM TIME TO T:ME DUE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN MONEY RATES OR OTHER REASONS. INTEREST IS 
COMPUTED AS DESCRIBED IN MATERIAL PREVIOUSLY FURNISHED TO YOU. PLEASE CONTACT YOUR 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION IF YOU DESIRE ADDITIONAL COPIES. 
MARGIN INFORMATION: F YOU MAINTAIN A MARGIN ACCOUNT. THIS IS A COMBINED STATEMENT OF 
YOUR GENERAL ACCOUNT AND A SPECIAL MEMORANDUM ACCOUNT MAINTAINED FOR YOU UNDER 
REGULATION T OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. THE PERMANENT 
RECORD OF THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT AS REQUIRED BY REGULATION T IS AVALABLE FOR YOUR 
NSPECTION UPON REQUEST. 
TAX INFORMATION 
• AFTER YEAR END. PERSHING IS REQUIRED TO PROVIDE TAX INFORMATION TO THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE SERVICE AND OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. AT THAT TIME PERSHING WILL 
PROVIDE THAT INFORMATION ON THE ANNUAL TAX INFORMATION STATEMENT TO YOU: USE THAT 
STATEMENT TO PREPARE YOUR TAX FLINGS. THE TAX STATEMENT ALSO INCLUDES OTHER USEFUL 
INFORMATION TO ASSIST IN ACCUMULATING THE DATA TO PREPARE YOUR TAX RETURNS. 
• DIVIDENDS. INTEREST AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS SHOWN ON THIS STATEMENT WERE CLASSFIED 
AS TAXABLE OR NONTAXABLE BASED ON CERTAIN INFORMATION KNOWN AS OF THE DISTRIBUTION 
DATE. THIS CLASSFICATION IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND IS SOLELY INTENDED FOR USE AS 
GENERAL INFORMATION. 
• PERSHING DOES NOT PROVIDE TAX. INVESTMENT OR LEGAL ADVISORY SERVICES AND NO ONE 
ASSOCIATED WITH PERSHING IS AUTHORIZED TO RENDER SUCH ADVICE. DO NOT RELY UPON ANY 
SUCH ADVICE. IF GIVEN. INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS TO 
DETERMiNE THE APPROPRIATE TAX TREATMENT OF THEIR BUSINESS. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
• WHENEVER YOU ARE INDEBTED TO PERSHING LLC ("PERSHING') FOR ANY AMOUNT, ALL SECURITIES 
HELD BY IT FOR YOU IN ANY ACCOUNT IN WHICH YOU HAVE ANY INTEREST SHALL SECURE ALL YOUR 
LIABILITIES TO PERSHING. AND PERSHING MAY IN ITS DISCRETION AT ANY TIME. WITHOUT TENDER. 
DEMAND OR NOTICE TO YOU, CLOSE OR REDUCE ANY OR ALL OF YOUR ACCOUNTS BY PUBLIC OR 
PRIVATE SALE OR PURCHASE OR BOTH OF ALL OR ANY SECURITIES CARRIED IN SUCH ACCOUNTS: 
ANY BALANCE REMAINING DUE PERSHING TO BE PROMPTLY PAID BY YOU. 
• WHENEVER YOU ARE INDEBTED TO PERSHING FOR ANY AMOUNT, ALL SECURITIES CARRIED FOR 
YOUR ACCOUNT ARE OR MAY BE, WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE TO YOU. LOANED OR PLEDGED BY 
PERSHING, EITHER SEPARATELY OR UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH WILL PERMIT THE 
COMMINGLING THEREOF, WITH OTHER SECURITIES FOR ANY AMOUNT LESS THAN. EQUAL TO OR 
GREATER THAN YOUR UABILMES TO PERSHING. BUT NOT UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES FOR AN AMOUNT 
PROHIBITED BY LAW. 
IF ANY OF THE MOVE TERMS ANO CONDITIONS ARE UNACCEPTABLE 70 YOU 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
• PERSHING MAY TRADE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AS A MARKET MAKER. SPECIALIST. ODD LOT DEALER. 
BLOCK POSITIONER. ARBITRAGEUR OR INVESTOR. CONSEQUENTLY. AT THE TIME OF ANY 
TRANSACTION YOU MAY MAKE, PERSHNG MAY HAVE A POSITION IN SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH 
POSITION MAY BE PARTIALLY OR COMPLETELY HEDGED. 
• IF AVERAGE PRICE TRANSACTION IS INDICATED ON THE FRONT OF THIS STATEMENT YOUR 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION OR PERSHING MAY HAVE ACTED AS PRINCIPAL. AGENT OR BOTH. DETALS 
AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST. 
• A FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF PERSHING IS AVAILABLE FOR YOUR PERSONAL INSPECTION AT 
PERSHING'S OFFICES. A COPY OF IT WILL BE MAILED UPON YOUR WRITTEN REQUEST OR YOU CAN 
VIEW IT ONLINE AT WWW.PERSHING.COM. 
• FOR BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES: WWW.PERSHING.CONVDISCLOSURES. 
• THIS STATEMENT SHOULD BE RETAINED FOR YOUR RECORDS. 
PAYMENT FOR ORDER FLOW AND ORDER ROUTING POLICIES DISCLOSURES (REGULATION NMS-
RULE 607(A)(1)-(2)) 
PERSHING SENDS CERTAIN EQUITY ORDERS TO EXCHANGES, ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION 
NETWORKS, OR BROKER-DEALERS DURING NORMAL BUSINESS HOURS AND DURING EXTENDED 
TRADING SESSIONS. CERTAIN OF THESE VENUES PROVIDE PAYMENTS TO PERSHING OR CHARGE 
ACCESS FEES TO PERSHING DEPENDING UPON THE CHARACTERISTICS OF THE ORDER AND ANY 
SUBSEQUENT EXECUTION. THE DETALS OF THESE PAYMENTS AND FEES ARE AVAILABLE UPON 
WRITTEN REQUEST. PERSHING REGENTS PAYMENTS FOR DIRECTING LISTED OPTIONS ORDER FLOW 
TO CERTAIN OPTION EXCHANGES. IN ADDITION. PERSHING ROUTES CERTAIN EQUITY AND OPTION 
ORDERS TO ITS AFFILIATE. BNY MELLON CAPITAL MARKETS. LLC, FOR EXECUTION AS PRINCIPAL. 
COMPENSATION IS GENERALLY IN THE FORM OF A PER OPTION CONTRACT CASH PAYMENT. 
BEST EXECUTION: NOTWITHSTANDING THE PREVIOUS PARAGRAPH REGARDING PAYMENT FOR ORDER 
FLOW. PERSHING SELECTS CERTAIN MARKET CENTERS TO PROVIDE EXECUTION OF OVER-THE-
COUNTER AND EXCHANGE-LISTED SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS WHICH AGREE TO ACCEPT ORDERS. 
TRANSMITTED ELECTRONICALLY UP TO A SPECIFIED SIZE. AND TO EXECUTE THEM AT OR BETTER THAN 
THE NATIONAL BEST BID OR OFFER (NBBO). ON CERTAIN LARGER ORDERS, OR F THE DESIGNATED 
MARKET CENTERS DO NOT MAKE A MARKET IN THE SUBJECT SECURITY. PERSHING DIRECTLY 
CONTACTS MARKET CENTERS TO OBTAIN AN EXECUTION. THE DESIGNATED MARKET CENTERS TO 
WHICH ORDERS ARE AUTOMATICALLY ROUTED ARE SELECTED BASED ON THE CONSISTENT HIGH 
QUALITY OF THEIR EXECUTIONS IN ONE OR MORE MARKET SEGMENTS AND THEIR ABLITY TO PROVIDE 
OPPORTUNITIES FOR EXECUTIONS AT PRICES SUPERIOR TO THE NBBO. PERSHING ALSO REGULARLY 
REVIEWS REPORTS FOR QUALITY OF EXECUTION PURPOSES. 
EASE NOTIFYPERS-NIG IMMEDIATELY IH WRITING BY GUITAR) AWL TO ONE PERSHING PLAZA. JERSEY CRY. NJ 07399. ATTN LEGAL DEPT 
Page 10 of 10 
Account Number N4G-024943 
A:cesKsvg:2! 
Go paperless 
way, MINIM' 4 
Raid [Holism 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIO COMMUNICATIONS 
EXCE LIDICE 
Outs *nosh PsnMos ESC. • wholly Had 
sublASNy al The Bak °Maw YHA Melba 
Comentlan (WY MOHO 
PaYnN LLC. motto( ANSA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083019 
SDNY_GM_00229203 
EFTA01383324

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383325.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
JEEPERS INC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM ASVI 00802 
ledwho Oink Food FYNI Maexiondd 
mold% terohot Cadet 
DevIdto Oda Sohadox hC. 
Nee dd.Office 
HS Peel Anne. 14.0 hoot 
New Yctt. NY 10114 
lolly.. 
/666111101 
Cent 310 $45 Seal 
February 1, 2019 - Februar 28, 2019 
Account Number: 
oat a G:ance 
ThisPeriod 
Yea4o-DMe
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$3,275,394.15 
$3,268,984.84 
MARTIN 
AN 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
4,276,640.23 
3,276140.23 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
.1,246.08 
.7,655.39 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
1,246.08 
7.655.39 
thr 
Estimated Annual Income 
57,655.39 
Percept 
Asset Type 
Prior Year-End 
tM Period 
ThisPetiod 
0% 
Cash Money Funds. and Bank Deposits 
3,268,984.84 
3,275,394.15 
0.00 
0% 
Account Total 
$3,268,984.84 
$3,275,394.15 
$0.00 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced • negative interest rates' Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 10 99 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
13:11110-1: ; 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
AIX 04.0Uo 3.011Pdri 
Page 1 of 6 
Raid Extolled 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCEUDKE 
Marts through Penabos LW. • wholly road 
subsifurey of The BIS of Ni. Vert Make 
Comeration (INY Mellen) 
Ptidere U.C. merit( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083020 
SDNY_GM_00229204 
EFTA01383325

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383326.pdf
----------------------------------------
Money Market Fund Detail 
Date 
Activity Type 
Sweep Money Market Fund 
CASH AC TR DWS GOVT 8 AGINSTL 
Current Yield 2.31% Activity Ending 0 2/ 06/ 19 
Deactiption 
Amount 
Balance 
02101/19 
Opening Balance 
3,275,394 15 
3,275,394.15 
02/07/19 
Withdrawal 
MONEY FUND REDEMPTION 
-3,275,394 15 
000 
02107/19 
W ithdrawal 
SHARES REDEEM ED 
-1,246.08 
4,246.08 
02107/19 
Deposit 
ACCRUED DIVIDEND CREDIT 
1,246.08 
0.00 
02106/19 
ClosWalance
$0.00 
Total All Money Market Funds 
$0.00 
Income and Expense Summary 
Dividend Income 
Current Period 
Taxable 
Non Taxable 
Taxable  
Year-to-Date 
 Nan Taxable 
M oney M arket 
1.246 08 
0.00 
7.655.39 
0.00 
Total Dividends, Interest. Income and Expenses 
$1,246 08 
$0.00 
$7,655.39 
$0.00 
Opening 
(losing 
Accrued 
Income 
30-Dap 
Desaiption 
Quantity 
Balance 
Balance 
Income 
ThItYem 
Yield 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 0 0 0% of Portfolio 
Money Market 
CASH AC TR CWSG0VT 8 AG INSTL 
3.275.394 15 
0.00 
0.00 
7,655 39  2.31% 
Total Money Market  
$3.275.394.15 
$0 00  
$000 
$7.655.39 
TOTAL CASH. MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
$3.275,394 IS 
$0.00 
$0 00 
$7.655.39 
Accrued 
Estimated 
Market Value 
Intetest 
Annual Income 
Total Portfolio Holdings 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$7.655.39 
Account Number N40-024935 
$: C:473,3: 3 
Go papetiess 
ALt AtOul bOltivtorr 4 
RAW btellowe 
Every Yes Since 2007 
OALOAR 
COMPAVNICA71076 
EXCLUDICE 
Page 2 of 6 
ChanIS 'Par Pirate% tiC,• wholly *yawl 
sublidin  
Mn.. kat of New York Mallon 
Coryotation (WY Mellon) 
Posiwg LLC. member 'ROZA. N.Y≤. 
PC 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083021 
SDNY_GM_00229205 
EFTA01383326

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383327.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383327.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
PO Bex 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures 
February 1.2019 - February 28, 2019 
JEEPERS INC 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services,which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for which a price is not available are marked "N/A" and are omitted from the Total. 
THE A S OF PRICEDATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THEPRICEDATEDOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable: however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
Investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, end prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 1%, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the M argin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Messages 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at Viper share. it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10b-10(b)(1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Page 3 of 6 
Account Number:N 
mc2rucerxes 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go per ass 
SNOUT 401INNY 4 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly need 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mellon 
Comeration (BNY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083022 
SDNY_GM_00229206 
EFTA01383327

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383328.pdf
----------------------------------------
 CreditsDes Peace 
DebitsThisRuled 
Net ThisiNtIod  
treditaYeuto-Date 
DebileYeareo-Date 
Net Year-to-Dale 
Dividends and Interest 
$1,246.08 
$0.00 
$1246.08 
$7,655.39 
$0.00 
$7,655.39 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
-3,276,640.23 
-3276.640.23 
0.00 
-3.276.640.23 
-3.216,640.23 
Total Cash 
$0.00 
-$3,276,640.23 
43,276,640.23 
$0.00 
43,276,640.23 
43,276,640.23 
Totals 
$1,246.08 
43,276,840.23 
43,275,394.15 
$7,655.39 
43,276,640.23 
43,268,984.84 
Transactions by Type of Activity 
Pieces 
Settlement 
Dole 
Adivity Type  
Description  
Quality 
Price
Dividends and Interest 
Mated Intend 
 Amount Curling 
02107119 
MONEY MARKETFUND 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT 6 AGENCY INSTL INCOMEREDEEMED 
1,246.08 
USD 
INCOME 
EIVED 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
1,246.08 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
02101119 
FEDERAL FUNDSSENT 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
-3,276,640.23 
USD 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
4,276,640.23 
Total Value of Transactions 
0.00 
4.275.394.15 
USD 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded. 
Your Investment Specialist ZEN 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARKAVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 13154 
C0ntaU Information 
Telephone Number 
Account Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
snow MINIM 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
O4BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71O.5 
EXCELLENCE 
Page 4 of 6 
MISR Meech Penabos UM. • wholly need 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mellon 
Comer/Mon (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083023 
SDNY_GM_00229207 
EFTA01383328

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383329.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Your Account Information 
February 1,2019 - February 28,2019 
JEEPERS INC 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield M ethod: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount in income annually:  
No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
• 
Stalemeets and Reports 
• 
Trade Confirmations 
• 
Tax Documents 
• 
Notifications 
• 
Piospedes 
• 
Ptoxy/Sbareholder Communications 
You have not enrolled any of the above documents for electronic delivery. Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences. 
Imp I tait nfor:nationandDisclosures 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
Page 5 of 6 
Account Number: N 
&nirvanas 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
ALX abut t.Ptivtor 4 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
Marrs R•o•h Penabos UM. • •lolly awed 
subtle:run of The Bakal Na. Wet Make 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. member AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083024 
SDNY_GM_00229208 
EFTA01383329

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383330.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383330.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important Information and Disclosures (continued) 
The Role of Pershing (continued) 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www pershing.comf about/ strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; 
Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by Jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time lim its for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you end Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class w ho has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; 
Page 6 of 6 
Account 
riber 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go per ass 
SNOUT ICILNOW 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MEEOCORIMr,•IICA710N5 
EXCELLENCE 
CMI•O through Penabos UM. • wholly owed 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mellon 
Comeration (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083025 
SDNY_GM_00229209 
EFTA01383330

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383331.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
JEEPERS INC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
Deotwho Yob Motto Make Olon•tem.1
Wrists comma may 
Onto* lora %w144 Inc 
Nee Wok M. 
MS Pot Arno a. 26th Ike 
Now York NY 19114 
toll Floe 166.01/.550$ 
Wm: 4104,51141 
January 1, 20 19 - Januar 31. 2019 
Account Number: 
Portfol€o at a Glance 
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
 ThisPeclod  
$3.268.984.84 
Year4o-Date
13.268.964.84 
MARTIN ZEM AN 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
268 984 84 
3,268.984 84 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
409 31 
409 31 
ENDINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$3;275,394.16 
275 394 15 
Estimated Annual Income 
56.409 31 
Percent 
Asset Type 
PeorYear-End 
Last Period 
This Period 
100% 
Cash. Money Funds. and Bank Deposits 
268 984 84 
3.268984 64 
3.275.394 15 
100% 
Account Total 
53.268.984 84 
$3.268.984 84 
$3.275.394 15 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
Your Account is 100% invested in Cash. Money Funds, and Bank Deposits. 
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced' negative interest rates° Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 1399 and/ or 1042 S These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may. in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances 
CCICST.. ; 
Go paperless 
ASC AIM!' t.011ivtire 4 
Med been...re 
Every Yew Since 2007 
OALOAR RATIO COMMUNICATOM 
EXCLUENCE 
Page 1 of e 
Miming through Mullion LLC. a wholly corned 
solnickery or The Soak or New York Mellon 
Cooperation (BNY Mellon) 
Pesten MC. money ROMA. 
5:K 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083026 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_0022921 0 
EFTA01383331

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383332.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383332.pdf
----------------------------------------
Money Market Fund Detail 
Dsle 
Activity Type 
Sweep Money Market Fund 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT1 AG INSTL 
Current Yield: 2.30% Activity Ending: 01 31119
01/01/19 
Opening Balance 
01131/19 
Deposit 
01131/19 
Closing  Balance 
Total All Money Market Funds 
Description 
INCOM ERBNVEST 
Current Period 
Taxable 
Dividend Income 
M oney_M arket 
6,409.31 
Total Dividends, Interest, Income and Expenses 
$6,409.31 
Portfolio Holdings 
Opening 
Posing 
Oesaiption 
Quantity 
Balance 
Balance 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 10 0 0 0% of Portfolio 
Money Market 
CASH AC 112 DWSG0YT A AG INSTL 
3,275 394 150 
268 984 84 
3,275,394.15 
Total  Money Market  
$3 268.984 84 
  $3,275,394.15
TOTAL CASH. MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
$3 268.984 84 
$3,275,394.15 
Total Portfolio Holdings 
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures 
Markel Value 
$3.275.394.15 
Amount 
Balance 
3,268,984.84 
6.409 31 
3,268,984.84 
3,275,394  15 
$3,275,394.15 
$3,275,394.15 
Year-lo-Dale 
Non Taxable 
Taxable 
Non Tustin 
0.00  
6,40931 
010 
$0.00 
$6,409.31 
$0.00 
Accrued 
Income 
30-Day 
Income 
This Year 
Yield 
0.00 
  6,499.31 
2.30% 
$0.00 
$6,409.31 
$0.00 
$1409.31 
Accrued 
Estimated 
Intend  
Annual Income 
$0.00 
$6,409.31 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices unless otherwise noted have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
Page 2 of 6 
Account Number: NIG-024935 
amotexismon 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 4 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly road 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. York Melba 
Comeration (WY Melon) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083027 
SDNY_GM_00229211 
EFTA01383332

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383333.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383333.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
PO Bex 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
: 1/2
f tf. 0 0 
dings D'scosur es (continued) 
January 1.2019 • January 31,2019 
JEEPERS INC 
Pricing (continued) 
from the actual sale price. Securities for w hich a price is not available are marked "NI A' and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PRICE DATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THE PRICEDATE DOES NOT EGUAL THE STATEM SW DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment. trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates. and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 196, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Messages 
Important Reminder for Pershing's 2018 IRSForm 1099 (B, DIV, INT, M ISC and OID): As a reminder, by February 15,2019, you will be mailed either your Form 1099 or a special 
Pending 1099 Notice. The Pending 1099 Notice will be sent if we have not received and processed final information from issuers and trustees of securities you hold by the as of date of 
the February 15 1399 mailing. You will also be sent the notice if your information is still being reviewed and finalized. The notice will inform you of the securities that are pending final 
reporting and provides the anticipated mail date of your 1399. Your 1399 will be mailed no later than M arch 15, 2019. 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
Page 3 of 6 
Account Number:NIG-024935 
amottcsmom 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paper less 
SNOUT 401INNY 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly need 
subsidurey of The BIS al Ni. Yort Mellon 
Comeration (BNY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083028 
SDNY_GM_00229212 
EFTA01383333

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383334.pdf
----------------------------------------
Messages (continued) 
account Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10 b-10 ( b)( 1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Credits This Period 
Debits This Period 
Net ThbPetiocl
QeditsYeet•to•DNe 
DebksYear4o•DMe 
Net Year•to•DMe 
Dividends and Interest 
$6.409 3' 
$0 00 
$6,409.31 
$6,409.31 
$0.00 
$6,409.31 
Totals 
$6409 31 
$0 00 
$6,409.31 
$6,409.31 
$0.00 
$6,409.31 
Transactions by Type of Activity 
Process 
Settlement 
Dole 
Adivity Type 
Dividends and Interest 
01/31/19 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
INCOME RECEIVED 
OER232045 
Total Divid ends and interest - U.S DOLLARS 
Desaiption 
Duality 
Price 
Accrued interest 
Amount Cuneng 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT 
Total Value of Transactions 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded 
Client Service nf ormat on 
Your InvestmentGpecialiet: ZEM 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARKAVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 10154 
6,409.31 
USD 
0.00 
6.409.31 
0.00 
8,409.31 USD 
 Contact Information 
Telephone Number: 
Page of 6 
Account Number: N4G-024935 
noortesstam 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Meech Penabos UM. R wholly need 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Melba 
Comeration OM MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083029 
SDNY_GM_00229213 
EFTA01383334

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383335.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383335.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Your Account Information 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
JEERERS INC 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield M ethod: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount in income annually:  
No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
• 
Statements and Reports 
• 
Trade Confirmations 
• 
Tax Documents 
• 
Notifications 
• 
Prospectus 
• 
Proxy/Sbareholder Communications 
You have not enrolled any of the above documents for electronic delivery. Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences. 
Imp I talt Ili or mat on and Disclosures 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
Page 5 of 6 
Account Number:NIG-024935 
a:Gotten:am 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MY MOUE t.C.IlVtitY 4 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
Marrs M•ech Penabos UM. • •lolly awed 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Make 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083030 
SDNY_GM_00229214 
EFTA01383335

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383336.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383336.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important Information and Disclosures (continued) 
The Role of Pershing (continued) 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www pershing.comf about/ strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07309; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by Jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time lim its for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you end Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class w ho has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. 
Page 6 of 6 
Account Number: N 
ncottesmom 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
SNOUT ICILNOW 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
CMI•O through Penabos UM. • wholly owed 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yert Mellon 
Comeration (BNY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083031 
SDNY_GM_00229215 
EFTA01383336

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383337.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383337.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Chao:he Oink Ihhow %oath Maananotol 
Walsh haashe Wows 
Deviate Rank Sasepeu PIC 
New Yak Ms 
HS Pea Anna, nth host 
New Wtt. NY I0154 
Toll free 166 NI I-5503 
Wets 310 $45 fl at 
Decem ber 1, 2018 - Decem ber 31, 2018 
Account Number: N4G-024935 
JEEPERS INC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
Pry: to 
Glance 
oat a 
 ThlsPerlod
Year-I o-Dale 
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$3,262,678.85 
243 862 08 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
0.00 
.41 276 H 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
262.878 85 
3,202 585 97 
Dividends Interest and Other Income 
6.105 99 
717 18 
Net  Change in Portfolio' 
00 
-32  318 31 
ENDINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$3 268184 84 
13,268,984/4 
Estimated Annual loom 
529 866 42 
I Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
Percent 
Asset Type 
Prior Year-Bid 
last Period 
This Period 
100% 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
1,522,837.51 
3,262,878.85 
3268.984.84 
0% 
Mutual  Funds 
1,721,024.57_ 
0.00  
0.00 
100% 
Account Total 
$3,243,862.08 
$3.262,878.85 
$3,268,984.84 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
Your Account is 100% invested in Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits. 
Go paperless 
AIX oiOUTt.IXIIVIri 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page lot 7 
Rated ntellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDICE 
Marts through Pentabos UM. • wholly owed 
subskrun of The BIS al Ni. Vott Milk. 
Comer/Mon (eNY Mellen) 
PtiSPWS LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083032 
SDNY_GM_00229216 
EFTA01383337

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383338.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383338.pdf
----------------------------------------
Summary of Gains and Losses 
Short-Term Gain! Loss 
This Period 
00 
Realized 
Year-101M.
-1,218.82 
Unrealized
0.00 
Long-Term Gain/ Loss 
0.00 
-142.847.98 
0.00 
Net Gain/ Loss 
0.00 
443,866.80 
0.00 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis information is not available. 
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced • negative interest rates' . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 13 99 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
Money Mark et Fund Deta; I 
Dale 
Sweep Money M arket Fund 
CASH AC TR DWS GOVT & AG INSTL 
Current Yield: 2.26% Activity Ending. 12/ 3V 'LS 
12101/18 
Opening Balance 
3,262,878 85 
3,262,878.85 
12/31/18 
Deposit 
INCOM EREINVEST 
6.105.99 
268 984.84 
12/31118 
Closing Balance  
53,268,984.84
Total All Money Market Funds 
53,268,984.84 
Activity Type 
Description 
Amount 
Balance 
Income and Expense Summary 
()anent Period 
Taxable 
Non Taxable 
YeLto•Clate 
Taxable  
Non Tumble 
Dividend Income 
M oney Market 
6.105 99 
0.00 
29,866.42 
0.00 
Other Dividends 
0.00 
0.00 
68150.78 
0.00 
Total Dividends, Interest. Income and Expenses 
56.105 99 
$0.00 
598 717 18 
$0.00 
Accotat Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
AU( mow touNley A 
Page2 of 7 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71O75 
EXCELIDKE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly road 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yore Mak. 
Comeration OM Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083033 
SDNY_GM_00229217 
EFTA01383338

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383339.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings 
December 1,2018 - December 31,2018 
JEERERS IN C 
Opening 
Dosing 
Awned 
Desaiption 
Ouentily 
Balance 
Balance 
Income 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS 100.00% of Portfolio 
Money Market 
Income 
30.Dity 
This Year 
Yield 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT .1 AG INSP. 
268 984 840 
3,262,678.85  
3.268984.64  
0.00 
866 42 
2.19% 
Total Money  Market  
$3,262,878.85  
$3,268,984.84 
$0.00 
$29.866.42 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS 
$3,262,878.85 
$3.268.984 84 
$0.00 
$29.866.42 
Merkel Value 
TOTAL PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS 
$3 268.984 84 
$0 .00 
$29,866.42 
Awned 
Estimated 
interest 
Annual income 
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for w hich a price is not available are marked "NIA' and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PRICEDATEONLY APPEARSWHIN THEPRICEDATEDOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income ( EA I) and estimated annual yield (EAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing ads as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 3 of 7 
Account Number N• 
Go paper$ess 
AiX 04010 t.CCIVOIY 4 
Rated twellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
070BAR RATED COMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR three* Penabos LW. • wholly *ad 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. York Make 
Comeration (INY Melon) 
PtiShra 0.C. merit( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083034 
SDNY_GM_00229218 
EFTA01383339

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383340.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures (continued) 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 1%. unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account.
Messages 
Please note the following information for Pershing's2018 IRSForm 1099 (B. DIV, INT, M ISC and 0ID): Your Form 1099 will be delivered as early as possible, beginning January 31, 
2019. By February 15. you will be mailed either your Form 1099 or a special Pending 1099 Notice The Pending 1099 Notice will be sent if we have not received and processed final 
information from issuers and trustees of securities that you hold by the as of date of the February 15 1099 mailing. You will also be sent the notice if your information is still being 
reviewed and finalized. The notice will inform you of the securities that are pending final reporting and provides the anticipated mail date of your 1099. Your 1099 will be mailed no 
later than M arch 15.2019. 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at S1 per share. it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10 b-10(b)(1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Securities 
Credits This Period  
Debits This Period 
Net This Period 
Credits Ye/Mc-Date 
Debits Year4o•Dele 
Net Yea•to•Date 
Securities Bought 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
41.820.14 
41,820.14 
Securities Sold 
0.00 
000 
0.00 
1.750.526.40 
0.00 
1.750.526.40 
Total Securities 
$0 .00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$1,750,526.40 
461,820.14 
$1.688.706.26 
Dividends and Interest 
96.105.99 
$000 
96.105.99 
$98,717.16 
$0 .00 
898 717 18 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
000 
0.00 
0.00 
-134.984.04 
-134,984.04 
Deposes 
0.00 
000 
0.00 
93.707.93 
0.00 
93.707.93 
Total Cash 
SO 00 
$0.00 
$0 00 
$93,707.93 
4134,984 04 
441 276.11 
Totals 
56.105 99 
$0.00 
86.105.99 
$1 .942.951.51 
4196.804 18 
$1,746,147.33 
Page 4 of 7 
Account Number N4G-024935 
A:cors
:rr 
Go papetiess 
MX AIM!' b011ivtorr 4 
RAW btellent 
Every Yes Since 2007 
OALOAR RATIO COMMUNICATOM 
EXCELLENCE 
Clutits Ovaugh Prams tIC.• wbdly swine 
sublidiary of The In al New York Mellon 
Corporation (SNY Mellon) 
Perstnt LLC. inesnber flI4RA, NYS. SW.: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083035 
SDNY_GM_00229219 
EFTA01383340

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383341.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Transactions by Type otActivit y 
Process 
Setliernent 
Dale 
Activity Type 
Dividends and Interest 
12/31/18 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
INCOME RECEIVED 
PER232045 
Total Dividends and Interest - U S DOLLARS 
December 1,2018 - December 31,2018 
JEERERS INC 
Desaiption 
CASK ACTR011600V 
Quality 
Prke 
Accrued interest 
Amount Cuirency 
6,105.99 
USD 
0.00 
6,105.99 
Total Value of Transactions 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded. 
Your Investment !peciallie ZEN  
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 10154 
0.00 
6,105.99 USD 
 Canted Information  
Telephone Number: r 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount in income annually: 
No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
You have not selected any account communications for electronic delivery. To register and turn off paper communications. log in to your account or contact your Investment 
Specialist for more information. 
Account Number NU 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
AIX 04OUT UAW:Corr 
Page 5 of 7 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Meech Penabos UM. • wholly road 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mak. 
Corporation (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083036 
SDNY_GM_00229220 
EFTA01383341

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383342.pdf
----------------------------------------
important nfoi mat on and D sclosres 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any. to you and in general. for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.comi about/ strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found nh first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, 
One Pershing Raze, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399;. 
Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time lim its for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class w ho has not opted out of the class w ith respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
(Ill) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern 
Pershing's contact information is as follows. Pershing LLC. Legal Department. One Pershing Ft aza, Jersey City. New Jersey 07399; 
Page 6 of 7 
Accoint Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
SNOUT ICILIVIRY 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly road 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yert Melba 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083037 
SDNY_GM_00229221 
EFTA01383342

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383343.pdf
----------------------------------------
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
TRANSACTIONS 
• ALL ORDERS AND TRANSACTIONS SHALL SE SOLELY FOR YOUR ACCOUNT AND RISK SHALL BE 
SUBJECT TO THE CONSTITUTION, RULES, REGULATIONS. CUSTOMS. USAGES. RULINGS AND 
INTERPRETATIONS OF THE EXCHANGE OR MARKET AND THE CLEARING FACILITY. IF ANY. WHERE 
THE TRANSACTIONS ARE EXECUTED ANDIOR SETTLED. OR IF APPLICABLE, OF THE FINANCIAL 
INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY AND TO ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. 
• TITLE TO SECURITIES SOLD TO YOU. WHERE PERSHING HAS ACTED AS PRINCIPAL, SHALL REMAIN 
WITH PERSHING UNTIL THE ENTIRE PURCHASE PRICE IS RECEIVED OR UNTIL THE SETTLEMENT 
DATE. WHICHEVER IS LATER. 
• YOU MAY HAVE RECEIVED CONFIRMATIONS FOR TRANSACTIONS WHICH DO NOT APPEAR ON YOUR 
STATEMENT. IF SO. THE TRANSACTIONS WILL APPEAR ON YOUR NEXT PERIODIC STATEMENT. SUCH 
TRANSACTIONS MUST BE CONSIDERED BY YOU WHEN COMPUTING THE VALUE OF YOUR ACCOUNT. 
THIS IS ESPECIALLY TRUE F YOU HAVE WRITTEN OPTIONS WHICH HAVE BEEN EXERCISED. 
FREE CREDIT BALANCES: ANY FREE CREDIT BALANCE CARRIED FOR YOUR ACCOUNT REPRESENTS 
FUNDS PAYABLE UPON DEMAND WHICH. ALTHOUGH PROPERLY ACCOUNTED FOR ON PERSHING'S 
BOOKS OF RECORD. ARE NOT SEGREGATED AND MAY BE USED IN THE CONDUCT OF ITS BUSINESS. 
DEBIT BALANCES: INTEREST CHARGED ON DEBIT BALANCES IN YOUR ACCOUNT APPEARS ON THE 
STATEMENT. THE RATE OF INTEREST AND PERIOD COVERED ARE INDICATED. THE RATE MAY CHANGE 
FROM TIME TO TIME DUE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN MONEY RATES OR OTHER REASONS. INTEREST IS 
COMPUTED AS DESCRIBED IN MATERIAL PREVIOUSLY FURNISHED TO YOU. PLEASE CONTACT YOUR 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION IF YOU DESIRE ADDITIONAL COPIES. 
MARGIN INFORMATION: F YOU MAINTAIN A MARGIN ACCOUNT. THIS IS A COMBINED STATEMENT OF 
YOUR GENERAL ACCOUNT AND A SPECIAL MEMORANDUM ACCOUNT MAINTAINED FOR YOU UNDER 
REGULATION T OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. THE PERMANENT 
RECORD OF THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT AS REQUIRED BY REGULATION T IS AVALABLE FOR YOUR 
NSPECTION UPON REQUEST. 
TAX INFORMATION 
• AFTER YEAR END. PERSHING IS REQUIRED TO PROVIDE TAX INFORMATION TO THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE SERVICE AND OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. AT THAT TIME PERSHING WILL 
PROVIDE THAT INFORMATION ON THE ANNUAL TAX INFORMATION STATEMENT TO YOU: USE THAT 
STATEMENT TO PREPARE YOUR TAX FLINGS. THE TAX STATEMENT ALSO INCLUDES OTHER USEFUL 
INFORMATION TO ASSIST IN ACCUMULATING THE DATA TO PREPARE YOUR TAX RETURNS. 
• DIVIDENDS. INTEREST AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS SHOWN ON THIS STATEMENT WERE CLASSFIED 
AS TAXABLE OR NONTAXABLE BASED ON CERTAIN INFORMATION KNOWN AS OF THE DISTRIBUTION 
DATE. THIS CLASSFICATION IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND IS SOLELY INTENDED FOR USE AS 
GENERAL INFORMATION. 
• PERSHING DOES NOT PROVIDE TAX. INVESTMENT OR LEGAL ADVISORY SERVICES AND NO ONE 
ASSOCIATED WITH PERSHING IS AUTHORIZED TO RENDER SUCH ADVICE. DO NOT RELY UPON ANY 
SUCH ADVICE. IF GIVEN. INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS TO 
DETERMINE THE APPROPRIATE TAX TREATMENT OF THEIR BUSINESS. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
• WHENEVER YOU ARE INDEBTED TO PERSHING LLC ("PERSHING') FOR ANY AMOUNT. ALL SECURITIES 
HELD BY IT FOR YOU IN ANY ACCOUNT IN WHICH YOU HAVE ANY INTEREST SHALL SECURE ALL YOUR 
LIABILITIES TO PERSHING. AND PERSHING MAY IN ITS DISCRETION AT ANY TIME. WITHOUT TENDER. 
DEMAND OR NOTICE TO YOU, CLOSE OR REDUCE ANY OR ALL OF YOUR ACCOUNTS BY PUBLIC OR 
PRIVATE SALE OR PURCHASE OR BOTH OF ALL OR ANY SECURITIES CARRIED IN SUCH ACCOUNTS: 
ANY BALANCE REMAINING DUE PERSHING TO BE PROMPTLY PAID BY YOU. 
• WHENEVER YOU ARE INDEBTED TO PERSHING FOR ANY AMOUNT. ALL SECURITIES CARRIED FOR 
YOUR ACCOUNT ARE OR MAY BE, WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE TO YOU. LOANED OR PLEDGED BY 
PERSHING, EITHER SEPARATELY OR UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH WILL PERMIT THE 
COMMINGLING THEREOF, WITH OTHER SECURITIES FOR ANY AMOUNT LESS THAN. EQUAL TO OR 
GREATER THAN YOUR UABILMES TO PERSHING. BUT NOT UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES FOR AN AMOUNT 
PROHIBITED BY LAW. 
IF ANY OF THE MOVE TERMS Mm CONDITIONS ARE UNACCEPTABLE 70 YOU 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
• PERSHING MAY TRADE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AS A MARKET MAKER. SPECIALIST. ODD LOT DEALER. 
BLOCK POSITIONER. ARBITRAGEUR OR INVESTOR. CONSEQUENTLY. AT THE TIME OF ANY 
TRANSACTION YOU MAY MAKE, PERSHNG MAY HAVE A POSITION IN SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH 
POSITION MAY BE PARTIALLY OR COMPLETELY HEDGED. 
• IF AVERAGE PRICE TRANSACTION IS INDICATED ON THE FRONT OF THIS STATEMENT YOUR 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION OR PERSHING MAY HAVE ACTED AS PRINCIPAL. AGENT OR BOTH. DETALS 
AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST. 
• A FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF PERSHING IS AVAILABLE FOR YOUR PERSONAL INSPECTION AT 
PERSHING'S OFFICES. A COPY OF IT WILL BE MAILED UPON YOUR WRITTEN REQUEST OR YOU CAN 
VIEW IT ONLINE AT WWW.PERSHING.COM. 
• FOR BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES: WWW.PERSHNO.COWDISCLOSURES. 
• THIS STATEMENT SHOULD BE RETAINED FOR YOUR RECORDS. 
PAYMENT FOR ORDER FLOW AND ORDER ROUTING POLICIES DISCLOSURES (REGULATION NMS-
RULE 607(A)(1)-(2)) 
PERSHING SENDS CERTAIN EQUITY ORDERS TO EXCHANGES, ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION 
NETWORKS, OR BROKER-DEALERS DURING NORMAL BUSINESS HOURS AND DURING EXTENDED 
TRADNG SESSIONS. CERTAIN OF THESE VENUES PROVIDE PAYMENTS TO PERSHING OR CHARGE 
ACCESS FEES TO PERSHING DEPENDING UPON THE CHARACTERISTICS OF THE ORDER AND ANY 
SUBSEQUENT EXECUTION. THE DETALS OF THESE PAYMENTS AND FEES ARE AVAILABLE UPON 
WRITTEN REQUEST. PERSHING REGENTS PAYMENTS FOR DIRECTING LISTED OPTIONS ORDER FLOW 
TO CERTAIN OPTION EXCHANGES. IN ADDITION. PERSHING ROUTES CERTAIN EQUITY AND OPTION 
ORDERS TO ITS AFFILIATE. BNY MELLON CAPITAL MARKETS. LLC, FOR EXECUTION AS PRINCIPAL. 
COMPENSATION IS GENERALLY IN THE FORM OF A PER OPTION CONTRACT CASH PAYMENT. 
BEST EXECUTION: NOTWITHSTANDING THE PREVIOUS PARAGRAPH REGARDING PAYMENT FOR ORDER 
FLOW. PERSHING SELECTS CERTAIN MARKET CENTERS TO PROVIDE EXECUTION OF OVER-THE-
COUNTER AND EXCHANGE-LISTED SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS WHICH AGREE TO ACCEPT ORDERS. 
TRANSMITTED ELECTRONICALLY UP TO A SPECIFIED SIZE. AND TO EXECUTE THEM AT OR BETTER THAN 
THE NATIONAL BEST BID OR OFFER (NBBO). ON CERTAIN LARGER ORDERS, OR F THE DESIGNATED 
MARKET CENTERS DO NOT MAKE A MARKET IN THE SUBJECT SECURITY. PERSHING DIRECTLY 
CONTACTS MARKET CENTERS TO OBTAIN AN EXECUTION. THE DESIGNATED MARKET CENTERS TO 
WHICH ORDERS ARE AUTOMATICALLY ROUTED ARE SELECTED BASED ON THE CONSISTENT HIGH 
QUALITY OF THEIR EXECUTIONS IN ONE OR MORE MARKET SEGMENTS AND THEIR ABLITY TO PROVIDE 
OPPORTUNITIES FOR EXECUTIONS AT PRICES SUPERIOR TO THE NBBO. PERSHING ALSO REGULARLY 
REVIEWS REPORTS FOR QUALITY OF EXECUTION PURPOSES. 
EASE NOTIFY PERS-MIG IMMEDIATELY IN WRITING SY CERTVIED PAUL TO ONE PERSHING PLATA. JERSEY CITY. N107399. ATM LEON. DEPT 
Account Number N4G-024935 
A:CV=r4:1! 
Page 7 of ? 
Go paperless 
way, talinitY 4 
Raid Eitelloni 
Every Year Since 2007 
MBAR MOD COMMUNICATIONS 
EXCE LIDICE 
Chfl Swoosh PenMos LIG. • Molly owned 
sthlicSmy al The Bak a1Pkw Wet Wk. 
Comeration (BAY Melon) 
Pasha/ LLC. motto, ANSA. NYSE SIPC 
DB—SDNY-0083038 
SDNY GM_00229222 
EFTA01383343

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383344.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383344.pdf
----------------------------------------
ISDA® 
International Swap fluters Association. Inc 
2002 MASTER AGREEMENT 
Deutsche Bank AG 
dated as of October 28, 2013 
among 
and 
Southern Financial, LLC 
have entered and/or anticipate entering into one or more transactions (each a "Transaction") that are or will be 
governed by this Master Agreement, which includes the schedule (the "Schedule"), and the documents and 
other confirming evidence (each a "Confirmation") exchanged between the parties or otherwise effective for 
the purpose of confirming or evidencing those Transactions. This 2002 Master Agreement and the Schedule 
are together referred to as this "Master Agreement". 
Accordingly, the parties agree as follows: — 
I. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions The terms defined in Section 14 and elsewhere in this Master Agreement will have the 
meanings therein specified for the purpose of this Master Agreement. 
(b) 
Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Schedule and the other 
provisions of this Master Agreement, the Schedule will prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
provisions of any Confirmation and this Master Agreement, such Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of 
the relevant Transaction. 
-
(c) 
Single Agreement. All Transactions are entered into in reliance on the fact that this Master Agreement 
and all Confirmations form a single agreement between the parties (collectively referred to as this 
"Agreement"), and the parties would not otherwise enter into any Transactions. 
2. 
Obligations 
(a) 
General Conditions. 
(i) 
Each party will make each payment or delivery specified in each Confirmation to be made by it, 
subject to the other provisions of this Agreement. 
(ii) Payments under this Agreement will be made on the due date for value on that date in the place 
of the account specified in the relevant Confirmation or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, in freely 
transferable funds and in the manner customary for payments in the required currency. Where 
settlement is by delivery (that is, other than by payment), such delivery will be made for receipt on the 
due date in the manner customary for the relevant obligation unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement. 
Coppight O 2002 by International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083039 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229223 
EFTA01383344

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383345.pdf
----------------------------------------
(iii) 
Each obligation of each pasty under Section 2(a)(i) is subject to (1) the condition precedent that no 
Event of Default or Potential Event of Default with respect to the other party has occurred and is continuing, 
(2) the condition precedent that no Early Termination Date in respect of the relevant Transaction has 
occurred or been effectively designated and (3) each other condition specified in this Agreement to be a 
condition precedent for the purpose of this Section 2(a)(iii). 
(b) 
Change of Account. Either party may change its account for receiving a payment or delivery by giving 
notice to the other party at least five Local Business Days prior to the Scheduled Settlement Date for the payment or 
delivery to which such change applies unless such other party gives timely notice of a reasonable objection to such 
change. 
(c) 
Netting of Payments. If on any date amounts would otherwise be payable:—
(i) 
in the same currency; and 
(ii) 
in respect of the same Transaction, 
by each party to the other, then, on such date, each party's obligation to make payment of any such amount will be 
automatically satisfied and discharged and, if the aggregate amount that would otherwise have been payable by one 
party exceeds the aggregate amount that would otherwise have been payable by the other party, replaced by an 
obligation upon the party by which the larger aggregate amount would have been payable to pay to the other party the 
excess of the larger aggregate amount over the smaller aggregate amount. 
The parties may elect in respect of two or more Transactions that a net amount and payment obligation will be 
determined in respect of all amounts payable on the same date in the same currency in respect of those Transactions, 
regardless of whether such amounts are payable in respect of the same Transaction. The election may be made in the 
Schedule or any Confirmation by specifying that "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" applies to the Transactions 
identified as being subject to the election (in which case clause (ii) above will not apply to such Transactions). If 
Multiple Transaction Payment Netting is applicable to Transactions, it will apply to those Transactions with effect 
from the starting date specified in the Schedule or such Confirmation, or, if a starting date is not specified in the 
Schedule or such Confirmation, the slatting date otherwise agreed by the parties in writing. This election may be 
made separately for different groups of Transactions and will apply separately to each pairing of Offices through 
which the parties make and receive payments or deliveries. 
(d) 
Deduction or Withholding for Tax. 
(i) 
Gross-Vp. All payments under this Agreement wiU be made without any deduction or withholding 
for or on account of any Tax unless such deduction or withholding is required by any applicable law, as 
modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, then in effect. If a party is so 
required to deduct or withhold, then that patty ("X") will:—
(1) 
promptly notify the other party ("Y") of such requirement; 
(2) 
pay to the relevant authorities the full amount required to be deducted or withheld 
(including the full amount required to be deducted or withheld from any additional amount paid by 
X to V' under this Section 2(d)) promptly upon the earlier of determining that such deduction or 
withholding is required or receiving notice that such amount has been assessed against Y; 
(3) 
promptly forward to Y an official receipt (or a certified copy), or other documentation 
reasonably acceptable to Y, evidencing such payment to such authorities; and 
ISDAO 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083040 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229224 
EFTA01383345

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383346.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383346.pdf
----------------------------------------
(4) 
if such Tax is an Indemnifiable Tax, pay to Y, in addition to the payment to which Y is 
otherwise entitled under this Agreement, such additional amount as is necessary to ensure that the 
net amount actually received by Y (free and clear of Indemnifiable Taxes, whether assessed against 
X or Y) will equal the full amount Y would have received had no such deduction or withholding 
been required. However, X will not be required to pay any additional amount to Y to the extent that 
it would not be required to be paid but for:—
(A) 
the failure by Y to comply with or perform any agreement contained in 
Section 4(a)(i), 4(aXiii) or 4(d); or 
(B) 
the failure of a representation made by Y pursuant to Section XI) to be accurate 
and true unless such failure would not have occurred bet for (I) any action taken by a 
taxing authority, or brought in a court of competent jurisdiction, after a Transaction is 
entered into (regardless of whether such action is taken or brought with respect to a party 
to this Agreement) or (II) a Change in Tax Law. 
(ii) 
Liability. If:—
(I) 
X is required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant 
governmental revenue authority. to make any deduction or withholding in respect of which X would 
not be required to pay an additional amount to Y under Section 2(dXi)(4); 
(2) 
X does not so deduct or withhold; and 
(3) 
a liability resulting from such Tax is assessed directly against X. 
then, except to the extent Y has satisfied or then satisfies the liability resulting from such Tax. Y will 
promptly pay to X the amount of such liability (including any related liability for interest, but including any 
related liability for penalties only if Y has failed to comply with or perform any agreement contained in 
Section 4(aXi), 4(aXiii) or 4(d)). 
3. 
Representations 
Each party makes the representations contained in Sections 3(a), 3(b), 3(c), 3(d), 3(e) and 3(f) and, if specified in the 
Schedule as applying. 3(g) to the other party (which representations will be deemed to be repeated by each party on 
each date on which a Transaction is entered into and, in the case of the representations in Section 3(0, at all times 
until the termination of this Agreement). If any "Additional Representation" is specified in the Schedule or any 
Confirmation as applying, the party or parties specified for such Additional Representation will make and, if 
applicable, be deemed to repeat such Additional Representation at the time or times specified for such Additional 
Representation. 
(a) 
Basic Representations. 
(i) 
Status. It is duly organised and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organisation 
or incorporation and, if relevant under such laws, in good standing; 
(ii) 
Powers. It has the power to execute this Agreement and any other documentation relating to this 
Agreement to which it is a party, to deliver this Agreement and any other documentation relating to this 
Agreement that it is required by this Agreement to deliver and to perform its obligations under this 
Agreement and any obligations it has under any Credit Support Document to which it is a party and has 
taken all nereisary action to authorise such execution, delivery and performance; 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083041 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229225 
EFTA01383346

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383347.pdf
----------------------------------------
(iii) 
No Violation or Conflict. Such execution, delivery and performance do not violate or conflict with 
any law applicable to it, any provision of its constitutional documents, any order or judgment of any court or 
other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets or any contractual restriction binding on or 
affecting it or any of its assets; 
(iv) 
Consents. All governmental and other consents that are required to have been obtained by it with 
respect to this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it is a party have been obtained and are 
in full force and effect and all conditions of any such consents have been complied with; and 
(v) 
Obligations Binding. Its obligations under this Agreement and any Credit Support Document to 
which it is a party constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their 
respective terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy, reorganisation, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws 
affecting creditors' rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to equitable principles of general 
application (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law)). 
(b) 
Absence of Certain Events. No Event of Default or Potential Event of Default or, to its knowledge, 
Termination Event with respect to it has occurred and is continuing and no such event or circumstance would occur 
as a result of its entering into or performing its obligations under this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to 
which it is a party. 
(c) 
Absence of Litigation. There is not pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it, any of its Credit 
Support Providers or any of its applicable Specified Entities any action, suit or proceeding at law or in equity or 
before any court, tribunal, governmental body, agency or official or any arbitrator that is likely to affect the legality. 
validity or enforceability against it of this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it is a party or its 
ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or such Credit Support Document 
(d) 
Accuracy of Specified Information. All applicable information that is furnished in writing by or on behalf 
of it to the other party and is identified for the purpose of this Section 3(d) in the Schedule is, as of the date of the 
information, true, accurate and complete in every material respect. 
(e) 
Payer Tax Representation. Each representation specified in the Schedule as being made by it for the 
purpose of this Section 3(e) is accurate and true. 
(f) 
Payee Tax Representations. Each representation specified in the Schedule as being made by it for the 
purpose of this Section 3(f) is accurate and true. 
(8) 
No Agency. It is entering imo this Agreement, including each Transaction, as principal and not as agent of 
any person or entity. 
4. 
Agreements 
Each party agrees with the other that so long as either party has or may have any obligation under this Agreement or 
under any Credit Support Document to which it is a party:—
(a) 
Furnish Specified Information. It will deliver to the other party or. in certain cases under clause (iii) 
below, to such government or taxing authority as the other party reasonably directs:—
(i) 
any forms, documents or certificates relating to taxation specified in the Schedule or any 
Confirmation; 
(ii) 
any other documents specified in the Schedule or any Confirmation; and 
ISDAS 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083042 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229228 
EFTA01383347

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383348.pdf
----------------------------------------
(iii) 
upon reasonable demand by such other party, any form or document that may be required or 
reasonably requested in writing in order to allow such other party or its Credit Support Provider to make a 
payment under this Agreement or any applicable Credit Support Document without any deduction or 
withholding for or on account of any Tax or with such deduction or withholding at a reduced rate (so long as 
the completion, execution or submission of such form or document would not materially prejudice the legal 
or commercial position of the party in receipt of such demand), with any such form or document to be 
accurate and completed in a manner reasonably satisfactory to such other party and to be executed and to be 
delivered with any reasonably required certification, 
in each case by the date specified in the Schedule or such Confirmation or, if none is specified, as soon as reasonably 
practicable. 
(b) 
Maintain Authorisations. It will use all reasonable efforts to maintain in full force and effect all consents of 
any governmental or other authority that are required to be obtained by it with respect to this Agreement or any 
Credit Support Document to which it is a party and will use all reasonable efforts to obtain any that may become 
necessary in the future. 
(c) 
Comply With (421$1. It will comply in all material respects with all applicable laws end orders to which it 
may be subject if failure so to comply would materially impair its ability to perform its obligations under this 
Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it is a party. 
(d) 
Tax Agreement. It will give notice of any failure of a representation made by it under Section 3(f) to be 
accurate and true promptly upon learning of such failure. 
(e) 
Payment of Stamp Tax. Subject to Section II. it will pay any Stamp Tax levied or imposed upon it or in 
respect of its execution or performance of this Agreement by a jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, organised, 
managed and controlled or considered to have its seat, or where an Office through which it is acting for the purpose 
of this Agreement is located ("Stamp Tax Jurisdiction"), and will indemnify the other party against any Stamp Tax 
levied or imposed upon the other party or in respect of the other party's execution or performance of this Agreement 
by any such Stamp Tax Jurisdiction which is not also a Stamp Tax Jurisdiction with respect to the other party. 
5. 
Events of Default and Termination Events 
(a) 
Events of Default. The occurrence at any time with respect to a party or, if applicable, any Credit Support 
Provider of such party or any Specified Entity of such party of any of the following events constitutes (subject to 
Sections 5(c) and 6(e)(iv)) an event of default (an "Event of Default") with respect to such party:—
(i) 
Failure to Pay or Deliver. Failure by the party to make, when due. any payment under this 
Agreement or delivery under Section 2(a)(i) Of 9(hXiX2) or (4) required to be made by it if such failure is 
not remedied on or before the first Local Business Day in the case of any such payment or the first Local 
Delivery Day in the case of any such delivery after, in each case, notice of such failure is given to the party; 
(ii) 
Breach of Agreement; Repudiation of Agreement. 
(1) 
Failure by the party to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation (other than an 
obligation to make any payment under this Agreement or delivery under Section 2(aXi) or 9(hXiX2) 
or (4) or to give notice of a Termination Event or any agreement or obligation under Section 4(a)(i), 
4(a)(iii) or 4(d)) to be complied with or performed by the party in accordance with this Agreement 
if such failure is not remedied within 30 days after notice of such failure is given to the party; or 
(2) 
the party disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of. this Master Agreement. any Confirmation executed and delivered by that party or any 
ODA. 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083043 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229227 
EFTA01383348

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383349.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tran.saction evidenced by such a Confirtnation (or such action is taken by any person or entity 
appointed or empowered to operate it or act on its behalf); 
(iii) 
Credit Support Default. 
(1) 
Failure by the party or any Credit Support Provider of such party to comply with or 
perform any agreement or obligation to be complied with or performed by it in accordance with any 
Credit Support Document if such failure is continuing after any applicable grace period has elapsed; 
(2) 
the expiration or termination of such Credit Support Document or the failing or ceasing of 
such Credit Support Document, or any security interest granted by such party or such Credit 
Support Provider to the other party pursuant to any such Credit Support Document, to be in MI 
force and effect for the purpose of this Agreement (in each case other than in accordance with its 
terms) prior to the satisfaction of all obligations of such party under each Transaction to which such 
Credit Support Document relates without the written consent of thc other party; or 
(3) 
the party or such Credit Support Provider disaffimts, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in 
whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, such Credit Support Document (or such action is 
taken by any person or entity appointed or empowered to operate it or act on its behalf); 
(iv) 
Misrepresentation. A representation (other than a representation under Section 3(e) or 3(f)) made 
or repeated or deemed to have been made or repeated by the party or any Credit Support Provider of such 
party in this Agreement or any Credit Support Document proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any 
material respect when made or repeated or deemed to have been made or repeated; 
(v) 
Default Under Specified Transaction. The party, any Credit Support Provider of such party or any 
applicable Specified Entity of such party:—
(I) 
defaults (other than by failing to make a delivery) under a Specified Transaction or any 
credit support arrangement relating to a Specified Transaction and, after giving effect to any 
applicable notice requirement or grace period, such default results in a liquidation of, an 
acceleration of obligations under, or an early termination of, that Specified Transaction; 
(2) 
defaults, after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement or grace period, in making 
any payment due on the last payment or exchange date of, or any payment on early termination of, a 
Specified Transaction (or, if there is no applicable notice requirement or grace period, such default 
continues for at least one Local Business Day); 
(3) 
defaults in making any delivery due under (including any delivery due on the last delivery 
or exchange date ot) a Specified Transaction or any credit support arrangement relating to a 
Specified Transaction and, after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement or grace period. 
such default results in a liquidation of, an acceleration of obligations under, or an early termination 
of, all transactions outstanding under the documentation applicable to that Specified Transaction; or 
(4) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity 
of, a Specified Transaction or any credit support arrangement relating to a Specified Transaction 
that is. in either case. confirmed or evidenced by a document or other confirming evidence executed 
and delivered by that party, Credit Support Provider or Specified Entity (or such action is taken by 
any person or entity appointed or empowered to operate it or act on its behalf); 
ISM@ 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083044 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229228 
EFTA01383349

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383350.pdf
----------------------------------------
(vi) 
Cross•Dejault. If "Cross-Default" is specified in the Schedule as applying to the party, the 
occurrence or existence of:—
(I) 
a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described) in 
respect of such party, any Credit Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity 
of such party under one or more agreements or instruments relating to Specified Indebtedness of 
any of them (individually or collectively) where the aggregate principal amount of such agreements 
or instruments. either alone or together with the amount, if any, referred to in clause (2) below, is 
not less than the applicable Threshold Amount (as specified in the Schedule) which has resulted in 
such Specified Indebtedness becoming. or becoming capable at such time of being declared, due 
and payable under such agreements or instruments before it would otherwise have been due and 
payable: or 
(2) 
a default by such party, such Credit Support Provider or such Specified Entity 
(individually or collectively) in making one or more payments under such agreements or 
instruments on the due date for payment (after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement or 
grace period) in an aggregate amount, either alone or together with the amount, if any, referred to in 
clause (I) above, of not less than the applicable Threshold Amount; 
(vii) 
Bankruptcy. The party, any Credit Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified 
Entity of such party:—
(1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger): (2) becomes 
insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or-fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its 
debts as they become due; (3) makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of its creditors: (4)(A) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or 
any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its bead or home office, a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or 
(B) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights. 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (A) above and either (I) results 
in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation or (U) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in 
each case within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (5) has a resolution passed for its 
winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (6) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for 
all or substantially all its assets; (7) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its 
assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 15 days 
thereafter; (8) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (I) to (7) above 
(inclusive); or (9) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to. approval of, or 
acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts; or 
ISDAS 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083045 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229229 
EFTA01383350

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383351.pdf
----------------------------------------
(viii) 
Merger Without Assumption. The party or any Credit Support Provider of such party consolidates 
or amalgamates with, or merges with or into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to. or reorganises, 
reincorporates or reconstitutes into or as, another entity and, at the time of such consolidation. 
amalgamation, merger, transfer. reorganisation, reincorporation or reconstitution:—
the resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to assume all the obligations of such party 
or such Credit Support Provider under this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it 
or its predecessor was a party: or 
(2) 
the benefits of any Credit Support Document fail to extend (without the consent of the 
other party) to the performance by such resulting, surviving or transferee entity of its obligations 
under this Agreement. 
(b) 
Termination Events. The occurrence at any time with respect to a party or, if applicable, any Credit 
Support Provider of such party or any Specified Entity of such party of any event specified below constitutes (subject 
to Section 5(c)) an Illegality if the event is specified in clause (i) below, a Force Majeure Event if the event is 
specified in clause (ii) below, a Tax Event if the event is specified in clause (iii) below, a Tax Event Upon Merger if 
the event is specified in clause (iv) below, and, if specified to be applicable, a Credit Event Upon Merger if the event 
is specified pursuant to clause (v) below or an Additional Termination Event if the event is specified pursuant to 
clause (vi) below:—
(i) 
Illegality. After giving effect to any applicable provision, disruption fallback or remedy specified 
in, or pursuant to, the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement, due to an event or circumstance 
(other than any action taken by a party or, if applicable, any Credit Support Provider of such party) 
occurring after a Transaction is entered into, it becomes unlawful under any applicable law (including 
without limitation the laws of any country in which payment. delivery or compliance is required by either 
party or any Credit Support Provider, as the case may be), on any day, or it would be unlawful if the relevant 
payment. delivery or compliance were required on that day (in each case, other than as a result of a breach 
by the party of Section 4(b)):—
(1) 
for the Office through which such party (which will be the Affected Party) makes and 
receives payments or deliveries with respect to such Transaction to perform any absolute or 
contingent obligation to make a payment or delivery in respect of such Transaction, to receive a 
payment or delivery in respect of such Transaction or to comply with any other material provision 
of this Agreement relating to such Transaction; or 
(2) 
for such party or any Credit Support Provider of such party (which will be the Affected 
Party) to perform any absolute or contingent obligation to make a payment or delivery which such 
party or Credit Support Provider has under any Credit Support Document relating to such 
Transaction, to receive a payment or delivery under such Credit Support Document or to comply 
with any other material provision of such Credit Support Document; 
(ii) 
Force Majeure Evens. After giving effect to any applicable provision, disruption fallback or 
remedy specified in, or pursuant to. the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement, by reason of 
force majeure or act of state occurring after a Transaction is entered into. on any day:—
(I) 
the Office through which such party (which will be the Affected Party) makes and receives 
payments or deliveries with respect to such 'transaction is prevented from performing any absolute 
or contingent obligation to make a payment or delivery in respect of such Transaction, from 
receiving a payment or delivery in respect of such Transaction or from complying with any other 
material provision of this Agreement relating to such Transaction (or would be so prevented if such 
payment, delivery or compliance were required on that day), or it becomes impossible or 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083046 
SDNY_GM_00229230 
EFTA01383351

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383352.pdf
----------------------------------------
impracticable for such Office so to perform, receive or comply (or it would be impossible or 
impracticable for such Office so to perform, receive or comply if such payment, delivery or 
compliance were required on that day); or 
(2) 
such party or any Credit Support Provider of such party (which will be the Affected Party) 
is prevented from performing any absolute or contingent obligation to make a payment or delivery 
which such party or Credit Support Provider has under any Credit Support Document relating to 
such Transaction, from receiving a payment or delivery under such Credit Support Document or 
from complying with any other material provision of such Credit Support Document (or would be 
so prevented if such payment, delivery or compliance were required on that day), or it becomes 
impossible or impracticable for such party or Credit Support Provider so to perform, receive or 
comply (or it would be impossible or impracticable for such party or Credit Support Provider so to 
perform, receive or comply if such payment, delivery or compliance were required on that day), 
so long as the force majeure or act of state is beyond the control of such Office, such party or such Credit 
Support Provider, as appropriate, and such Office, party or Credit Support Provider could not, after using all 
reasonable efforts (which will not require such party or Credit Support Provider to incur a loss. other than 
immaterial, incidental expenses), overcome such prevention, impossibility or impracticability; 
(iii) 
Tar Event. Due to (I) any action taken by a taxing authority, or brought in a court of competent 
jurisdiction, after a Transaction is entered into (regardless of whether such action is taken or brought with 
respect to a party to this Agreement) or (2) a Change in Tax Law, the party (which will be the Affected 
Party) will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, on the next succeeding Scheduled Settlement Date 
(A) be required to pay to the other party an additional amount in respect of an Indemnifiable Tax under 
Section 2(d)(iX4) (except in respect of interest under Section 9(h)) or (B) receive a payment from which an 
amount is required to be deducted or withheld for or on account of a Tax (except in respect of interest under 
Section 9(h)) and no additional amount is required to be paid in respect of such Tax under Section 2(d)(iX4) 
(other than by reason of Section 2(dXiX4)(A) or (B)); 
(iv) 
Tar Event Upon Merger. The party (the "Burdened Party") on the next succeeding Scheduled 
Settlement Date will either (I) be required to pay an additional amount in respect of an lndemnifiable Tax 
under Section 2(dXi)(4) (except in respect of interest under Section 9(h)) or (2) receive a payment front 
which an amount has been deducted or withheld for or on account of any Tax in respect of which the other 
party is not required to pay an additional amount (other than by reason of Section 2(d)(i)(4)(A) or (B)). in 
either case as a result of a party consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring 
all or substantially all its assets (or any substantial part of the assets comprising the business conducted by it 
as of the date of this Master Agreement) to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting into or as, 
another entity (which will be the Affected Patty) where such action does not constitute a Merger Without 
Assumption; 
(v) 
Credit Event Upon Merger. If "Credit Event Upon Merger" is specified in the Schedule as 
applying to the party, a Designated Event (as defined below) occurs with respect to such party, any Credit 
Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party (in each case, "X") and such 
Designated Event does not constitute a Merger Without Assumption, and the creditworthiness of X or, if 
apptzable, the successor, surviving or transferee entity of X, after taking into account any applicable Credit 
Support Document, is materially weaker immediately after the occurrence of such Designated Event than 
that of X immediately prior to the occurrence of such Designated Event (and, in any such event, such party 
or its successor, surviving or transferee entity, as appropriate, will be the Affected Party). A "Designated 
Event" with respect to X means that:—
(1) 
X consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges with or into, or transfers all or substantially 
all its assets (or any substantial part of the assets comprising the business conducted by X as of the 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083047 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229231 
EFTA01383352

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383353.pdf
----------------------------------------
date of this Master Agreement) to, or reorganises, reincorporates or reconstitutes into or as. another 
entity; 
(2) 
any person, related group of persons or entity acquires directly or indirectly the beneficial 
ownership of (A) equity securities having the power to elect a majority of the board of directors (or 
its equivalent) of X or (B) any other ownership interest enabling it to exercise control of X. or 
(3) 
X effects any substantial change in its capital structure by means of the issuance, 
incurrence or guarantee of debt or the issuance of (A) preferred stock or other securities convertible 
into or exchangeable for debt or preferred stock or (B) in the case of entities other than 
corporations, any other form of ownership interest; or 
(vi) 
Additional Termination Event. If any "Additional Termination Event" is specified in the Schedule 
or any Confirmation as applying, the occurrence of such event (and, in such event, the Affected Party or 
Affected Parties will be as specified for such Additional Termination Event in the Schedule or such 
Confirmation). 
(c) 
Hierarchy of Events. 
(i) 
An event or circumstance that constitutes or gives rise to an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event will 
not, for so long as that is the case, also constitute or give rise to an Event of Default under Section S(aXi), 
5(aXiiX I ) or 5(a)(iiiX I) insofar as such event or circumstance relates to the failure to make any payment or 
delivery or a failure to comply with any other material provision of this Agreement or a Credit Support 
Document, as the case may be. 
(ii) 
Except in circumstances contemplated by clause (1) above, if an event or circumstance which would 
otherwise constitute or give rise to an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event also constitutes an Event of 
Default or any other Termination Event, it will be treated as an Event of Default or such other Termination 
Event, as the case may be, and will not constitute or give rise to an Illegality or a Force Majcure Event. 
(hi) 
If an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a Force Majeure Event 
also constitutes an Illegality, it will be treated as an Illegality, except as described in clause (ii) above, and 
not a Force Majeure Event. 
(d) 
Deferral of Payments and Deliveries During Waiting Period. If an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event has 
occurred and is continuing with respect to a Transaction, each payment or delivery which would otherwise be 
required to be made under that Transaction will be deferred to, and will not be due untiL—
(i)
 rust Local Business Day or, in the case of a delivery, the first Local Delivery Day (or the first 
day that would have been a Local Business Day or Local Delivery Day, as appropriate. but for the 
occurrence of the event or circumstance constituting or giving rise to that Illegality or Force Majeure Event) 
following the end of any applicable Waiting Period in respect of that Illegality or Force Majeure Event, as 
the case may be; or 
(ii) 
if earlier, the date on which the event or circumstance constituting or giving rise to that Illegality or 
Force Majeure Event ceases to exist or, if such date is not a Local Business Day or. in the case of a delivery, 
a Local Delivery Day, the first following day that is a Local Business Day or Local Delivery Day, as 
appropriate. 
(e) 
Inability of Head or Home Office to Perform Obligations of Branch. If (i) an Illegality or a Force 
Majcure Event occurs under Section 5(bXiX1) or S(b)(ii)(1) and the relevant Office is not the Affected Party's head 
or home office, (ii) Section 10(a) applies, (iii) the other party seeks performance of the relevant obligation or 
1SDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083048 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229232 
EFTA01383353

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383354.pdf
----------------------------------------
(iv) 
Right to Terminate. 
(1) 
If:—
(A) 
a transfer under Section 6(bXii) or an agreement under Section 6(bXiii), as the 
case may be, has not been effected with respect to all Affected Transactions within 30 days 
after an Affected Party gives notice under Section 6(bXi); or 
(B) 
a Credit Event Upon Merger or an Additional Termination Event occurs, or a Tax 
Event Upon Merger occurs and the Burdened Party is not the Affected Party. 
the Burdened Party in the case of a Tax Event Upon Merger, any Affected Party in the case of a 
Tax Event or an Additional Termination Event if there are two Affected Parties, or the Non-
affected Patty in the case of a Credit Event Upon Merger or an Additional Termination Event if 
there is only one Affected Party may, if the relevant Termination Event is then continuing, by not 
more than 20 days notice to the other party, designate a day not earlier than the day such notice is 
effective as an Early Termination Date in respect of all Affected Transactions. 
(2) 
If at any time an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event has occurred and is then continuing 
and any applicable Waiting Period has expired:—
(A) 
Subject to clause (B) below, either party may, by not more than 20 days notice to 
the other party, designate (1) a day not earlier than the day on which such notice becomes 
effective as an Early Termination Date in respect of all Affected Transactions or (II) by 
specifying in that notice the Affected Transactions in respect of which it is designating the 
relevant day as an Early Termination Date, a day not earlier than two Local Business Days 
following the day on which such notice becomes effective as an Early Termination Date in 
respect of less than all Affected Transactions. Upon receipt of a notice designating an 
Early Termination Date in respect of less than all Affected Transactions, the other party 
may, by notice to the designating pasty. if such notice is effective on or before the day so 
designated, designate that same day as an Early Termination Date in respect of any or all 
other Affected Transactions. 
(B) 
An Affected Party (if the Illegality or Force Majeure Event relates to performance 
by such party or any Credit Support Provider of such party of an obligation to make any 
payment or delivery under, or to compliance with any other material provision of, the 
relevant Credit Support Document) will only have the right to designate an Early 
Termination Date under Section 6(bXivX2)(A) as a result of an Illegality under 
Section 5(bXiX2) or a Force Majeure Event under Section 5(b)(iiX2) following the prior 
designation by the other pasty of an Early Termination Date, pursuant to 
Section 6(b)(ivX2)(A), in respect of less than all Affected Transactions. 
(c) 
Effect ofDesignation. 
(i) 
If notice designating an Early Termination Date is given under Section 6(a) or 6(b), the Early 
Termination Date will occur on the date so designated, whether or not the relevant Event of Default or 
Termination Event is then continuing, 
(ii) 
Upon the occurrence or effective designation of an Early Termination Date, no further payments or 
deliveries under Section 2(aXi) or 9(h)(i) in respect of the Terminated Transactions will be required to be 
made, but without prejudice to the other provisions of this Agreement. The amount, if any, payable in 
respect of an Early Termination Date will be determined pursuant to Sections 6(e) and 9(10(ii). 
ISM. 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083050 
SDNY GM_00229234 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01383354

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383355.pdf
----------------------------------------
(d) 
Calculations; Payment Date. 
(i) 
Statement. On or as soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence of an Early 
Termination Date, each party will make the calculations on its part, if any, contemplated by Section 6(e) and 
will provide to the other party a statement (I) showing, in reasonable detail, such calculations (including any 
quotations, market data or information from internal sources used in making such calculations). 
(2) specifying (except where there are two Affected Parties) any Early Termination Amount payable and 
(3) giving details of the relevant account to which any amount payable to it is to be paid. In the absence of 
written confirmation from the source of a quotation or market data obtained in determining a Close-out 
Amount, the records of the party obtaining such quotation or market data will be conclusive evidence of the 
existence and accuracy of such quotation or market data. 
Payment Date. An Early Termination Amount due in respect of any Early Termination Date will. 
together with any amount of interest payable pursuant to Section 9(hXiiX2), be payable (1) on the day on 
which notice of the amount payable is effective in the case of an Early Termination Date which is designated 
or occurs as a result of an Event of Default and (2) on the day which is two Local Business Days after the 
day on which notice of the amount payable is effective (or, if there are two Affected Parties, after the day on 
which the statement provided pursuant to clause (i) above by the second party to provide such a statement is 
effective) in the case of an Early Termination Date which is designated as a result of a Termination Event. 
(e) 
Payments on Early Termination. If an Early Termination Date occurs, the amount, if any, payable in 
respect of that Early Termination Date (the "Early Termination Amount") will be determined pursuant to this 
Section 6(e) and will be subject to Section 6(f). 
(i) 
Events of Default. If the Early Termination Date results from an Event of Default, the Early 
Termination Amount will be an amount equal to (1) the sum of (A) the Termination Currency Equivalent of 
the Close-out Amount or Close-out Amounts (whether positive or negative) determined by the Non-
defaulting Party for each Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions, as the case may be, 
and (B) the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to the Non-defaulting Party less 
(2) the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to the Defaulting Party. If the Early 
Termination Amount is a positive number, the Defaulting Party will pay it to the Non-defaulting Party; if it 
is a negative number, the Non-defaulting Party will pay the absolute value of the Early Termination Amount 
to the Defaulting Party. 
(ii) 
Termination Events. If the Early Termination Date results from a Termination Event:—
(I) 
One Affected Party. Subject to clause (3) below, if there is one Affected Party, the Early 
Termination Amount will be determined in accordance with Section 6(e)(i), except that references 
to the Defaulting Party and to the Non-defaulting Party will be deemed to be references to the 
Affected Party and to the Non-affected Party, respectively. 
(2) 
rico Affected Ponies. Subject to clause (3) below, if there are two Affected Parties, each 
party will determine an amount equal to the Termination Currency Equivalent of the sum of the 
Close-out Amount or Close-out Amounts (whether positive or negative) for each Terminated 
Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions, as the case may be. and the Early Termination 
Amount will be an amount equal to (A) the sum of (1) one-half of the difference between the higher 
amount so determined (by party "r") and the lower amount so determined (by party "Y") and 
(II) the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to X less (B) the 
Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to Y. If the Early Termination 
Amount is a positive number. Y will pay it to X; if it is a negative number, X will pay the absolute 
value of the Early Termination Amount to Y. 
ISM® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083051 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229235 
EFTA01383355

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383356.pdf
----------------------------------------
(3) 
Mid-Market Events. If that Termination Event is an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event, 
then the Early Termination Amount will be determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) above, 
as appropriate. except that. for the purpose of determining a Close-out Amount or Close-out 
Amounts; the Determining Party will:—
(A) 
if obtaining quotations from one or more third parties (or from any of the 
Determining Party's Affiliates), ask each third party or Affiliate (0 not to take account of 
the current creditworthiness of the Determining Party or any existing Credit Support 
Document and (11) to provide mid-market quotations; and 
(11) 
in any other case, use mid-market values without regard to the creditworthiness of 
the Determining Party. 
(iii) 
Adjustment for Bankruptcy. In circumstances where an Early Termination Date occurs because 
Automatic Early Termination applies in respect of a party, the Early Termination Amount will be subject to 
such adjustments as are appropriate and permitted by applicable law to reflect any payments or deliveries 
made by one vasty to the other under this Agreement (and retained by such other party) during the period 
from the relevant Early Termination Date to the date for payment determined under Section 6(dXii). 
(iv) 
Adjustment for Illegality or Force Majeure Event. The failure by a party or any Credit Support 
Provider of such party to pay, when due, any Early Termination Amount will not constitute an Event of 
Default under Section 5(a)(i) or 5(a)(iii)(I) if such failure is due to the occurrence of an event or 
circumstance which would, if it occurred with respect to payment, delivery or compliance related to a 
Transaction, constitute or give rise to an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event. Such amount will (I) accrue 
interest and otherwise be treated as an Unpaid Amount owing to the other party if subsequently an Early 
Termination Date results from an Event of Default, a Credit Event Upon Merger or an Additional 
Termination Event in respect of which all outstanding Transactions are Affected Transactions and 
(2) otherwise accrue interest in accordance with Section 9(hXii)(2). 
(v) 
Pre-Estimate. The parties agree that an amount recoverable under this Section 6(e) is a reasonable 
pre-estimate of loss and not a penalty. Such amount is payable for the loss of bargain and the loss of 
protection against future risks, and, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, neither party will be 
entitled to recover any additional damages as a consequence of the termination of the Terminated 
Transactions. 
(l) 
Set-Off. Any Early Termination Amount payable to one patty (the "Payee") by the other party (the 
"Payer"). in circumstances where there is a Defaulting Party or where there is one Affected Party in the case where 
either a Credit Event Upon Merger has occurred or any other Termination Event in respect of which all outstanding 
Transactions are Affected Transactions has occurred. will, at the option of the Non-defaulting Party or the Non-
affected Party. as the case may be ("X") (and without prior notice to the Defaulting Patty or the Affected Party, as the 
case may be), be reduced by its set-off against any other amounts ("Other Amount?) payable by the Payee to the 
Payer (whether or not arising under this Agreement, niawied or contingent and irrespective of the currency, place of 
payment or place of booking of the obligation). To the extent that any Other Amounts are so set off, those Other 
Amounts will be discharged promptly and in all respects. X will give notice to the other party of any set-off effected 
under this Section 6(f). 
For this purpose, either the Early Termination Amount or the Other Amounts (or the relevant portion of such 
amounts) may be converted by X into the currency in which the other is denominated at the rate of exchange at which 
such party would be able, in good faith and using commercially reasonable procedures, to purchase the relevant 
amount of such currency. 
!SIM® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083052 
SDNY GM_00229236 
EFTA01383356

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383357.pdf
----------------------------------------
If an obligation is unascertained, X may in good faith estimate that obligation and set off in respect of the estimate. 
subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained. 
Nothing in this Section 6(f) will be effective to create a charge or other security interest. This Section 6(f) will be 
without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, offset, combination of accounts, lien, right of retention or 
withholding or similar right or requirement to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled or subject (whether by 
operation of law, contract or otherwise). 
7. 
Transfer 
Subject to Section 6(b)(ii) and to the extent permitted by applicable law, neither this Agreement nor any interest or 
obligation in or under this Agreement may be transferred (whether by way of security or otherwise) by either party 
without the prior written consent of the other party, except that:—
(a) 
a party may make such a transfer of this Agreement pursuant to a consolidation or amalgamation with, or 
merger with or into, or transfer of all or substantially all its assets to, another entity (but without prejudice to any 
other right or remedy under this Agreement); and 
(b) 
a party may make such a transfer of all or any part of its interest in any Early Termination Amount payable 
to it by a Defaulting Party, together with any amounts payable on or with respect to that interest and any other rights 
associated with that interest pursuant to Sections 8, 9(h) and II. 
Any purported transfer that is not in compliance with this Section 7 will be void. 
8. 
Contractual Currency 
(a) 
Payment in the Contractual Currency. Each payment under this Agreement will be made in the relevant 
currency specified in this Agreement for that payment (the "Contractual Currency"). To the extent permitted by 
applicable law, any obligation to make payments under this Agreement in the Contractual Currency will not be 
discharged or satisfied by any tender in any currency other than the Contractual Currency, except to the extent such 
tender results in the actual receipt by the party to which payment is owed, acting in good faith and using 
commercially reasonable procedures in convening the currency so tendered into the Contractual Currency, of the full 
amount in the Contractual Currency of all amounts payable in respect of this Agreement If for any reason the 
amount in the Contractual Currency so received falls short of the amount in the Contractual Currency payable in 
respect of this Agreement, the party required to make the payment will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
immediately pay such additional amount in the Contractual Currency as may be necessary to compensate for the 
shortfall. If for any reason the amount in the Contractual Currency so received exceeds the amount in the Contractual 
Currency payable in respect of this Agreement, the party receiving the payment will refund promptly the amount of 
such excess. 
(b) 
Judgments. To the extent permitted by applicable law, if any judgment or order expressed in a currency 
other than the Contractual Currency is rendered (i) for the payment of any amount owing in respect of this 
Agreement. (ii) for the payment of any amount relating to any early termination in respect of this Agreement or (iii) in 
respect of a judgment or order of another court for the payment of any amount described in clause (i) or (ii) above. 
the party seeking recovery, after recovery in full of the aggregate amount to which such party is entitled pursuant to 
the judgment or order. will be entitled to receive immediately from the other party the amount of any shortfall of the 
Contractual Currency received by such party as a consequence of sums paid in such other currency and will refund 
promptly to the other party any excess of the Contractual Currency received by such parry as a consequence of sums 
paid in such other currency if such shortfall or such excess arises or results from any variation between the rate of 
exchange at which the Contractual Currency is converted into the currency of the judgment or order for the purpose 
of such judgment or order and the rate of exchange at which such party is able, acting in good faith and using 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083053 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229237 
EFTA01383357

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383358.pdf
----------------------------------------
(h) 
Interest and Compensation. 
(I) 
Prior to Early Termination. Prior to the occurrence or effective designation of an Early 
Termination Date in respect of the relevant Transaction:—
(1) 
Interest on Defaulted Payments. If a party defaults in the performance of any payment 
obligation, it will, to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 6(c), pay interest 
(before as well as after judgment) on the overdue amount to the other party on demand in the same 
currency as the overdue amount, for the period from (and including) the original due date for 
payment to (but excluding) the date of actual payment (and excluding any period in respect of 
which interest or compensation in respect of the overdue amount is due pursuant to clause (3)(B) or 
(C) below), at the Default Rate. 
(2) 
Compensation for Defaulted Deliveries. If a party defaults in the performance of any 
obligation required to be settled by delivery, it will on demand (A) compensate the other party to 
the extent provided for in the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement and (B) unless 
otherwise provided in the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement, to the extent 
permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 6(c), pay to the other party interest (before as 
well as after judgment) on an amount equal to the fair market value of that which was required to be 
delivered in the same currency as that amount, for the period from (and including) the originally 
scheduled date for delivery to (but excluding) the date of actual delivery (and excluding any period 
in respect of which interest or compensation in respect of that amount is due pursuant to clause (4) 
below), at the Default Rate. The fair market value of any obligation referred to above will be 
determined as of the originally scheduled date for delivery, in good faith and using commercially 
reasonable procedures, by the party that was entitled to take delivery. 
(3) 
Interest on Deferred Payments. If:—
(A) 
a party does not pay any amount that, but for Section 2(aXiii), would have been 
payable, it will, to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 6(c) and 
clauses (B) and (C) below, pay interest (before as well as after judgment) on that amount 
to the other party on demand (after such amount becomes payable) in the same currency as 
that amount, for the period from (and including) the date the amount would, but for 
Section 2(a)(iii), have been payable to (but excluding) die date the amount actually 
becomes payable, at the Applicable Deferral Rate; 
(B) 
a payment is deferred pursuant to Section 5(d), the party which would otherwise 
have been required to make that payment will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
subject to Section 6(c) and for so long as no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default 
with respect to that party has occulted and is continuing, pay interest (before as well as 
after judgment) on the amount of the deferred payment to the other party on demand (after 
such amount becomes payable) in the same currency as the deferred payment, for the 
period from (and including) the date the amount would, but for Section 5(d). have been 
payable to (but excluding) the earlier of the date the payment is no longer deferred 
pursuant to Section 5(d) and the date during the deferral period upon which an Event of 
Default or Potential Event of Default with respect to that party occurs, at the Applicable 
Deferral Rate; or 
(C) 
a party fails to make any payment due to the occurrence of on Illegality or a Force 
Majeure Event (after giving effect to any deferral period contemplated by clause (B) 
above), it will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, subject to Section 6(c) and for so 
long as the event or circumstance giving rise to that Illegality or Force Majeure Event 
ISDAO 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083055 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229239 
EFTA01383358

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383359.pdf
----------------------------------------
10. 
Offices; Multibranch Parties 
(a) 
If Section I0(a) is specified in the Schedule as applying, each party that enters into a Transaction through an 
Office other than its head or home office represents to and agrees with the other party that, notwithstanding the place 
of booking or its jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation, its obligations are the same in terms of recourse against 
it as if k had entered into the Transaction through its head or home office, except that a party will not have recourse 
to the head or home office of the other party in respect of any payment or delivery deferred pursuant to Section 5(d) 
for so long as the payment or delivery is so deferred. This representation and agreement will be deemed to be 
repeated by each party on each date on which the parties enter into a Transaction. 
(b) 
If a party is specified as a Multibranch Party in the Schedule, such party may. subject to clause (c) below, 
enter into a Transaction through, book a Transaction in and make and receive payments and deliveries with respect to 
a Transaction through any Office listed in respect of that party in the Schedule (but not any other Office unless 
otherwise agreed by the parties in writing). 
(c) 
The Office through which a party enters into a Transaction will be the Office specified for that party in the 
relevant Confirmation or as otherwise agreed by the parties in writing, and, if an Office for that party is not specified 
in the Confirmation or otherwise agreed by the parties in writing, its head or home office. Unless the parties 
otherwise agree in writing. the Office through which a party enters into a Transaction will also be the Office in which 
it books the Transaction and the Office through which it makes and receives payments and deliveries with respect to 
the Transaction. Subject to Section 6(b)(ii), neither party may change the Office in which it books the Transaction or 
the Office through which it makes and receives payments or deliveries with respect to a Transaction without the prior 
written consent of the other party. 
11. 
Expenses 
A Defaulting Party will on demand indemnify and hold harmless the other party for and against alt reasonable out-of-
pocket expenses, including legal fees, execution fees and Stamp Tax, incurred by such other party by reason of the 
enforcement and protection of its rights under this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which the 
Defaulting Party is a party or by reason of the early termination of any Transaction, including, but not limited to. 
costs of collection. 
12. 
Notices 
(a) 
Effectiveness. Any notice or other communication in respect of this Agreement may be given in any manner 
described below (except that a notice or other communication under Section 5 or 6 may not be given by electronic 
messaging system or e-mail) to the address or number or in accordance with the electronic messaging system or 
e-mail details provided (see the Schedule) and will be deemed effective as indicated:—
(i) 
if in writing and delivered in person or by courier, on the date it is delivered; 
(ii) 
if sent by telex, on the date the recipient's answerback is received; 
(iii) 
if sent by facsimile transmission, on the date it is received by a responsible employee of the 
recipient in legible form (it being agreed that the burden of proving receipt will be on the sender and will not 
be met by a transmission report generated by the sender's facsimile machine); 
(iv) 
if sent by certified or registered mail (airmail, if overseas) or the equivalent (return receipt 
requested), on the date it is delivered or its delivery is attempted; 
(v) 
if sent by electronic messaging system, on the date it is received; or 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083057 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229241 
EFTA01383359

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383360.pdf
----------------------------------------
(vi) 
if sent by e-mail, on the date it is delivered, 
unless the date of that delivery (or attempted delivery) or that receipt, as applicable, is not a Local Business Day or 
that communication is delivered (or attempted) or received, as applicable, after the close of business on a Local 
Business Day, in which case that communication will be deemed given and effective on the first following day that is 
a Local Business Day. 
(b) 
Change of Details. Either party may by notice to the other change the address, telex or facsimile number or 
electronic messaging system or e-mail details at which notices or other communications are to be given to it. 
13. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law specified in 
the Schedule. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction. With respect to any suit, action or proceedings relating to any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with this Agreement ("Proceedings"), each pasty irrevocably:—
(i) 
submits:—
(1) 
if this Agreement is expressed to be governed by English law, to (A) the non-exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts if the Proceedings do not involve a Convention Court and (B) the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts if the Proceedings do involve a Convention Court: or 
(2) 
if this Agreement is expressed to be governed by the laws of the State of New York, to the 
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the United States District 
Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City; 
(ii) 
waives any objection which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings 
brought in any such court, waives any claim that such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient 
forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings, that such court does not have 
any jurisdiction over such party; and 
(iii) 
agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that the bringing of Proceedings in any one or 
more jurisdictions will not preclude the bringing of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Service of Process. Each party irrevocably appoints the Process Agent, if any. specified opposite its name 
in the Schedule to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings. If for any reason any 
party's Process Agent is unable to act as such, such party will promptly notify the other party and within 30 days 
appoint a substitute process agent acceptable to the other party. The parties irrevocably consent to service of process 
given in the manner provided for notices in Section 12(aXi), I2(aXiii) or 12(a)(iv). Nothing in this Agreement will 
affect the right of either party to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. 
(d) 
Waiver of Immunities. Each party irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted by applicable law, with 
respect to itself and its revenues and assets (irrespective of their use or intended use), all immunity on the grounds of 
sovereignty or other similar grounds from (i) suit. (ii) jurisdiction of any court, (iii) relief by way of injunction or 
order for specific performance or recovery of property, (iv) attachment of its assets (whether before or after 
judgment) and (v) execution or enforcement of any judgment to which it or its revenues or assets might otherwise be 
entitled in any Proceedings in the courts of any jurisdiction and irrevocably agrees, to the extent permitted by 
applicable law. that it will not claim any such immunity in any Proceedings. 
NBA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083058 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229242 
EFTA01383360

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383361.pdf
----------------------------------------
14. 
Definitions 
As used in this Agreement:—
"Additional Representation" has the meaning specified in Section 3. 
"Additional Termination Event" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b). 
"Affected Parry" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b). 
"Affected Transactions" means (a) with respect to any Termination Event consisting of an Illegality, Force Majeure 
Event, Tax Event or Tax Event Upon Merger, all Transactions affected by the occurrence of such Termination Event 
(which, in the case of an Illegality under Section 5(bXi)(2) or a Force Majeure Event under Section 5(b)(iiX2). means 
all Transactions unless the relevant Credit Support Document references only certain Transactions. in which case 
those Transactions and, if the relevant Credit Support Document constitutes a Confirmation for a Transaction, that 
Transaction) and (b) with respect to any other Termination Event, all Transactions. 
"Affiliate" means, subject to the Schedule, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common 
control with the person. For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of the entity or person. 
"Agreement" has the meaning specified in Section 1(c). 
"Applicable Core-out Rate" means:—
(a) 
in respect of the determination of an Unpaid Amount:—
(i) 
in respect of obligations payable or deliverable (or which would have been but for Section 2(aXiii)) 
by a Defaulting Party, the Default Rate; 
(ii) 
in respect of obligations payable or deliverable (or which would have been but for Section 2(a)(iii)) 
by a Non-defaulting Party, the Non-default Rate; 
(iii) 
in respect of obligations deferred pursuant to Section 5(d), if there is no Defaulting Party and for so 
long as the deferral period continues, the Applicable Deferral Rate; and 
(iv) 
in all other cases following the occurrence of a Termination Event (except where interest accrues 
pursuant to clause (iii) above), the Applicable Deferral Rate; and 
(b) 
in respect of an Early Termination Amount:—
(i) 
for the period from (and including) the relevant Early Termination Date to (but excluding) the date 
(determined in accordance with Section 6(dXii)) on which that amount is payable:—
(I ) 
if the Early Termination Amount is payable by a Defaulting Pasty, the Default Rate; 
(2) 
if the Early Termination Amount is payable by a Non-defaulting Party, the Non-default 
Rate; and 
(3) 
in all other cases, the Applicable Deferral Rate; and 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083059 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229243 
EFTA01383361

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383362.pdf
----------------------------------------
(ii) 
for the period from (and including) the date (determined in accordance with Section 6(dXii)) on 
which that amount is payable to (but excluding) the date of actual payment:—
(I) 
if a party fails to pay the Early Termination Amount due to the occurrence of an event or 
circumstance which would, if it occurred with respect to a payment or delivery under a Transaction, 
constitute or give rise to an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event, and for so long as the Early 
Termination Amount remains unpaid duc to the continuing existence of such event or circumstance, 
the Applicable Deferral Rate; 
(2) 
if the Early Termination Amount is payable by a Defaulting Party (but excluding any 
period in respect of which clause (1) above applies), the Default Rate; 
(3) 
if the Early Termination Amount is payable by a Non-defaulting Party (but excluding any 
period in respect of which clause (1) above applies), the Non-default Rate; and 
(4) 
in all other cases, the Termination Rate. 
"Applicable Deferral Rate" means:—
(a) 
for the purpose of Section 9(h)(1)(3)(A), the rate certified by the relevant payer to be a rate offered to the 
payer by a major bank in a relevant interbank market for overnight deposits in the applicable currency. such bank to 
be selected in good faith by the payer for the purpose of obtaining a representative rate that will reasonably reflect 
conditions prevailing at the time in that relevant market: 
(h) 
for purposes of Section 9(h)(iX3)(B) and clause (a)(iii) of the definition of Applicable Close-out Rate, the 
rate certified by the relevant payer to be a rate offered to prime banks by a major bank in a relevant interbank market 
for overnight deposits in the applicable currency, such bank to be selected in good faith by the payer after 
consultation with the other patty, if practicable, for the purpose of obtaining a representative rate that will reasonably 
reflect conditions prevailing at the time in that relevant market: and 
(c) 
for purposes of Section 9(h)(i)(3XC) and clauses (a)(iv), (b)0)(3) and (bXiiXI) of the definition of 
Applicable Close-out Rate, a rate equal to the arithmetic mean of the rate determined pursuant to clause (a) above and 
a rate per annum equal to the cost (without proof or evidence of any actual cast) to the relevant payee (as certified by 
it) if it were to fund or of funding the relevant amount. 
"Automatic Early Termination" has the meaning specified in Section 6(a). 
"Burdened Pasty" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b)(iv). 
"Change in Tax Law" means the enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of, or any change in or 
amendment to. any law (or in the application or official interpretation of any law) that occurs after the parties enter 
into the relevant Transaction. 
"Close-out Amount" means, with respect to each Terminated Transaction or each group of Terminated Transactions 
and a Determining Party, the amount of the losses or costs of the Determining Party that are or would be incurred 
under then prevailing circumstances (expressed as a positive number) or gains of the Determining Party that arc or 
would be realised under then prevailing circumstances (expressed as a negative number) in replacing, or in providing 
for the Determining Party the economic equivalent of, (a) the material terms of that Terminated Transaction or group 
of Terminated Transactions, including the payments and deliveries by the parties under Section 2(a)(i) in respect of 
that Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions that would, but for the occurrence of the relevant 
Early Termination Date, have been required after that date (assuming satisfaction of the conditions precedent in 
IRMO 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083060 
SDNY_GM 00229244 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01383362

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383363.pdf
----------------------------------------
Section 2(aXiii)) and (b) the option rights of the parties in respect of that Terminated Transaction or group of 
Terminated Transactions. 
Any Close-out Amount will be determined by the Determining Party (or its agent), which will act in good faith and 
use commercially reasonable procedures in order to produce a commercially reasonable result. The Determining 
Party may determine a Close-out Amount for any group of Terminated Transactions or any individual Terminated 
Transaction but, in the aggregate, for not less than all Terminated Transactions. Each Close-out Amount will be 
determined as of the Early Termination Date or, if that would not be commercially reasonable, as of the date or dates 
following the Early Termination Date as would be commercially reasonable. 
Unpaid Amounts in respect of a Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions and legal fees and out-
of-pocket expenses referred to in Section I I are to be excluded in all determinations of Close-out Amounts. 
In determining a Close-out Amount, the Determining Party may consider any relevant information, including, without 
limitation, one or more of the following types of information:—
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) for replacement transactions supplied by one or more third parties that 
may take into account the creditworthiness of the Determining Party at the time the quotation is provided and the 
terms of any relevant documentation, including credit support documentation, between the Determining Party and the 
third party providing the quotation; 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one or more third parties 
including, without limitation, relevant rates, prices, yields, yield curves. volatilities. spreads, correlations or other 
relevant market data in the relevant market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in clause (i) or (ii) above from internal sources (including any of the 
Determining Party's Affiliates) if that information is of the same type used by the Determining Party in the regular 
course of its business for ihe valuation of similar transactions. 
The Determining Pasty will consider, taking into account the standards and procedures described in this definition, 
quotations pursuant to clause (i) above or relevant market data pursuant to clause (ii) above unless the Determining 
Party reasonably believes in good faith that such quotations or relevant market data are not readily available or would 
produce a result that would not satisfy those standards. When considering information described in clause (i), (ii) or 
(iii) above, the Determining Party may include costs of funding, to the extent costs of funding are not and would not 
be a component of the other information being utilised. Third parties supplying quotations pursuant to clause (i) 
above or market data pursuant to clause (ii) above may include, without limitation, dealers in the relevant markets. 
end-users of the relevant product, information vendors, brokers and other sources of market information. 
Without duplication of amounts calculated based on information described in clause (i). (ii) or (iii) above, or other 
relevant information, and when it is commercially reasonable to do so, the Determining Party may in addition 
consider in calculating a Close-out Amount any loss or cost incurred in connection with its terminating, liquidating or 
re-establishing any hedge related to a Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions (or any gain 
resulting from any of them). 
Commercially reasonable procedures used in determining a Close-out Amount may include the following:—
(1) 
application to relevant market data from third parties pursuant to clause (ii) above or information from 
internal sources pursuant to clause (iii) above of pricing or other valuation models that arc, at the time of the 
determination of the Close-out Amount, used by the Determining Party in the regular course of its business in pricing 
or valuing transactions between the Determining Party and unrelated third parties that are similar to the Terminated 
Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions; and 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083061 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229245 
EFTA01383363

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383364.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383364.pdf
----------------------------------------
(2) 
application of different valuation methods to Terminated Transactions or groups of Terminated Transactions 
depending on the type, complexity, size or number of the Terminated Transactions or group of Terminated 
Transactions. 
"Confirmation" has the meaning specified in the preamble. 
"consent" includes a consent, approval, action, authorisation, exemption, notice, filing, registration o• exchange 
control consent. 
"Contractual Currency" has the meaning specified in Section 8(a). 
"Convention Court" means any court which is bound to apply to the Proceedings either Article 17 of the 1968 
Brussels Convention on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters or 
Article 17 of the 1988 Lugano Convention on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and 
Commercial Matters. 
"Credit Event Upon Merger" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b). 
"Credit Support Document" means any agreement or instrument that is specified as such in this Agreement. 
"Credit Support Provider" has the meaning specified in the Schedule. 
"Cross-Default" means the event specified in Section 5(aXvi). 
"Default Rate" means a rate per annum equal to the cost (without proof or evidence of any actual cost) to the 
relevant payee (as certified by it) if it were to fund or of funding the relevant amount plus 1% per annum. 
"Defaulting Party" has the meaning specified in Section 6(a). 
"Designated Event" has the meaning specified in Section 5(bXv). 
"Determining Party" means the party determining a Close-out Amount. 
"Early Termination Amount' has the meaning specified in Section 6(e). 
"Early Termination Date" means the date determined in accordance with Section 6(a) or 6(bXiv). 
"electronic messages" does not include e-mails but does include documents expressed in markup languages, and 
"electronic messaging system" will be construed accordingly. 
"English law" means the law of England and Wales. and "English" will be construed accordingly. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning specified in Section 5(a) and, if applicable, in the Schedule. 
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b). 
"General Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks arc open for general business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits). 
"Illegality"has the meaning specified in Section 5(b). 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083062 
SDNY GM_00229246 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01383364

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383365.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383365.pdf
----------------------------------------
"Indemnifiable Tar" means any Tax other than a Tax that would not be imposed in respect of a payment under this 
Agreement but for a present or former connection between the jurisdiction of the government or taxation authority 
imposing such Tax and the recipient of such payment or a person related to such recipient (including, without 
limitation, a connection arising from such recipient or related person being or having been a citizen or resident of 
such jurisdiction, or being or having been organised, present or engaged in a trade or business in such jurisdiction, or 
having or having had a permanent establishment or fixed place of business in such jurisdiction, but excluding a 
connection arising solely from such recipient or related person having executed, delivered, performed its obligations 
or received a payment under, or enforced, this Agreement or a Credit Support Document). 
"law" includes any treaty, law. rule or regulation (as modified, in the case of tax matters, by the practice of any 
relevant governmental revenue authority), and "unlawful" will be construed accordingly. 
"Local Business Day" means (a) in relation to any obligation under Section 2(a)(i), a General Business Day in the 
place or places specified in the relevant Confirmation and a day on which a relevant settlement system is open or 
operating as specified in the relevant Confirmation or, if a place or a settlement system is not so specified, as 
otherwise agreed by the parties in writing or determined pursuant to provisions contained, or incorporated by 
reference, in this Agreement. (b) for the purpose of determining when a Waiting Period expires, a General Business 
Day in the place where the event or circumstance that constitutes or gives rise to the Illegality or Force Majeure 
Event. as the case may be. occurs, (c) in relation to any other payment, a General Business Day in the place where the 
relevant account is located and, if different, in the principal financial centre. if any. of the currency of such payment 
and, if that currency does not have a single recognised principal financial centre. a day on which the settlement 
system necessary to accomplish such payment is open, (d) in relation to any notice or other communication, including 
notice contemplated under Section 5(aXi), a General Business Day (or a day that would have been a General 
Business Day but for the occurrence of an event or circumstance which would, if it occurred with respect to payment, 
delivery or compliance related to a Transaction, constitute or give rise to an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event) in 
the place specified in the address for notice provided by the recipient and, in the case of a notice contemplated by 
Section 2(b), in the place where the relevant new account is to be located and (e) in relation to Section 5(aXvX2), a 
General Business Day in the relevant locations for performance with respect to such Specified Transaction. 
"Local Delivery Day" means, for purposes of Sections 5(a)(i) and 5(d). a day on which settlement systems necessary 
to accomplish the relevant delivery are generally open fur business so that the delivery is capable of being 
accomplished in accordance with customary market practice, in the place specified in the relevant Confirmation or, if 
not so specified, in a location as determined in accordance with customary market practice for the relevant delivery. 
"Master Agreement" has the meaning specified in the preamble. 
"Merger Without Assumption" means the event specified in Section 5(a)(viii). 
"Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" has the meaning specified in Section 2(c). 
"Non-affected Party" means, so long as there is only one Affected Party, the other party. 
"Non-default Rate" means the rate certified by the Non-defaulting Party to be a rate offered to the Non-defaulting 
Party by a major bank in a relevant interbank market for overnight deposits in the applicable currency, such bank to 
be selected in good faith by the Non-defaulting Party for the purpose of obtaining a representative rate that will 
reasonably reflect conditions prevailing at the time in that relevant market. 
"Non-defaulting Party" has the meaning specified in Section 6(a). 
"Office" means a branch or office of a party, which may be such party's head or home office. 
"Other Amounts" has the meaning specified in Section 6(f). 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083063 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229247 
EFTA01383365

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383366.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383366.pdf
----------------------------------------
"Tax" means any present or future tax, levy, impost. duty, charge, assessment or fee of any nature (including interest, 
penalties and additions thereto) that is imposed by any government or other taxing authority in respect of any 
payment under this Agreement other than a stamp, registration, documentation or similar tax. 
"Tax Event" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b). 
"Tax Event Upon Merger" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b). 
"Terminated Transactions" means, with respect to any Early Termination Date, (al if resulting from an Illegality or 
a Force Majeure Event, all Affected Transactions specified in the notice given pursuant to Section 6(bXiv), (b) if 
resulting from any other Termination Event, all Affected Transactions and (c) if resulting from an Event of Default, 
all Transactions in effect either immediately before the effectiveness of the notice designating that Early Termination 
Date or, if Automatic Early Termination applies, immediately before that Early Termination Date. 
"Termination Currency" means (a) if a Termination Currency is specified in the Schedule and that currency is freely 
available, that currency. and (b) otherwise. euro if this Agreement is expressed to be governed by English law or 
United States Dollars if this Agreement is expressed to be governed by the laws of the State of New York. 
"Termination Currency Equivalent" means, in respect of any amount denominated in the Termination Currency, 
such Termination Currency amount and, in respect of any amount denominated in a currency other than the 
Termination Currency (the "Other Currency"), the amount in the Termination Currency determined by the party 
making the relevant determination as being required to purchase such amount of such Other Currency as at the 
relevant Early Termination Date, or, if the relevant Close-out Amount is determined as of a later date, that later date, 
with the Termination Currency at the rate equal to the spot exchange rate of the foreign exchange agent (selected as 
provided below) for the purchase of such Other Currency with the Termination Currency at or about II:00 a.m. (in 
the city in which such foreign exchange agent is located) on such date as would be customary for the determination of 
such a rate for the purchase of such Other Currency for value on the relevant Early Termination Date or that later 
date. The foreign exchange agent will, if only one party is obliged to make a determination under Section 6(e), be 
selected in good faith by that party and otherwise will be agreed by the parties. 
"Termination Event" means an Illegality, a Force Majeure Event, a Tax Event, a Tax Event Upon Merger or, if 
specified to be applicable, a Credit Event Upon Merger or an Additional Termination Event. 
"Termination Rate" means a rate per annum equal to the arithmetic mean of the cost (without proof or evidence of 
any actual cost) to each party (as certified by such party) if it were to fund or of funding such amounts. 
"Threshold Amount" means the amount, if any, specified as such in the Schedule. 
"Transaction" has the meaning specified in the preamble. 
"Unpaid Amounts" owing to any party means, with respect to an Early Termination Date, the aggregate of (a) in 
respect of all Terminated Transactions, the amounts that became payable (or that would have become payable but for 
Section 2(aXiii) or due but for Section 5(d)) to such party under Section 2(aXi) or 2(d)(iX4) on or prior to such Early 
Termination Date and which remain unpaid as at such Early Termination Date, (b) in respect of each Terminated 
Transaction, for each obligation under Section 2(aXi) which was (or would have been but for Section 2(a)(iii) or 
5(d)) required to be settled by delivery to such party on or prior to such Early Termination Date and which has not 
been so settled as at such Early Termination Date, an amount equal to the fair market value of that which was (or 
would have been) required to be delivered and (c) if the Early Termination Date results from an Event of Default, a 
Credit Event Upon Merger or an Additional Termination Event in respect of which all outstanding Transactions are 
Affected Transactions, any Early Termination Amount duc prior to such Early Termination Date and which remains 
unpaid as of such Early Termination Date, in each case together with any amount of interest accrued or other 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083065 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229249 
EFTA01383366

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383367.pdf
----------------------------------------
compensation in respect of that obligation or deferred obligation, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 
9(hXiiXI) or (2), as appropriate. The fair market value of any obligation referred to in clause (b) above 
will be determined as of the originally schedule date for delivery, in good faith and using commercially 
reasonable procedures, by the party obliged to make the determination under Section 6(e) or, if each 
party is so obliged, it will be the average of the Termination Currency Equivalents of the fair market 
values so determined by both parties. 
"Waiting Period" means:--
(a) 
in respect of an event or circumstance under Section 5(bXi), other than in the case of Section 
5(b)(iX2) where the relevant payment, delivery or compliance is actually required on the relevant day (in 
which case no Waiting Period will apply), a period of three Local Business Days (or days that would 
have been Local Business Days but for the occurrence of that event or circumstance) following the 
(b) 
occurrence of that event or circumstance; and 
(c) 
in respect of any event or circumstance under Section 5(b)(ii), other than in the case of Section 
5(bXiiX2) where the relevant payment, delivery or compliance is actually required on the relevant day 
(in which case no Waiting Period will apply), a period of eight Local Business Days (or days that would 
have been local Business Days but for the occurrence of that event or circumstance) following the 
occurrence of that event of circumstance. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this document on the respective dates specified 
below with effect from the date specified on the first page of this doe 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
SOUT 
By: 
Name: 
,ynrh; 
Title: 
loran 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
KATHLEEN YOHE 
DIRECTOR 
By: 
Name: \It
Title: (y\ atk
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083066 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229250 
EFTA01383367

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383368.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383368.pdf
----------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 
to the 
2002 ISDA Master Agreement 
dated as of October 28, 2013 
among 
Deutsche Bank AG ("Party A"), 
and 
Southern Financial, LLC, a limited liability 
company incorporated under the laws of United States Virgin Islands ("Party B") 
Part 1. Termination Provisions. 
(a) 
"Specified Entity" means: 
in relation to Party A: Not Applicable 
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of: 
Section 5(aXv): 
Section 5(a)(vi): 
Section 5(aXvii): 
Section 5(bXv): 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
(b) 
The definition of "Specified Transaction" in Section 14 of this Agreement is hereby amended by: 
(i) deleting in the second through the fourth lines thereof the words 
"between one party to this Agreement (or any Credit Support Provider of such party or 
any applicable Specified Entity of such party) and the other party to this Agreement (or 
any Credit Support Provider of such other party or any applicable Specified Entity of 
such other party) which is a" 
and replacing them with the words 
"(i) in the case of Party A, between Party A (or any Credit Support Provider of such party 
or any applicable Specified Entity of such party) and Party B (or any Credit Support 
Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party), and 
(ii) in the case of Party B, between Party B (or any Credit Support Provider of such party 
or any applicable Specified Entity of such party) and any other person or entity, including 
without limitation Party A (or any Credit Support Provider of such party or any 
applicable Specified Entity of such party), including without limitation any"; and 
(ii) 
adding the text "prime brokerage or margin tending transaction" after the words "weather 
index transaction" in the tenth line thereof. 
(c) 
The "Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(aXvi) will apply to both parties subject to 
amendment by adding at the end thereof the following words: 
"provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, an Event of Default shall not occur 
under either (1) or (2) above if (A) (I) the default, or other similar event or condition referred to in 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083068 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229252 
EFTA01383368

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383369.pdf
----------------------------------------
(I) or the failure to pay referred to in (2) is a failure to pay or deliver caused by an error or 
omission of an administrative or operational nature, and (II) funds or the asset to be delivered 
were available to such party to enable it to make the relevant payment or delivery when due and 
(III) such payment or delivery is made within three (3) Local Business Days following receipt of 
written notice from an interested party of such failure to pay, or (B) such party was precluded 
from paying, or was unable to pay, using reasonable means, through the office of the party 
through which it was acting for purposes of the relevant Specified Indebtedness, by reason of 
force majcure, act of State, illegality or impossibility." 
If such provisions apply: 
"Specified Indebtedness" shall mean any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or 
otherwise, as principal or surety or otherwise) in respect of borrowed money other than 
indebtedness in respect of bank deposits received in the ordinary course of business. 
With regard to Party A, "Threshold Amount" means three percent (3%) of its shareholders' 
equity (as calculated in accordance with generally accepted accountancy principles applicable to 
Party A). 
With regard to Party B, any applicable Specified Entity of Party B or any Credit Support Provider 
of Party B "Threshold Amount" means the lesser of (i) USD 1,000,000 or (ii) three percent (3%) 
of the shareholders' equity of Party B (as calculated in accordance with generally accepted 
accountancy principles applicable to Party B. 
(d) 
The "Credit Event Upon Merger" provision in Section 5(bXv) will apply Party A and Party B. 
(e) 
The "Bankruptcy-  provisions of Section 5(a)(vii) shall apply to Party A and Party B. 
(0 
The "Automatic Early Termination^ provisions of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A or Party 
B. 
(g) 
"Termination Currency" means United States Dollars. 
(h) 
Additional Termination Events. The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute a 
Termination Event: 
(i) 
Maintenance Of Ownership. Jeffrey Epstein at any time ceases to own, whether directly 
or indirectly 51% of the paid-tip share capital of Party B or if at any time the number of 
persons holding paid up capital in Party B exceeds 10. 
(ii) 
An Adverse Regulatory Change occurs and is continuing. "Adverse Regulatory Change" 
means the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law after the date on which a 
Transaction is entered into, or issuance of any directive or the promulgation of, or any 
change in, the interpretation, whether formal or informal, of any law or directive (or any 
requests, whether or not having the force of law) made by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction after such date which, in respect of a 
Transaction or any assets or hedge incidental thereto, in Party A's good faith 
determination, has the effect with regard to either party of: (A) imposing or adversely 
modifying, in any material respect, any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement; 
or (B) materially affecting the amount of regulatory capital to be maintained by such 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083069 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229253 
EFTA01383369

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383370.pdf
----------------------------------------
party or (C) subjecting such party to any material loss due to the re-characterization of any 
payments or deliveries to be made under such Transaction; or 
(iii) 
In the reasonable opinion of Party A, there is a material adverse change in the financial 
condition or credit standing of Party B or the Credit Support Provider of Party B from 
either the date of this Agreement or the date of the most recent financial statements of 
Party B or the Credit Support Provider of Party B delivered to Party A. 
(iv) 
Party B's net worth at any time is less than USD 67,500,000; net worth of Party B equals 
the assets of Party B minus the liabilities of Party B as reflected in the most recent 
financial statements of Party B delivered to Party A; or 
(v) 
If at any time Party B's Liquidity as defined herein as the aggregate sum of all cash plus 
cash equivalents in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, held by 
Party B, falls below USD 45,000,000. 
For the purpose of the foregoing Termination Events specified in clauses (i) through (v) above, 
Party B shall be deemed to be the Affected Party and Party A shall not be an Affected Party. 
Part 2. Tax Representations. 
(a) 
Payer Tax Representations. For the purposes of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A and 
Party B will each make the following representations to the other: 
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental 
revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on 
account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) 
to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, each 
party may rely on: 
(i) 
the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of 
this Agreement; 
(ii) 
the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(aXiii) 
of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the 
other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(aXiii) of this Agreement, and 
(iii) 
the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this 
Agreement, 
except that it will not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and 
the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material 
prejudice to its legal or commercial position. 
(b) 
Payee Tax Representations. 
(i) 
For purposes of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party A makes the following 
representations: 
(I) Each Transaction entered into by (i) Deutsche Bank AG, New York branch and (ii) 
Deutsche Bank AG, London branch acting through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. or 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083070 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229254 
EFTA01383370

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383371.pdf
----------------------------------------
Party required to deliver 
Form/Document/ 
document 
Certificate 
Operating Agreement. 
Party A and Party B 
Party B 
Party A and Party B 
Part 4. Miscellaneous. 
A copy of the most recent annual 
report 
containing 
consolidated 
financial statements of each party 
and such other public information 
respecting 
the 
condition 
or 
operations, financial or otherwise 
of such party, as the other party 
may reasonably request from time 
to time. 
A legal opinion in a 
form 
satisfactory to Party A with respect 
to Party D. 
A duly executed and delivered 
copy of the 
Credit 
Support 
Document. 
Date by which to be 
delivered 
material 
change in such 
documents. 
Promptly after request by the 
other party. 
Upon 
execution of this 
Agreement and any Credit 
Support Document 
As of execution of this 
Agreement 
Covered by Section 
3(d) Representation 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
(a) 
Address for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement, the addresses for 
notices and communications to Party A and Party B shall be as follows: 
(i) 
TO PARTY A: 
All notices to Party A under Sections 5 or 6 of the Agreement (other than notices under 
Section 5(a)(i)) shall be sent to: 
Deutsche Bank AG, I lead Office 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt 
GERMANY 
Attention: Legal Department 
Fax: 
All notices to Party A shall be sent directly to the office through which Party A is acting 
for the relevant Transaction, using the address and contact particulars specified in the 
Confirmation of that Transaction or otherwise notified. 
TO PARTY B: 
Southern Financial, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas 00802 
Virgin Islands (U.S) 
Attention: H 
Beller Jeffrey Epstein 
Fax No.: 
(b) 
Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083071 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229255 
EFTA01383371

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383372.pdf
----------------------------------------
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: 
Party B appoints as Process Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG — New York branch 
Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Darren K. Indyke 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
(c) 
Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement. 
(d) 
Multibranch Parry•. For the purpose of Section 10(b) of this Agreement: 
Party A is a Multibranch Party and may act through the following Offices: Its New York, 
London, Tokyo, Paris, Singapore, Brussels, Sydney, Amsterdam, Vienna, Canada (Toronto), 
New Zealand (Auckland), and Zurich Branches, and its Frankfurt Head Office. 
Party B is not a Multibranch Party. 
(e) 
Calculation Agent The Calculation Agent shall be Party A. 
(f) 
Credit Support Document. Details of any Credit Support Document: 
The 1SDA Credit Support Annex and supplementary "Paragraph 13 - Elections & Variables" 
in the form appended hereto shall constitute a "Credit Support Document" in relation to each 
party, respectively, with respect to all of the obligations of the parties and for all purposes of 
this Agreement. 
Credit Support Provider. Not applicable. 
Governing Law. 
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in 
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York (without reference to its choice of law 
doctrine). 
Multiple Transaction Payment Netting. Multiple Transaction Payment Netting will apply 
separately as agreed in writing from time to time. 
Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c): 
"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, None. 
"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party B, None. 
(k) 
No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement. 
(I) 
Additional Representation will apply. For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement each of 
the following will constitute an Additional Representation: 
Representations of All Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent and warrant to 
the other party on and as of the date that it enters into a Transaction (which 
representations and warranties shall be deemed repeated on and as of each date that any 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083072 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229256 
EFTA01383372

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383373.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transaction remains outstanding) that (absent a written agreement between the parties 
that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction): 
(A) 
Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own 
independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that 
Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon 
advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any 
communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a 
recommendation to enter into that Transaction: it being understood that 
information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction 
shall not be considered to be investment advice or a recommendation to enter 
into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other 
party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results 
of that Transaction. 
(B) 
Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and 
understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), 
and understands and accepts the terms and conditions and risks of that 
Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that 
Transaction. 
(C) 
Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or adviser to it 
in respect of that Transaction. 
(ii) 
Securities Act Representations. 
Each party represents to the other party (which 
representations will be deemed to be repeated by each party on each date on which a 
Transaction is entered into) that: 
(A) 
it acknowledges that certain Transactions under the Agreement may involve the 
purchase or sale of "securities" as defined under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") and understands that any such purchase or sale 
of securities will not be registered under the Securities Act and that any such 
securities may not be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred except 
(1) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and (2) in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States of America. 
(B) 
it is a "Institutional Account" as defined by FINRA Rule 21 II , or an "accredited 
investor" as defined under the Securities Act; and 
(C) 
unless otherwise expressly provided in a Confirmation for a Transaction, any 
securities it is required to deliver under this Agreement and any Transaction will 
not at the time of such delivery constitute "restricted securities" or be subject to 
restrictions on transfer (including so-called "control securities") under the 
Securities Act (as defined above) or otherwise. This representation will be 
deemed repeated at the time of such delivery. 
(iii) 
Additional Representations of Party B. Party B on and as of the date hereof and at all 
times until the termination of this Agreement and the Transactions, that (A) the assets of 
Party B do not and, prior to termination of this Agreement and the Transactions, will not 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083073 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229257 
EFTA01383373

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383374.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383374.pdf
----------------------------------------
constitute "plan assets" under Section 3(42) of the Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, as amended ("ERLSA"), and, together with the Agreement and the 
Transactions, are not and will not be subject to Part 4, Subtitle B, Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code"); (B) either (x) 
the assets of Party B do not and will not constitute the assets of any "governmental plan" 
within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA and, together with the Agreement and the 
Transactions, will not be subject to any law, rule or other restriction applicable to the 
assets of any such governmental plan ("Governmental Plan Law") or (y) the execution, 
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transactions do not and will not 
violate any Governmental Plan Law; and (C) Party B is not and, prior to termination of 
this Agreement and the Transactions, will not be, a "Special Entity" as defined under 
Title VII, Sections 731 or 764 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act of 2010 ("Reform Act") (or the amendments affected thereby). Party B 
will not take or permit any action (including, without limitation, permitting or effecting 
withdrawals from Party B or transfers of interests in Party B) during the term of this 
Agreement that may render any of the foregoing representations and/or warranties untrue, 
incorrect or incomplete, and Party B shall promptly notify Party A in writing if it 
becomes aware that any event, condition or circumstance has occurred or will occur that 
may render (or has rendered) any of the foregoing representations and/or warranties 
untrue, incorrect or incomplete. 
Part 5. Other Provisions. 
(a) 
Elective Termination. Unless a confirmation of a Transaction otherwise provides, either party 
(the "Electing Party", the other party being the "Non-electing Party") may elect to terminate any 
Transaction (which shall be deemed to be the only Affected Transaction) on the second (2") 
anniversary of the Trade Date of such Transaction and annually thereafter (which date shall be 
the Early Termination Date with respect to such Transaction) by at least five (5) days' prior 
notice, provided that no other Event of Default, Potential Event of Default, or Termination Event 
shall have occurred and then be continuing under this Agreement on such Early Termination Date 
(any such termination, an "Elective Terminadon"). 
For purposes of calculating amounts due under this Part 5(a), the Electing Party shall be treated as 
if it were the Affected Party and the Non-electing Party shall be treated as if it were the Non-
affected Party. 
For the purposes of calculating amounts due under an Elective Termination, all references to 
Additional Termination Event under Sections 6(b), (c), (d), and (e) should be read as references to 
an Elective Termination and should apply mutatis mutat:cll. 
(b) 
Consent to Recording. Each party (i) consents to the recording of the telephone conversations of 
trading and marketing and/or other personnel of the parties and their Affiliates in connection with 
this Agreement or any potential Transaction (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of and 
give notice of such recording to such personnel of it and its Affiliates; and (iii) agrees that 
recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings relating to this Agreement. 
(c) 
Tax Provisions. 
(1) ISDA 2010 Short Form HIRE Act Protocol. The parties agree that solely as between Party 
A and Party B, the definitions and provisions contained in the ISDA 2010 Short Form HIRE 
Act Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083074 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229258 
EFTA01383374

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383375.pdf
----------------------------------------
November 30, 2010, including the Attachment thereto ("Short Form Protocol"), will be 
deemed to be incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis as though such definitions and 
provisions were set out in full herein, with any such conforming changes as are necessary to 
deal with what would otherwise be inappropriate or incorrect cross references. The parties 
further agree that the Implementation Date (as such term is defined in the Short Form 
Protocol) shall be the date of execution of this Agreement. 
(2) Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United 
States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. "Tax" as used in Part 2(a) of this Schedule 
(Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 of this 
Agreement shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a "FATCA Withholding 
Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or 
withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this 
Agreement. 
(d) 
Party B Representations and Acknowledgements, Non-Reliance, Etc. 
Party B hereby 
represents, warrants and acknowledges to Party A as of the date of this Agreement and will be 
deemed to represent to Party A on the date that Party B enters into a Transaction that (absent a 
written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the 
contrary for that Transaction) that: 
(i) Party B understands that (x) that Transactions may at times be volatile and arc subject to 
complex and substantial risks that may arise without warning and (y) hisses in value for 
Party B's position in that Transactions may occur quickly and in unanticipated magnitude. 
(ii) Party A has made no representations, guarantees, or assurances whatsoever as to the 
expected or projected profitability, return, success, performance result, effect, consequence 
or benefit (whether legal, regulatory, tax, financial, accounting or otherwise) of that 
Transaction. Party B will be relying upon its own judgment and its own advisors with 
respect to that Transaction and Party B has not sought and is not relying on any views of 
Party A with respect to that Transaction. All terms of, and the documentation evidencing, 
this Agreement and that Transaction have been the result of arm's-length negotiations 
between the parties. 
(iii)Party A shall not be liable to Party B for any losses, costs, expenses, fees, charges, 
amounts, liabilities, claims, damages, penalties, interest, taxes, or fines associated with that 
Transaction, including the failure of that Transaction to achieve Party B's legal, regulatory, 
tax, business, investment, financial, or accounting objectives, other tharytParty A's own 
gross negligence and/or willful misconduct. 
(iv) Party B entered into this Agreement and is entering into that Transaction for Party B's own 
account as principal (and not as agent or in any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise). 
(v) Party B has, as of such date, (x) total assets at least equal to USD 67,500,000; (y) net worth 
(as defined in Part 1 of this Schedule) at least equal to USD 67,500,000; and (z) liquid 
tc/ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083075 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229259 
EFTA01383375

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383376.pdf
----------------------------------------
assets at least equal to USD 45,000,000. Party B is prepared to bear, and will be capable of 
bearing (financially and otherwise) all risks associated with that Transaction and all other 
Transactions and has sufficient financial wherewithal to incur any loss associated with 
entering into and performing its obligations under that Transaction and all other 
Transactions. 
(vi) Party B's entrance into this Agreement and that Transaction complied and will comply in 
all respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, interpretations, guidelines, and 
governmental and regulatory authorities affecting Party B. 
(vii) The financial information of Party B heretofore furnished to Party A fairly presents the 
financial condition of Party F3 on the dates and for the periods covered thereby. As of the 
date of this Agreement, Party B does not have any material liability or contingent 
obligation not shown on such statements. Since the date of such financial information there 
has been no material adverse change in the financial condition, operations, assets, and 
prospects of Party B. 
(e) 
Set Off Section 6(f) of this Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"(f) 
Upon the designation of any Early Termination Date, the party that is not the Defaulting 
Party or Affected Party ("X") may, without prior notice to the Defaulting or Affected Party 
("Y"), set off any sum or obligation (whether or not arising under this Agreement, whether 
matured or unmatured, whether or not contingent and irrespective of the currency, place of 
payment or booking office of the sum or obligation) owed by Y to X or any Affiliate of X (the "X 
Set Off Antount") against any sum or obligation (whether or not arising under this Agreement, 
whether matured or unmatured, whether or not contingent and irrespective of the currency, place 
of payment or booking office of the sum or obligation) owed by X or any Affiliate of X to Y (the 
"Y Set Off Amount"). X will give notice to the other party of any set off effected under this 
Section 6(f). 
For this purpose, either the X Set Off Amount or the Y Set Off Amount (or the relevant portion of 
such set off amounts) may be converted by X into the currency in which the other set off amount 
is denominated at the rate of exchange at which X would be able, acting in a reasonable manner 
and in good faith, to purchase the relevant amount of such currency. 
If a sum or obligation is unascertained, X may in good faith estimate that obligation and set-off in 
respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is 
ascertained. 
Nothing in this Section 6(f) shall be effective to create a charge or other security interest. This 
Section 6(f) shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, combination of 
accounts, lien or other rights to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by 
operation of law, contract or otherwise)." 
(0 
Escrow. On any date on which both parties are required to make payments hereunder, either 
party may at its option and in its sole discretion notify the other party that payments on that date 
are to be made in escrow. In this case deposit of the payment due earlier on that date shall be 
made by 2:00 p.m. (local time at the place for the earlier payment if there is a time difference 
between the cities in which payments are to be made) on that date with an escrow agent selected 
by the party giving the notice and reasonably acceptable to the other party, accompanied by 
irrevocable payment instructions (i) to release the deposited payment to the intended recipient 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083076 
SDNY GM 00229260 
EFTA01383376

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383377.pdf
----------------------------------------
upon receipt by the escrow agent of the required deposit of the corresponding payment from the 
other party on the same date accompanied by irrevocable payment instructions to the same effect 
or (ii) if the required deposit of the corresponding payment is not made on that same date, to 
return the payment deposited to the party that paid it into escrow at such party's request. The 
party that elects to have payments made in escrow shall pay the costs of the escrow arrangements 
and shall cause those arrangements to provide that the intended recipient of the payment due to be 
deposited first shall be entitled to interest on that deposited payment for each day in the period of 
its deposit at the rate offered by the escrow agent for that day for overnight deposits in the 
relevant currency in the office where it holds that deposited payment (at 11:00 a.m. local time on 
that day) if that payment is not released by 5:00 p.m. local time on the date it is deposited for any 
reason other than the intended recipient's failure to make the escrow deposit it is required to make 
hereunder in a timely fashion. 
(g) 
Additional Acknowledgments and Agreements of the Parties. Section 4 is hereby amended by 
adding the following new agreements: 
(i) 
Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. Each of the parties hereby irrevocably waives any and 
all right to a trial by jury with respect to any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement or any Transaction. 
(ii) 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Each party acknowledges and agrees that (A) Deutsche 
Bank Securities Inc. or another designated Affiliate of Party A (the "DesignatedAgent") 
will act as agent for Party A in connection with certain Transactions when so specified in 
the Transaction Confirmation; and (B) the Designated Agent is acting solely as agent and 
shall have no liability for the performance of either party's obligations under this 
Agreement or any Transaction, or for costs, expenses, damages or claims arising out of 
the failure of either party to perform any such obligation. 
(iii) 
Bankruptcy Code. Without limiting the applicability if any, of any other provision of the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Code as amended (the "Bankruptcy Code") (including without 
limitation Sections 362, 546, 556, and 560 thereof and the applicable definitions in 
Section 101 thereof), the parties acknowledge and agree that all Transactions entered into 
hereunder will constitute "forward contracts" or "swap agreements" as defined in Section 
101 of the Bankruptcy Code or "commodity contracts" as defined in Section 761 of the 
Bankruptcy Code, that this Agreement is a "master netting agreement" as defined in 
Section 101 of the Bankruptcy Code, that the rights of the parties under Section 6 of this 
Agreement will constitute contractual rights to liquidate Transactions, that any margin or 
collateral provided under any margin, collateral, security, pledge, or similar agreement 
related hereto will constitute a "margin payment" as defined in Section 101 of the 
Bankruptcy Code, and that the parties are entities entitled to the rights under, and 
protections afforded by, Sections 362, 546, 556, and 560 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
(h) 
Amendments. Section 9(b) is modified by the deletion of the words "or confirmed by an 
exchange of telexes or by an exchange of electronic messages on an electronic messaging 
system". 
(i) 
Counterparts and Confirmations. Section 9(e)(i) is modified by the deletion of the words "and 
by electronic messaging system". 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083077 
SDNY_GM 00229261 
EFTA01383377

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383378.pdf
----------------------------------------
(m) 
Master Representations. 
The representations set forth in Section 3(aXii)-(iv) are hereby 
amended by adding to the end of each such sub-section the following: ", provided that, solely to 
the extent made by Party A, this representation does not apply with respect to section 406 of 
ERISA, section 4975 of the Code, Governmental Plan Law, or Sections 731 or 764 of the Reform 
Act (or the statutory amendments enacted thereunder)." 
(n) 
(A) Eligible Contract Participant Representation. (i) Party A represents to Party B on and as 
of the date hereof and on each date on which a Transaction is entered into between them that (a) it 
is a "swap dealer" as defined in Section 18(49) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended 
("CEA") and Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") Regulation 1.3(ggg) and (b) it 
is an "eligible contract participant" within the meaning of Section la(18XAXv)(I) of the CEA and 
CFTC Regulation 1.3(m). (ii) Party B represents to Party A on and as of the date hereof and on 
each date on which a Transaction is entered into between them it is an "eligible contract 
participant" within the meaning of Section 1 a(I SXA)5(i)of the CEA and CFTC Regulation 
1.3(m). (iii) Each party agrees to promptly notify the other party in writing of any material 
changes to its representation(s) in this provision. 
(B) US Person Classification. Party B is a U.S. person as such term is defined by the CFTC in 
any law, order, interpretation rulemaking or release that may be promulgated by the CFTC. 
(C) In order to comply with certain obligations pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform 
and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank") and the rules, regulations, orders and 
interpretations that are published or issued by the CFTC to implement Dodd-Frank, Party A and 
Party B agree that, prior to entering into a Transaction governed by this Agreement, they (1) have 
or will (a) adhere to the ISDA August 2012 DF Protocol Agreement, published by International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") on August 13, 2012 and (b) submit the related 
Questionnaire (the "August 2012 DF Protocol Questionnaire") to Party A by email to 
dtprotocoladb,com together with the related Answer Sheet in excel format and in such 
Questionnaire have or will agree that OF Schedule 3/4/5/6, if applicable, is incorporated in the 
Agreement and (2) have or will (a) adhere to the ISDA March 2013 DF Protocol Agreement, 
published by ISDA on March 22, 2013 and (b) submit the related Questionnaire (the "March 
2013 DF Protocol Questionnaire"; and together with the August 2012 DF Protocol Questionnaire, 
the "Questionnaires") to Party A by email to df.orotocol@db.com together with the related 
Answer Sheet in excel format and has elected that DF Schedules 3 and 4, if applicable, are 
incorporated in the Agreement. In addition, if one or more Designated Evaluation Agents, 
Designated QIRs or Designated Fiduciaries is identified in the August 2012 DF Protocol 
Questionnaire, each such Designated Evaluation Agent, Designated QIR or Designated Fiduciary, 
as the case may be, must countersign the August 2012 DF Protocol Questionnaire where required 
and submit it to Party A using ISDA Amend or send the August 2012 DF Protocol Questionnaire 
via email to df.orotocol@db.com.
The parties agree that if the Questionnaires are exchanged prior to the date of this Agreement, this 
Agreement shall be a Protocol Covered Agreement notwithstanding the terms of the respective 
Protocol. 
(signature page follows) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083079 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229263 
EFTA01383378

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383379.pdf
----------------------------------------
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
SOMME 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Cynntriath 
bauCom
uoomo 
KATHLEEN YOHE 
DIRECTOR 
By: 
Nam ;we
t
Title: (IJ\`ano 
CPS '11 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083080 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229264 
EFTA01383379

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383380.pdf
----------------------------------------
Paragraph 3. Credit Support Obligations 
(a) 
Delivery Among Subject to Paragraphs 4 and 5, upon a demand made by the Secured Party on or 
promptly following a Valuation Date, if the Delivery Amount for that Valuation Date equals or exceeds the 
Pledgor's Minimum Transfer Amount, then the Pledger will Transfer to the Secured Party Eligible Credit Support 
having a Value as of the date of Transfer at least equal to the applicable Delivery Amount (rounded pursuant to 
Paragraph 13). Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, the "Davey Amount" applicable to the Pledgor for 
any Valuation Date will equal the amount by which: 
(i) the Credit Support Amount 
exceeds 
(ii) the Value as of that Valuation Date of all Posted Credit Support held by the Secured Party. 
(b) 
Return Amount Subject to Paragraphs 4 and 5, upon a demand made by the Pledger on or promptly 
following a Valuation D►te, if the Return Amount for that Valuation Date equals or exceeds the Secured Party's 
Minimum Transfer Amount, then the Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledger Posted Credit Support specified 
by the Pledger in that demand having a Value as of the date of Transfer as close as practicable to the applicable 
Return Amount (rounded pursuant to Paragraph 13). Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, the "Return 
Amount" applicable to the Secured Party for any Valuation Date will equal the amount by which: 
(i) the Value as of that Valuation Date of all Posted Credit Support held by the Secured Party 
exceeds 
(ii) the Credit Support Amount. 
"Crailt Support Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, fix any Valuation Date (i) the 
Secured Party's Exposure for that Valuation Date plus (ii) the aggregate of all Independent Amounts applicable 
to the Pledger, if any, minus (iii) all Independent Amounts applicable to the Secured Party, if any, minus (iv) the 
Pledgor's Threshold; provided, however, that the Credit Sup* Amount will be deemed to be zero whenever 
the calculation of Credit Support Amount yields a minter less than zero. 
Paragraph 4. Conditions Precedent, Transfer Timing, Calculations and Substitutions 
(a) 
Condition Precedent. Each Transfer obligation of the Pledger under Paragraphs 3 and 5 and of the 
Secured Party under Paragraphs 3,4(dXii), 5 and 6(d) is subject to the conditions precedent that: 
(i) no Event of Default, Potential Evcm of Default or Specified Condition has occurred and is continuing 
with respect to the other party; and 
(ii) no Early Termination Date for which any unsatisfied payment obligations exist has occurred or been 
designated as the result of an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the other pasty. 
(b) 
Transfer Timing. Subject to Paragraphs 4(a) and 5 and unless otherwise specified, if a demand for the 
Transfer of Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support is made by the Notification Time, then the relevant 
Transfer will be made not later than the close of business OD the next Local-Business Day; if a demand is made 
after the Notification Time, then the relevant Transfer will be made not later than the close of business on the 
second Local Business Day thereafter. 
(c) 
O:Inflation All calculations of Value and Exposure for purposes of Paragraphs 3 and 6(d) will be made 
by the Valuation Agent as of the Valuation Time. The Valuation Agent will notify each party (or the other party. 
if the Valuation Agent is a party) of its calculations not later than the Notification Time on the Local Business 
Day following the applicable Valuation Date (or in the case of Paragraph 6(d), following the date of calculation). 
ISDA® 1994 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083082 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229288 
EFTA01383380

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383381.pdf
----------------------------------------
Paragraph 6. Holding and Using Posted Winters! 
(a) 
Care of Posted Collateral. Without limiting the Secured Party's rights under Paragraph 6(c), the Secured 
Party will exercise reasonable care to assure the safe custody of all Posted Collateral to the extent requited by 
applicable law, and in any event the Secured Party will be deemed to have exercised reasonable care if it 
exercises at least the same degree of are as it would exercise with respect to its own property. Except as 
specified in the preceding sentence, the Secured Party will have no duty with respect to Posted Collateral, 
including, without limitation, any duty to collect any Distributions, or enforce or preserve any rights pertaining 
thereto. 
(b) 
Eligibility to ;told Posted Collateral; Custodians 
(i) General. Subject to the satisfaction of any conditions specified in Paragraph 13 fbr holding Posted 
Collateral, the Secured Patty will be entitled to hold Posted Collateral or to appoint an agent (a 
"Custodian") to hold Posted Collateral for the Secured Party. Upon notice by the Secured Party to the 
Pledger of the appointment of a Custodian, the Pledger's obligations to make any Transfer will be 
discharged by making the Transfer to that Custodian. The holding of Posted Collateral by a Custodian 
will be deemed to be the holding of that Posted Collateral by the Secured Party for which the Custodian 
is acting. 
(ii) Failure to Fetish Conditions. If the Secured Party or its Custodian fails to satisfy any conditions 
for holding Posted Collateral, then upon a demand made by the Pledger, the Secured Party will, not later 
than five Local Business Days after the demand, Transfer or cause its Custodian to Transfer all Posted 
Collateral held by it to a Custodian that satisfies those conditions or to the Secured Party if it satisfies 
those conditions. 
(iii) Liability. The Secured Party will be liable for the acts or emissions of its Custodian to the same 
extent that the Secured Party would be liable hereunder for its own n 
or omissions. 
(c) 
Use of Posted CollateraL Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13 and without limiting the rights and 
obligations of the parties under Paragraphs 3,4(d)(ii), 5, 6(d) and 8, if the Secured Party is not a Defaulting Party 
or an Affected Party with respect to a Specified Condition and no Early Termination Date has occurred or been 
designated as the result of an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the Secured Party, then the 
Secured Party will. notwithstanchng Section 9-207 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, have the right 
to: 
(i) sell, pledge, mhypothecate, assign, invest, use, commingle or otherwise dispose of, or otherwise use 
in its business any Posted Collateral it holds, free front any claim or right of any nature whatsoever of 
the Pledger, including any equity or right of redemption by the Pledger; and 
(ii) register any Posted Collateral in the name of the Secured Party, its Custodian or a nominee for either. 
For purposes of the obligation to Transfer Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support pursuant to 
Paragraphs 3 and 5 and any rights or remedies authorized under this Agreement, the Secured Party will be 
deemed to continue to bold all Posted Collateral and to receive Distributions made thereon. regardless of whether 
the Secured Party has exercised any rights with respect to any Posted Collateral pursuant to (i) or (ii) above. 
(d) 
Distributions and Interest Amount 
CO Distributions. Subject to Paragraph 4(a), if the Secured Party receives or is deemed to receive 
Distributions on a Local Business Day, it will Transfer to the Pledger not later than the following Local 
Business Day any Distributions it receives or is deemed to receive to the extent that a Delivery Amount 
would not be created or increased by that Transfer, as calculated by the Valuation Agent (and the date 
of calculation will be deemed to be a Valuation Date for this purpose). 
ISDA® 1994 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083084 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229288 
EFTA01383381

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383382.pdf
----------------------------------------
(ii) Interest AiwomilL Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13 and subject to Paragraph 4(a), in lieu 
of any interest, dividends or other amounts paid or deemed to have been paid with respect to Posted 
Collateral in the form of Cash (all of which may be retained by the Secured Party), the Secured Party 
will Transfer to the Pledger at the times specified in Paragraph 13 the Interest Amount to the extent that 
a Delivery Amount would not be created or increased by that Transfer, as calculated by the Valuation 
Agent (and the date of calculation will be deemed to be a Valuation Date for this purpose). The Interest 
Amount or portion thereof not Transferred pursuant to this Paragraph will constitute Posted Collateral 
in the form of Cash and will be subject to the security interest granted under Paragraph 2. 
Paragraph 7. Events of Default 
For purposes of Section 5(aXiii)(I) of this Agreement, an Event of Default will exist with respect to a party 
(I) that patty fails (or fails to cause its Custodian) to make, when due, any Transfer of Eligible Collateral. 
Posted Collateral or the Interest Amount, as applicable, required to be made by it and that failure 
continues for two Local Business Days after notice of that failure is given to that party; 
(ii) that party fails to comply with any restriction or prohibition specified in this Annex with respect to 
any of the rights specified in Paragraph 6(c) and that failure continues for five Local Business Days alter 
notice of that failure is given to that party; or 
(iii) that party fails to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation other than those specified 
in Paragraphs 7(i) and 7(ii) and that failure continues for 30 days after notice of that failure is given to 
that patty. 
Paragraph 8. Chain Rights and Remedies 
(a) 
Secured Party's Rights and Remedies. If at any time (I) an Event of Default or Specified Condition with 
respect to the Pledger has occurred and is continuing or (2) an Early Termination Date has occurred or been 
designated as the result of an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the Pledger, then, unless 
the Pledger has paid in full all of its Obligations that are then due, the Secured Party may exercise one or more 
of the following rights and remedies: 
(i) all rights and remedies available to a secured party under applicable law with respect to Posted 
Collateral held by the Secured Party; 
(ii) any other rights and remedies available to the Secured Party under the terms of Other Posted Support, 
if any; 
(iil) the right to Set-off any amounts payable by the Pledger with respect to any Obligations against any 
Posted Collateral or the Cash equivalent of any Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party (or any 
obligation of the Secured Party to Transfer that Posted Collateral); and 
(iv) the right to liquidate any Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party through one or mum public 
or private salts or other dispositions with such notice, if any, as may be required under applicable law, 
fax from any claim or right of any nature whatsoever of the Pledger, including any equity or right of 
redemption by the Pledger (with the Secured Party having the right to purchase any or all of the Posted 
Collateral to be sold) and to apply the proceeds (or the Cash equivalent thereof) from the liquidation of 
the Posted Collateral to any amounts payable by the Pledger with respect to any Obligations in that order 
as the Secured Party may elect. 
Each party acknowledges and agrees that Posted Collateral in the form of securities may decline speedily in value 
and is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, and, accordingly, the Pledger is not entitled to prior 
notice of any sale of that Posted Collateral by the Secured Party, except any notice that is required under 
applicable law and cannot be waived. 
ISDA0 1994 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083085 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229289 
EFTA01383382

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383383.pdf
----------------------------------------
Paragraph 10. Expenses 
(a) 
General. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 10(b) and 10(c), each party will pay its own costs 
and expenses in connection with performing its obligations under this Annex and neither party will be liable for 
any costs and expenses incurred by the other party in connection herewith. 
(b) 
Posted Credit Support The Pledgor will promptly pay when due all taxes, assessments or charges of any 
nature that are imposed with respect to Posted Credit Support held by the Secured Party upon becoming aware 
of the same, regardless of whether any portion of that Posted Credit Support is subsequently disposed of under 
Paragraph 6(c), except for those taxes, assessments and charges that result from the exercise of the Secured 
Party's rights under Paragraph 6(c). 
(c) 
Liquidadon/Application of Potted Credit Support All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by or on 
behalf of the Secured Party or the Pledgor in connection with the liquidation and/or application of any Posted 
Credit Support under Paragraph 8 will be payable, on demand and pursuant to the Expenses Section of this 
Agreement, by the Defaulting Party or, if there is no Defaulting Party, equally by the parties. 
Paragraph 11. Miscellaneous 
(a) 
Default Interest A Secured Party that falls to make, when due, any Transfer of Posted Collateral or the 
Interest Amount will be obligated to pay the Pledgor (to the extent permitted under applicable law) an amount 
equal to interest at the Default Rate multiplied by the Value of the items of property that were required to be 
Transferred, from (and including) the date that Posted Collateral or Interest Amount was required to be 
Transferred to (but excluding) the date of Transfer of that Posted Collateral or Interest Amount. This interest will 
be calculated on the basis of daily compounding and the actual number of days elapsed. 
(b) 
Further Assurances. Promptly following a demand made by a party, the other party will execute, deliver, 
tile and record any financing statement, specific assignment or other document and take any other action that may 
be necessary or desirable and reasonably requested by that pasty to create, preserve, perfect or validate any 
security interest or lien granted under Paragraph 2, to enable that party to exercise or enforce its rights under this 
Annex with respect to Posted Credit Support or an Interest Amount or to effect or document a release of a 
security interest on Posted Collateral or an Interest Amount. 
(c) 
Further Protection. The Pledgor will promptly give notice to the Secured Party of, and defend against, 
any suit, action, proceeding or lien that involves Posted Credit Support Transferred by the Pledgor or that could 
adversely affect the security interest and lien granted by it under Paragraph 2. unless that suit, action, proceeding 
or lien results from the exercise of the Secured Party's rights under Paragraph 6(c). 
(d) 
Good Faith end Commercially Reasonable Manner. Performance of all obligations under this Annex, 
including, but not limited to, all calculations, valuations and determinations made by either party, will be made 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(e) 
Desoto& and Notices. Alt demands and notices made by a party under this Annex will be made as 
specified in the Notices Section of this Agreement, except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 13. 
(f) 
Specifications of Certain Mailers. Anything referred to in this Annex as being specified in Paragraph 
also may be specified in one or more Confirmations or other documents and this Annex will be construed 
accordingly. 
ISDAO 1994 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083087 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229271 
EFTA01383383

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383384.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383384.pdf
----------------------------------------
Paragraph 12. Defiaitioos 
As used in this Annex:—
"Cash" means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
"Ora Support Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3. 
"Custodian" has the meaning specified in Paragraphs 6(b)(i) and 13. 
"Delivery Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(a). 
"Disputing Party" has the meaning specified in Paragraph S. 
"Distributions" means with respect to Posted Collateral other than Cash, all principal, interest and other payments 
and distributions of cash or other property with respect thereto, re/tentless of whether the Secured Party has 
disposed of that Posted Collateral under Paragraph 6(c). Distributions will not include any item of property 
acquired by the Secured Party upon any disposition or liquidation of Posted Collateral or, with respect to any 
Posted Collateral in the form of Cash, any distributions on that collateral, unless otherwise specified herein. 
"Eligible Collaterar means, with respect to a party, the items, if any, specified as such for that party in 
Paragraph 13. 
"Eligible Credit Support" means Eligible Collateral and Other Eligible Support. 
"Eurposure" means for any Valuation Date or other date for which Exposure is calculated and subject to 
Paragraph 5 in the case of a dispute, the amount, if any, that would be payable to a party that is the Secured 
Party by the other party (expressed as a positive number) or by a party that is the Secured Party to the other party 
(expressed as a negative number) pursuant to Section 6(eXii)(2XA) of this Agreement as if all Transactions (o• 
Swap Transactions) were being terminated as of the relevant Valuation Time; provided that Market Quotation 
will be determined by the Valuation Agent using its estimates at mid•market of the amounts that would be paid 
for Replacement Transactions (as that term is defined in the definition of "Market Quotation'). 
"Independent Amount" means, with respect to a party, the amount specified as such for that party in Paragraph 
13; if no amount is specified, zero. 
"Interest Amount' means, with respect to an Interest Period, the aggregate sum of the amounts of interest 
calculated for each day in that Interest Period on the principal amount of Posted Collateral in the form of Cash 
held by the Secured Party on that day, determined by the Secured Party for each such day as follows: 
(x) the amount of that Cash on that day; multiplied by 
(y) the Interest Rate in effect for that day; divided by 
(z) 360. 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the last Local Business Day on which an Interest 
Amount was Transferred (or, if no Interest Amount has yet been Transferred, the Local Business Day on which 
Posted Collateral in the form of Cash was Transferred to or received by the Secured Party) to (but excluding) 
the Local Business Day on which the current Interest Amount is to be Transferred. 
"Interest Rate" means the rate specified in Paragraph 13. 
"Local Business Day", unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, has the meaning specified in the Definitions 
Section of this Agreement, except that references to a payment in clause (b) thereof will be deemed to include 
a Transfer under this Annex. 
ISDA® 1994 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083088 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229272 
EFTA01383384

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383385.pdf
----------------------------------------
"Minimising Transfer Amount' means, with respect to a party, the amount specified as such for that party in 
Paragraph 13; if no amount is specified, zero. 
"Notification Time" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13. 
"Obligations" means, with respect to a party, all present and future obligations of that party under this Agreement 
and any additional obligations specified for that party in Paragraph 13. 
"Other Eligible Support" means, with respect to a party, the items, if any, specified as such for that party in 
Paragraph 13. 
"Other Posted Support" means all Other Eligible Support Transferred to the Secured Party that remains in effect 
for the benefit of that Secured Party. 
"Pledger" means either party, when that party (i) receives a demand for or is required to Transfer Eligible Credit 
Support under Paragraph 3(a) or (ii) has Transferred Eligible Credit Support under Paragraph 3(a). 
"Posted Collateral" means all Eligible Collateral, other property, Distributions, and all proceeds thereof that have 
been Transferred to or received by the Secured Party under this Annex and not Transferred to the Pledgor 
pursuant to Paragraph 3(b), 4(d)(ii) or 6(dXi) or released by the Secured Party under Paragraph 8. Any Interest 
Amount or portion thereof not Transferred pursuant to Paragraph 6(d)(ii) will constitute Posted Collateral in the 
lean of Cash. 
"Posted Credit Support' means Posted Collateral and Other Posted Support. 
"Recalculation Date" means the Valuation Date that gives rise to the dispute under Paragraph 5; provided, 
however, that if a subsequent Valuation Date occurs under Paragraph 3 prior to the resolution of the dispute, then 
the "Recalculation Date" means the most recent Valuation Date under Paragraph 3. 
"Resolution Mite" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13. 
"Return Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(b). 
"Secured Party" means either parry, when that party (i) makes a demand for or is entitled to receive Eligible 
Credit Support under Paragraph 3(a) or (ii) holds or is deemed to hold Posted Credit Support. 
"Specified Condition" means, with respect to a party, any event specified as such for that party in Paragraph I3. 
"Substitute Credit Support* has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(i). 
"Substitution Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(ii). 
"Threshold" means, with respect to a party, the amount specified as such for that party in Paragraph 13; if no 
amount is specified, zero. 
"Transfer" means, with respect to any Eligible Credit Support, Posted Credit Support or Interest Amount, and 
in accordance with the instructions of the Secured Party, Pledger or Custodian, as applicable: 
(i) in the case of Cash, payment or delivery by wire transfer into one or more bank accounts specified 
by the recipient; 
(ii) in the case of certificated securities that cannot be paid or delivered by book-entry, payment or 
delivery in appropriate physical form to the recipient or its account accompanied by any duty executed 
instruments of transfer, assignments in blank, transfer tax stamps and any other documents necessary to 
constitute a legally valid transfer to the recipient; 
(iii) in the case of securities that can be paid or delivered by book-entry, the giving of written instructions 
to the relevant depository institution or other entity specified by the recipient, together with a written 
copy thereof to the recipient, sufficient if complied with to result in a legally effective transfer of the 
relevant interest to the recipient; and 
(iv) in the case of Other Eligible Support or Other Posted Support, as specified in Paragraph 13. 
ISDA® 1994 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083089 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229273 
EFTA01383385

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383386.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383386.pdf
----------------------------------------
Party A: Deutsche Bank AG 
Party B: Southern Financial, LLC 
Paragraph 13. Elections and Variables 
(a) 
Security Interest for "Obligations". The term "Obligations" as used in this Annex includes the 
following additional obligations. 
With respect to Party B, "Obligations" means any and all present and future obligations of Party B 
under or in connection with this Agreement, or any other contract, or any other transaction between 
Party B and Party A. 
(b) 
Credit Support Obligations. 
(1) 
Delivery Amount, Return Amount and Credit Support Amount 
(A) 
"Delivery Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(a), except that each 
reference therein to "Valuation Date" is hereby amended to be "Valuation Time". 
(B) 
"Return Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(b), except that each 
reference therein to "Valuation Date" is hereby amended to be "Valuation Time". 
(C) 
"Credit Support Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3, except that, if an 
Independent Amount or Independent Amounts are specified for a party, the Credit 
Support Amount for such party will never be less than the aggregate of all Independent 
Amounts applicable to that party. 
(ii) Eligible CollateraL The following items will qualify as "Eligible Collateral" for the party 
specified: 
Party A 
Party B 
Valuation 
Percentage 
(A) 
Cash 
Inapplicable 
[X) 
100% 
(B) 
negotiable debt obligations issued by the U.S. 
Inapplicable 
[X) 
98% 
Treasury Department having a remaining maturity 
of less than one year ("Treasury Bills") 
(C) 
negotiable debt obligations issued by the U.S. 
Inapplicable 
[XI 
95% 
Treasury Department having a remaining maturity 
of 1-10 years ("Treasury Notes") 
(D) 
negotiable debt obligations issued by the U.S. 
Inapplicable 
[X) 
90% 
Treasury Department having a remaining maturity 
of more than 10 years ("Treasury Bonds") 
(E) 
Any account or deposit of Party B with Party A or 
Inapplicable 
[X] 
As determined 
an affiliate of Party A which is identified on Exhibit 
by Party A in 
A annexed hereto or otherwise designated as 
its sole 
Eligible Collateral for purposes of this Annex in a 
discretion and 
writing executed and delivered, in counterpart or 
further reduced 
otherwise, by Party A and Party B (each such 
by the full 
account or deposit, together with all of the 
amount of any 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083090 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229274 
EFTA01383386

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383387.pdf
----------------------------------------
securities, funds and other property therein and all 
other 
of the security entitlements related thereto, an 
obligations 
"Eligible Account"). In the case of an account or 
secured by 
deposit with an affiliate of Party A, such account or 
such Eligible 
deposit shall qualify as an Eligible Account only if 
Account as 
such affiliate signs this Annex at the end hereof. 
determined by 
Party A in its 
sole discretion. 
(F) 
Such other collateral as Party A and Party B may 
Inapplicable 
[XJ 
As may be 
agree. 
agreed. 
(iii) 
Other Eligible Support. The following items will qualify as "Other Eligible Support" for 
the party specified: 
(A) 
Inapplicable 
Inapplicable 
[ 1 
(B) 
Inapplicable 
Inapplicable 
[ 1 
(iv) 
Thresholds. 
(A) 
"Independent Amount" means with respect to Party A: Inapplicable 
"Independent Amount" means with respect to Party B: an amount in USD 
equal to the sum of (I) for Derivatives Transactions, the aggregate of the 
amounts specified in the Confirmations for such Transactions or as otherwise 
agreed by the parties, and (2) for Foreign Exchange Transactions, an amount 
equal to the sum of (a) the product of Tier I Net Open Position multiplied by 
Tier I Independent Amount Ratio, (b) the product of Tier II Net Open Position 
multiplied by Tier II Independent Amount Ratio, (c) the product of Tier III Net 
Open Position multiplied by Tier III Independent Amount Ratio, (d) the product 
of 'tier IV Net Open Position multiplied by Tier IV Independent Amount Ratio 
and (e) the Forward Risk Adjustment Amount. 
(B) 
"Threshold" means with respect to Party A: Inapplicable. 
"Threshold" means with respect to Party 13: Zero. 
(C) 
"Minimum Transfer Amount" means with respect to Party A: $100,000 provided, 
however, that the Minimum Transfer Amount for such party shall be zero upon the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Potential Event of 
Default, Termination Event, Additional Termination Event or Specified Condition 
with respect to such party. 
"Minimum Transfer Amount" means with respect to Party B: $100,000 provided. 
however, that the Minimum Transfer Amount for such party shall be zero upon the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Potential Event of 
Default, Termination Event, Additional Termination Event or Specified Condition 
with respect to such party. 
(D) 
Rounding. The Delivery Amount and the Return Amount will be rounded up and 
down respectively to the nearest integral multiple of $10,000. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083091 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229275 
EFTA01383387

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383388.pdf
----------------------------------------
(c) 
Valuation and Timing. 
(i) 
"Valuation Agent" means: Party A. 
(ii) 
"Valuation Date" means: Any Local Business Day. 
(iii) 
"Valuation Time" means: 
[ l
the close of business in the city of the Valuation Agent on the Valuation Date or date 
of calculation, as applicable; 
[X] 
the close of business on the Local Business Day before the Valuation Date or date of 
calculation, as applicable; 
provided that the calculations of Value and Exposure will be made as of approximately the 
same time on the same date. 
(iv) 
"Notification Time" means 1:00 pm, New York time, on a Local Business Day. 
(d) 
Conditions Precedent and Secured Party's Rights and Remedies. 
Each Termination Event 
specified below with respect to a party will be a "Specified Condition" for that party (the specified 
party being the Affected Party if a Termination Event or Additional Termination Event occurs with 
respect to that party): 
Force Majeure 
Illegality 
Tax Event 
Tax Event Upon Merger 
Credit Event Upon Merger 
The Additional Termination Events 
specified in Part I (other than an 
Elective Termination) of the Schedule 
to this Agreement or any event which, 
with the giving of notice or the lapse of 
time or both, would constitute an 
Additional Termination Event. 
(e) 
Substitution. 
(i) 
"Substitution Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(dXii). 
(ii) 
Consent. If specified here as applicable, then the Pledgor must obtain the Secured Party's 
consent for any substitution pursuant to Paragraph 4(d): Inapplicable 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083092 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229276 
EFTA01383388

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383389.pdf
----------------------------------------
(f) 
Dispute Resolution. 
(I) 
With respect to FX Transactions, Paragraph 5 of this Annex is deleted in its entirety and thus 
is inapplicable. 
(II) 
With respect to Transactions other than FX Transactions, the following provision would 
apply: 
(i) 
"Resolution 7Yme" means 1:00 p.m., New York time, on the Local Business Day 
following the date on which the notice is given that gives rise to a dispute under 
Paragraph 5. 
(ii) 
Value. For the purpose of Paragraphs 5(i)(C) and 5(ii), the Value of Posted Credit 
Support will be calculated as follows: as set forth for other purposes in Paragraph 
12. 
(iii) 
Alternative. The provisions of Paragraph 5 will apply, except to the following 
extent: (A) pending the resolution of a dispute, Transfer of the undisputed Value of 
Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support involved in the relevant demand 
will be due as provided in Paragraph 5 if the demand is given by the Notification 
Time, but will be due on the second Local Business Day after the demand if the 
demand is given after the Notification Time; and (B) the Disputing Party need not 
comply with the provisions of Paragraph 5(10(2) if the amount to be Transferred 
does not exceed the Disputing Party's Minimum Transfer Amount. 
(g) 
Holding and Using Posted Collateral. 
(i) Eligibility to Hold Posted Collateral; Custodians. Party A and its Custodian will be entitled to 
hold Posted Collateral pursuant to Paragraph 6(b); provided that the following conditions 
applicable to it are satisfied: 
(A) 
Party A is not a Defaulting Party. 
(B) 
Posted Collateral may be held only in the following jurisdictions: Posted Collateral 
consisting of certificated securities must be held in New York. 
initially, the Custodian for Party A is: Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch. 
(ii) 
Use of Posted Collateral The provisions of Paragraph 6(c) will apply to Party A and not to 
Party B. 
(iii) 
Collateral Account. All Eligible Collateral received by Party A from Party B (other than 
Contract Rights and Eligible Accounts) shall be credited to one or more accounts (each, a 
"Collateral Account") at Party A, or its Custodian, each of which may include property of 
other parties but will bear a title indicating that the property in such Collateral Account is 
held as security. 
Party A shall cause statements concerning the Posted Collateral held in each Collateral 
Account to be delivered to Party B on request. Nothing in this Paragraph 13(g)(iii) shall be 
constructed as limiting the right of Party A to use or otherwise dispose of Posted Collateral 
pursuant to Paragraph 6(c). 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083093 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229277 
EFTA01383389

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383390.pdf
----------------------------------------
Party A shall have no responsibility for ascertaining or informing Party B with respect to, 
and shall not be required to take any action concerning, any maturities, calls, conversions, 
exchanges, offers, tenders, redemptions or similar matters relating to any of the Posted 
Collateral, regardless of whether Party A has or is deemed to have knowledge of any thereof. 
(iv) 
Eligible Accounts. 
Party B may close, or withdraw funds or property from, an Eligible 
Account provided as Eligible Collateral only if (i) such close or withdrawal is part of a 
substitution effected in accordance with Paragraph 4(d) of this Annex or (ii) after giving 
effect to such close or withdrawal, the value of the remaining Posted Collateral for purposes 
of this Annex will be equal to or greater than that required hereunder. 
Party B hereby irrevocably authorizes Party A and its affiliates to disregard any instruction 
from Party B relating to an Eligible Account established with such entity which violates the 
provisions of this Paragraph 13(g)(iv). 
Party B hereby irrevocably authorizes Party A to originate entitlement orders (within the 
meaning of Article 8 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) with respect to each 
Eligible Account maintained with an affiliate of Party A, and each such affiliate agrees that 
(x) it will comply with such entitlement orders originated by Party A without further consent 
by Party B and (y) it is acting as agent for Party A with respect to such Eligible Account. 
(h) 
Distributions and Interest Amount 
(i) 
(i) 
Interest Rate. The "Interest Rate" will be with respect to Eligible Collateral in the form of 
Cash, for any day, the rate opposite the caption "Federal Funds (Effective)" for such day as 
published for such day in Federal Reserve Publication H.15(519) or any successor 
publication as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
(ii) 
Transfer of Interest Amount The Transfer of the Interest Amount will be made on the first 
Local Business Day of each calendar month. 
(iii) 
Alternative to Interest Amount The provisions of Paragraph 6(d)(ii) will apply. 
Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support. 
(i) 
"Value" with respect to Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support means: 
Inapplicable 
(ii) 
"Transfer" with respect to Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support means: 
Inapplicable 
(j) 
Demands and Notices. All demands, specifications and notices under this Annex will be made 
pursuant to the Notices Section of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified here: 
Party A: 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Attention: 
Collateral Management 
Telephone No.: 212-250-6200 
Fax No.: 
212-797-5922 
I5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083094 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229278 
EFTA01383390

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383391.pdf
----------------------------------------
Open Position, such number being determined and notified by Party A to Party B 
from time to time, and initially being five percent (5%). 
(K) 
(A) 
"Tier II Independent Amount Ratio" means a number expressed as a percentage 
representing the minimum proportion of (1) the Net Collateral Value attributable to 
all FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier II Currencies 
but not involving Tier Ill Currencies or Tier IV Currencies to (2) the Tier 11 Net 
Open Position, which Party B must maintain in respect of outstanding FX 
Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier II Currencies but not 
involving Tier III Currencies or Tier IV Currencies, such number being determined 
and notified by Party A to Party B from time to time, and initially being ten percent 
(10%). 
"Tier II Net Open Position" means, at any given time, the amount obtained by 
calculating the Net Open Position as it applies to all FX Transactions and Currency 
Option Transactions involving Tier II Currencies but not involving Tier ill Currencies 
or Tier IV Currencies. 
(M) 
"Foreign Exchange Transactions" means any Transaction that is a FX Transaction 
or Currency Option Transaction as defined in the FX Definitions (as defined below). 
(N) 
"Forward Risk Adjustment Amount" means an amount in the Base Currency 
determined by Party A in a commercially reasonable manner to account for the risk 
attributable to movements in the yield curves of the underlying currencies of the FX 
Transactions. 
(O) 
"Tier IV Ceiling Limit" means USD 20,000,000. 
(P) 
"Tier IV Close-Out Ratio" means a number expressed as a percentage representing 
the quotient of (A) the portion of the Net Collateral Value attributable to all FX 
Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier IV Currencies, 
divided by (B) the Tier IV Net Open Position, such number being determined and 
notified by Party A to Party B from time to time, and initially being fifteen percent 
(15%). 
(Q) 
"Tier IV Independent Amount Ratio" means a number expressed as a percentage 
representing the minimum proportion of (1) the Net Collateral Value attributable to 
all FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier IV Currencies 
to (2) the Tier IV Net Open Position, which Party B must maintain in respect of 
outstanding FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier IV 
Currencies, such number being determined and notified by Party A to Party B from 
time to time, and initially being twenty- five percent (25%). 
(R) 
"Tier IV Net Open Position" means, at any given time, the amount obtained by 
calculating the Net Open Position as it applies to all FX Transactions and Currency 
Option Transactions involving Tier IV Currencies. 
(S) 
"Net Collateral Value" means an amount expressed in the Base Currency equal to 
the difference of (I) the Value of Posted Credit Support, minus (2) the Secured 
Party's Exposure, such amount being determined and notified by Party A to Party B 
from time to time, provided that if such difference shall be an amount less than zero, 
the Net Collateral Value shall be zero. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083096 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229280 
EFTA01383391

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383392.pdf
----------------------------------------
"Net Open Position" means an amount expressed in the Base Currency deriving 
from the likely changes in the replacement value of all outstanding FX Transactions 
and Currency Option Transactions determined by Party A using its normal 
methodology in place from time to time. 
(U) 
"Tier I Ceiling Limit" means USD 40,000,000. 
(V) 
"Tier I Close-Out Ratio" means a number expressed as a percentage representing the 
quotient of (A) the portion of the Net Collateral Value attributable to all IX 
Transactions and Currency Option Transactions not involving Tier II, Tier III and 
Tier IV Currencies, divided by (B) the Tier I Net Open Position, such number being 
determined and notified by Party A to Party B from time to time, and initially being 
three percent (3%). 
Ow) 
"Tier I Independent Amount Ratio" means a number expressed as a percentage 
representing the minimum proportion of (1) the Net Collateral Value attributable to 
all FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions not involving Tier II, Tier III 
and Tier IV Currencies to (2) the Tier I Net Open Position, which Party B must 
maintain in respect of outstanding FX Transactions and Currency Option 
Transactions not involving Tier II, Tier 11I and Tier IV Currencies, such number 
being determined and notified by Party A to Party B from time to time, and initially 
being seven percent (7%). 
(X) 
"Tier I Net Open Position" means, at any given time, the amount obtained by 
calculating the Net Open Position as it applies to all FX Transactions and Currency 
Option Transactions not involving Tier II, Tier III and Tier IV currencies. 
(Y) 
"Tier I Currencies" means AUD, CAD, CHE, DKK, EUR, GBP, JPY, NOK, NZD, 
SEK, SGD, USD. 
(Z) 
"Tier II Currencies" means AED, OLP, CNY, CZK, IIKD, INR, MXN, QAR, RUB, 
SAR, THB, TWD. 
(AA) "Tier III Currencies" means BRL, HUF, IDR, ILS, KRW, MYR, PH?, PLN, RON, 
TRY, ZAR. 
(BB) 
"Tier IV Currencies" means ARS, COP, EGP, KZT, LJAIL 
(ii) 
Definitions. Any terms used in this Credit Support Annex which are not otherwise defined 
herein and which are defined in the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX 
Definitions") (published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., the 
Emerging Markets Traders Association, and the Foreign Exchange Committee) shall have the 
meaning set forth in the EX Definitions (without regard to any amendments thereto 
subsequent to the date hereof). Nothing in this Annex shall affect the parties' agreement that 
this Agreement and all Credit Support Annexes hereto (including this Annex) and all 
Transactions and related Confirmations hereunder are entered into in reliance on the fact that 
this Agreement, all Credit Support Annexes and all Transactions and Confirmations form a 
single agreement between the parties, the Posted Credit Support under all Credit Support 
Annexes constitutes a pledge with respect to and shall secure all Transactions and all 
Obligations, and the parties would not otherwise enter into any Transactions. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083097 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229281 
EFTA01383392

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383393.pdf
----------------------------------------
(iv) 
"Exposure. The definition of "Exposure" in Paragraph 12 is hereby amended by replacing 
"Valuation Date" in the first line thereof with "Valuation Time". 
(v) 
Limit on Secured Party's Liability. The Secured Party will not be liable for any losses or 
damages that the Pledgor may suffer as a result of any failure by the Secured Party to 
perform, or any delay by it in performing, any of its obligations under this Annex if the 
failure or delay results from circumstances beyond the reasonable control of the Secured 
Party or its Custodian, such as interruption or loss of computer or communication services, 
labor disturbance, natural disaster or local or national emergency. 
(vi) 
Further Assurances. If the Pledgor fails (a) to execute and deliver to the Secured Party such 
financing statements, assignments, or other documents or (b) to do such other things relating 
to the Posted Collateral as the Secured Party may reasonably request in order to protect and 
maintain its security interest in the Posted Collateral and to protect, preserve, and realize 
upon the Posted Collateral, then the Secured Party is hereby authorized by the Pledgor (but 
not required) to complete and execute such financing statements, assignments, and other 
documents as the Secured Party deems appropriate for such purposes. The Pledgor hereby 
appoints the Secured Party, during the term of this Agreement, as the Pledgor's agent and 
attorney-in-fact to complete and execute such financing statements, assignments and other 
documents and to perform all other acts which the Secured Party may deem appropriate to 
protect and maintain its security interest in the Posted Collateral and to protect, preserve, and 
realize upon the Posted Collateral. The power-of-attorney granted herein to the Secured 
Party is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable during the term of this Agreement. 
(vii) 
Transfer. 
Eligible Collateral contained in Eligible Accounts shall be deemed (i) "Transferred" to Party 
A for purposes of this Annex at all times while such Eligible Accounts are designated as 
Cash Collateral Accounts in accordance with this Agreement, (ii) "Transferred" to Party B 
for purposes of this Annex when the security interest in such Eligible Collateral in favor of 
Party A is released, and (iii) held by Party A for purposes of this Annex at all times on and 
after the Transfer of such Eligible Collateral to Party A and before the Transfer of such 
Eligible Collateral to Party B. 
(viii) 
The terms of Paragraph 13 of the Annex shall be amended by inserting the following as a 
new paragraph (m) as follows: 
"(m) Withholding Tax on Interest Amount with respect to Posted Collateral comprised 
of Cash: 
The provisions of Section 2(d) of this Agreement shall not apply with respect to payment of 
the Interest Amount under this Anne; and any withholding tax on the Interest Amount shall 
not constitute an Indemnifiable Tax under this Agreement. Paragraph 6(d)(ii) of this Annex 
is hereby amended by inserting "less any applicable withholding tax" after "the Interest 
Amount" in line 4 thereof. 
The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that, when interpreting any provision or 
representation in this Agreement (other than this Annex) relating to tax matters, references to 
"payment under this Agreement" or any other words with a similar purport made in this 
Agreement (excluding this Annex) shall be deemed to exclude payment of the Interest 
Amount under this Annex." 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083099 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229283 
EFTA01383393

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383394.pdf
----------------------------------------
(ix) 
Agreement as to Single Secured Party and Pledgor. Party A and Party B agree that, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the recital to this Annex, Paragraph 1(b) or 
Paragraph 2 or the definitions in Paragraph 12, (a) the term "Secured Party" as used in this 
Annex means only Party A, (b) the term "Pledgor" as used in this Annex means only Party B, 
(c) only Party B makes the pledge and grant in Paragraph 2, the acknowledgment in the final 
sentence of Paragraph 8(a) and the representations in Paragraph 9, (d) only Party B will be 
required to make Transfers of Eligible Credit Support hereunder and (e) Paragraph 7 shall 
apply to Party B only and shall not apply to Party A. 
(x) 
Changes to Net Open Position. Party A and Party B agree that Party A shall have the right 
to change the methodology used to calculate the Net Open Position at any time. Party A 
agrees to provide a description of such methodology to Party B upon request. 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
SOUT 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Cynthia Cucirtio 
-"KATHLEEN YOHE 
DIRECTOR 
B 
Name: -MCC-re,/ e n
Title: at au. ty
y. 
This undersigned entity, which is an affiliate of Party A, is executing this Annex to evidence its 
agreement to Paragraph 13(g)(iv) hereof. 
DEUTS 
E ANK SECU1t1<ETES INC. 
By: 
E. 
Name: 
Paul R Salvas 
Title: 
Vice Pres'vten• 
Thomas Hoddinott 
Director 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083100 
SDNY_GM_00229284 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01383394

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383395.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A 
For the purposes of the Credit Support Annex to which this Exhibit is attached and made a part, each of the 
following shall be an Eligible Account:-
DEUTSCHE BANK SE 
IE I C. 
Primary account number 
Secondary account number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083101 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229285 
EFTA01383395

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383396.pdf
----------------------------------------
secondary account in order to increase its collateral in the secondary account; however, 
Intermediary shall only be obligated to honor such Instruction Order if the conditions set forth in 
Section 2.6 are satisfied. The Debtor agrees that no additional liens shall be permitted without 
the prior written consent of the Secured Party. 
2.2.3 If in its sole discretion Secured Party approves the transfer of 
assets from the secondary account to the primary account for the settlement of trades, 
Intermediary's lien on the financial assets, or any replacement proceeds, while they are held in 
the primary account shall be subordinate to that of Secured Party pending return to the secondary 
account. 
2.3 
Entitlement Orders Given by the Secured Party. If at any time the 
Intermediary shall receive an entitlement order (as such term is defined in the UCC) in 
substantially the form set forth as Exhibit A from the Secured Party directing transfer or 
redemption of any financial asset credited to the Securities Account or any free credit balances 
with respect to such Securities Account (hereinafter an "Entitlement Other"), the Intermediary 
shall comply with such Entitlement Order without further consent by the Debtor or any other 
person. 
2.4 
Debtor's Rights to Instruct the Intermediary Prior to Delivery of a Notice 
of Sole Control. 
2.4.1 Primary Account. Until such time as the Intermediary receives a 
Notice of Sole Control (as defined in Section 2.5) pursuant to Section 2.5 below, the 
Intermediary shall honor all instructions and orders from the Debtor with respect to the financial 
assets held in the primary account including but not limited to (i) instructions and orders from the 
Debtor with respect to the exercise of voting rights, (ii) orders from the Debtor to redeem or 
transfer the financial assets, (iii) orders from the Debtor with respect to the selection of 
investments. 
2.4.2 Secondary Account. 
The Intermediary will not honor any 
instructions from the Debtor with respect to (i) orders from the Debtor to redeem or transfer 
financial assets in the secondary account or (ii) orders from the Debtor to trade financial assets in 
the secondary account. However, Intermediary will honor instructions from the Debtor with 
respect to the exercise of voting rights until Intermediary has received a written notice from 
Secured Party that Debtor shall no longer be entitled to exercise such voting rights. 
2.4.3 Entitlement Order. In the event that the Intermediary receives an 
Entitlement Order from the Secured Party that is inconsistent with any order and/or instructions 
received from the Debtor, the Intermediary shall honor the Entitlement Order of the Secured 
Party. 
2.5 
Notice of Sole Control. Without limiting the provisions of Section 2.4.2, 
if at any time the Intermediary shall receive from the Secured Party a Notice of Sole Control in 
substantially the form set forth in Exhibit B hereto, the Intermediary agrees that after receipt of 
such notice, it will take all orders and instructions (including but not limited to instructions 
and/or orders with respect to voting, selection of investments, redemption and transfer) with 
481053v3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083103 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229287 
EFTA01383396

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383397.pdf
----------------------------------------
respect to the Securities Account (or, if applicable, the specific security entitlements so identified 
in such notice) solely from the Secured Party and thereafter shall not honor any orders or 
instructions of the Debtor with respect to the Securities Account (or, if applicable, the specific 
security entitlements so identified in such notice). In the event that a Notice of Sole Control 
identifies only particular security entitlements, and not all security entitlements, with respect to 
the Securities Account, the Secured Party may thereafter send one or more additional Notices of 
Sole Control identifying additional securities entitlements. 
2.6 
Condition to Compliance. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 
Sections 2.2.2, 2.3, 2.4 and 2.5, Intermediary is not required to comply with an Instruction Order 
given under Section 2.2.2 or with an Entitlement Order or Notice of Sole Control given with 
respect to the primary account if honoring either the order or notice would cause the value or 
composition of the financial assets in the primary account to be out of compliance with the 
Intermediary's customary collateral maintenance requirements. In determining whether such 
non compliance has occurred, Intermediary shall consider its exposure from Debtor's obligations 
for principal and interest on margin loans, margin-related debits, unpaid debits and options 
requirements. The foregoing is solely for the benefit of Intermediary and not that of Debtor. 
2.7 
Intermediary's Duties With Respect to Agreements between the Debtor 
and the Secured Party. The Intermediary shall have no duty or obligation whatsoever of any 
kind or character to determine whether or not an event of default exists under any agreement 
between the Debtor and the Secured Party. The Intermediary shall honor Entitlement Orders 
and/or a Notice of Sole Control irrespective of any knowledge of the Intermediary whether or not 
an event of default shall exist or the Secured Party shall have any agreement with the Debtor 
limiting or conditioning its right to give such Entitlement Orders or Notice of Sole Control. The 
Intermediary shall have no duty to investigate the circumstances under which the Secured Party 
is entitled to give any Entitlement Orders or Notice of Sole Control. 
2.8 
"Financial Assets" Election. The Intermediary hereby agrees that each 
item of property, including cash, credited to the Securities Account on or after the date of the 
Agreement shall be treated as a "financial asset" within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) of the 
UCC. 
2.9 
Statements. The Intermediary will send copies of all monthly statements 
concerning the Securities Account and/or any financial assets credited thereto simultaneously to 
both the Debtor and the Secured Party. Such statements shall be sent to the Debtor and the 
Secured Party at the address for each set forth in this Agreement. 
2.10 
Tax Reporting. All items of income, gain, expense and loss recognized in 
the Securities Account shall be reported to the Internal Revenue Service and all state and local 
taxing authorities under the name and taxpayer identification number of the Debtor. 
Section 3. 
Intermediary's Liens and Rights of Set-Off. In addition to the relative 
priority of the security interests of the Intermediary and Secured Party in the primary and 
secondary accounts, the Intermediary shall also have a security interest prior to that of Secured 
Party in the secondary account as and to the extent nerneiry to secure Intermediary for the 
payment of any usual and customary commissions or fees owing to the Intermediary with respect 
481053v3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083104 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229288 
EFTA01383397

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383398.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account and/or any financial assets credited thereto pursuant to which it has agreed to comply 
with entitlement orders (as defined in Section 8-102(aX8) of the UCC) of such other person. 
5.4 
The Intermediary has not entered into, and until the termination of this 
Agreement will not enter into, any agreement with the Debtor or the Secured Party purporting to 
limit or condition the obligation of the Intermediary to comply with Entitlement Orders as set 
forth in Section 2.3 hereof. 
Section 6. 
Representations. Warranties and Covenants of The Intermediary. 
The Intermediary hereby makes the following representations, warranties and covenants: 
6.1 
Enforceable Agreement. This Agreement is the valid and legally binding 
obligation of the Intermediary and the Intermediary shall not change the name or account number 
of the Securities Account without the prior written consent of the Secured Party; 
6.2 
Adverse Claims. Except for the claims and interest of the Secured Party, 
the Intermediary and the Debtor in the Securities Account, the Intermediary does not know of 
any claim to, or interest in, the Securities Account or in any financial asset credited thereto. If 
any person asserts any lien, encumbrance or adverse claim (including any writ, garnishment, 
judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process) against the Securities Account or 
in any financial asset credited thereto, the Intermediary will promptly notify the Secured Party 
and Debtor thereof. 
Section 7. 
Indemnification of Securities Intermediary. Debtor and Secured Party 
hereby agree that (a) the Intermediary is released from any and all liabilities to the Debtor and 
the Secured Party arising from the terms of this Agreement and the compliance of the 
Intermediary with the terms hereof, except to the extent that such liabilities arise from the 
Intermediary's gross negligence or willful misconduct (provided that Intermediary shall in no 
event be liable for any incidental, consequential or punitive damages), and (b) the Debtor, its 
successors and assigns shall at all times indemnify and save harmless the Intermediary and its 
affiliates and agents from and against any and all claims, actions and suits of others arising out of 
the terms of this Agreement or the compliance of the Intermediary with the terms hereof, except 
to the extent that such arises from the gross negligence and willful misconduct of the 
Intermediary, its affiliates or its agents, and from and against any and all liabilities, losses, 
damages, costs, charges, counsel fees and other expenses of every nature and character arising by 
reason of the same (including any fees or charges with respect to the Securities Account), until 
the termination of this Agreement. 
Section 8. 
Assienments Prohibited. Each party hereto agrees that it shall not assign 
its rights hereunder and any purported or attempted assignment of rights hereunder shall be null 
and void and of no effect except the Secured Party may assign its interests hereunder to any 
affiliate of Secured Party. If Secured Party assigns its interests to an affiliate, it must give Debtor 
and Intermediary ten business day's advance notice in writing. 
Section 9. 
Successors. 
Subject to the provisions of Section 8 with respect to 
voluntary assignment of its rights, the terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall 
inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective corporate successors or heirs and 
4810533 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083106 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229290 
EFTA01383398

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383399.pdf
----------------------------------------
personal representatives who obtain such rights solely by operation of law. The rights, benefits 
and protections of Secured Party under this Agreement shall also inure to the benefit of any 
affiliate of Secured Party (other than Intermediary) which has been granted a security interest in 
the Securities Account pursuant to separate documentation executed for the benefit of both the 
Secured Party and such affiliate. 
Section 10. 
Notices. 
Any notice, request or other communication required or 
permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and deemed to have been properly 
given when delivered in person or when sent by facsimile and electronic confirmation of error 
free receipt is received or two business days after being delivered to a reputable overnight 
delivery service for next day delivery, addressed to the party at the address set forth below. 
Debtor: 
Name: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
Address: 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St. Thomas US Virgin Islands 00802 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attention: 
Secured Party: 
Name: 
Address: 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attention: 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
345 PARK AVE,26th Flr. NY, NY 10154 
Intermediary: 
Name: 
DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES, INC. 
Address: 
VE 14th Flr., NY, NY 10154 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attention: 
Nicholas Haigh, Managing Director 
Any party may change its address for notices in the manner set forth above. 
Section 11. 
Termination.
11.1 
Termination of this Agreement. The obligations of the Intermediary to the 
Secured Party pursuant to this Agreement shall continue in effect until the Secured Party has 
notified the Intermediary of such termination in writing in substantially the form of Exhibit C 
hereto. The termination of this Agreement shall not terminate the Securities Account or alter the 
obligations of the Intermediary to the Debtor pursuant to any other agreement with respect to the 
Securities Account. 
11.2 
Termination of Account. The Intermediary may, upon 30 days written 
notice to Debtor and Secured Party, resign as Intermediary hereunder and transfer all financial 
451053v3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083107 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229291 
EFTA01383399

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383400.pdf
----------------------------------------
assets to another institution. The Secured Party shall have the right to identify the institution and 
the account to which financial assets shall be transferred by sending an Entitlement Order to the 
Intermediary at any time prior to the expiration of the thirtieth (30th) day after written notice 
from the Intermediary is sent to the Secured Party. If the Intermediary has not prior to the 
expiration of the 3r day received an Entitlement Order from the Secured Party directing 
transfer, the Intermediary may honor an Entitlement Order from the Debtor. If neither the 
Secured Party nor the Debtor has delivered a suitable Entitlement Order with respect to the 
transfer of the financial assets credited to the Securities Account, the Intermediary may, at its 
option, deposit the assets with a court of competent jurisdiction or establish a successor account 
at another institution. Any such successor account established by the Intermediary at another 
institution shall be maintained in the same name as the Securities Account; but other than the 
name in which the account is maintained, the Intermediary shall have no obligation to establish 
an account with the same or even similar terms as the Securities Account. 
481053v3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083108 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229292 
EFTA01383400

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383401.pdf
----------------------------------------
Section 12. 
Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any party hereto may 
execute this Agreement by signing and delivering one or more counterparts. 
SOUTHE 
Debtor 
By: 
By: 
Name:Z; Pre -f 
Title: fflanasS e_v-
IAL, LLC 
Name: 
Title: 
DEUTSCH BANK AG 
By: 
Name: 
By: 
Naine: 
Title: 
DEUTSC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Title: 'rector 
•;ynthir. 
By: 
aut n. satvas 
Name: 
Title: 
Thomas Hoddinott 
Director 
recto.. . 
KATHLEEN YORE 
DIRECTOR 
BANK SECURITIES INC. 
Vice President 
Sad 
481053v3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083109 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229293 
EFTA01383401

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383402.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit A 
[Letterhead of Secured Party] 
pate] 
[NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE INTERMEDIARY] 
Re: 
Entitlement 
Order 
for 
Securities 
Account No. 
(the "Securities Account") 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
As referenced in the Agreement, dated  
, 20_ (the "Agreement"), among 
 (the "Debtor"), you and the undersigned (a copy of which is attached), 
pursuant to Section 2 of the Agreement, we hereby give you the following entitlement order with 
respect to account number 
• 
[1 
Order to Redeem 
You are hereby ordered to redeem the following financial assets: 
Any proceeds received on redemption should be credited to the 
Securities Account. 
C] 
Order to Transfer 
You are hereby ordered to transfer the following financial assets from the 
Securities Account: 
Such financial assets should be transferred by you to 
for 
credit to Account No. 
maintained in the name 
Very truly yours, 
[NAME OF SECURED PARTY] 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
cc: 
4SI 053O 072452.0101 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083110 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229294 
EFTA01383402

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383403.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit B 
[Letterhead of Secured Party] 
[Date] 
[NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE INTERMEDIARY] 
Re: 
Notice 
of 
Sole 
Control 
for Securities Account No. 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
As referenced in the Agreement, dated  
, 20_ (the "Agreement"), among 
(the "Debtor"), you and the undersigned (a copy of which is attached) we 
hereby give you notice of our sole control over the following securities entitlements with respect 
to securities account number 
(the "Securities Account"): 
U 
All security entitlements with respect to all financial assets now or hereafter 
credited to the Securities Account. 
Select
One 
El 
The security entitlements with respect to the following financial assets credited to 
the Securities Account: 
You are hereby instructed not to accept any direction, instructions or entitlement orders with 
respect to the security entitlements described above from any person other than the undersigned, 
unless otherwise ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
You are instructed to deliver a copy of this notice by facsimile transmission to the 
Debtor. 
Very truly yours, 
[NAME OF SECURED PARTY] 
By: 
Name: 
Tide: 
cc: 
4111053O 072452.01(11 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083111 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229295 
EFTA01383403

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383404.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit C 
[Letterhead of Secured Party] 
[Date] 
[NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE INTERMEDIARY] 
Re: 
Termination of Agreement 
You are hereby notified that the Agreement, dated  
, 20_ (the 
"Agreement"), among you, 
(the "Debtor") and the undersigned (a copy of which is 
attached) is terminated and you have no further obligations to the undersigned pursuant to such 
Agreement. Notwithstanding any previous instructions to you, you are hereby instructed to 
accept all future directions with respect to Securities Account number 
from the 
Debtor. This notice terminates any obligations you may have to the undersigned with respect to 
such account; however, nothing contained in this notice shall alter any obligations which you 
may otherwise owe to the Debtor pursuant to any other agreement. 
You are instructed to deliver a copy of this notice by facsimile transmission to [insert 
name of Debtor]. 
Very truly yours, 
[NAME OF SECURED PARTY] 
By: 
Name: 
cc: 
4810$3v3 072452.0101 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083112 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229298 
EFTA01383404

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383405.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383405.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
345 Park Avenue. MS: NYC20-2610 
New York. NY 10154 
212-454-2418 
M arch 1, 20 19 - M ay 31, 20 19 
Account Number: 
Portfolio at a Glance 
This Peflod 
 Yea-lo-Date 
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$0 .00 
205 298 67 
ALAN BRODY 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
.650.18 
-5.290 057 99 
(212) 454-0720 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
-650 18 
-84 759 32 
Dividends. Interest and Other Income 
650 18 
016 57 
Net  Change in Portfolio' 
00 
742.75
ENDINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$0.00  
$0.80 
Estimated Annual Income 
53A91.43 
' Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
Percent 
Asset Type 
Prior Yea-Bid 
Lest Period 
This Period 
0% 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
4,392,828.67 
0.00 
0.00 
0%  
Fixed Income 
812 470 00 
0.00  
0.00 
0% 
Account Total 
$5,205,298.67 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
Summary of Gains and Losses 
Long-Term Gain! Loss 
Net Gain/ Loss 
This summary excludestransactions where cost basis information is not available 
crl:. 
Realized 
Ibis Period 
000 
0.00 
Yea-to-Date 
Unrealized
-161.230.36 
0.00 
-161,230.36 
0.00 
Go paperless 
MX Mall t.011ivtire 
Ralscl CaNlaR 
Every Yea Since 2007 
OALOAR RA TM COMPAVNICA71077S 
rxCellENCI
Page of 
Cerium llweersh PInMg llC, a wholly owned 
sotrodury of Teo Bonk of New Yore Mellon 
Commotion ISNY Mellon) 
Porno, ylL ronrOor 
VISL S Fr 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083113 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229297 
EFTA01383405

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383406.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383406.pdf
----------------------------------------
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced' negative interest rates . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 1399 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced • negative interest rates' Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 13 99 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
Dale 
Activity Type 
Sweep Money Market Fund 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT 8 AG INSTL 
Current Yield: 2.29% Activity Ending:05/ 13! 19 
 Description 
Amount 
Balance 
05/01/19 
Opening Balance 
9.00 
0.00 
05/13/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
650.14 
650.14 
05/14/19 
Withdrawal 
PA ON EY FUND RED EM PTION 
450.14 
0.00 
05/14/19 
Withdrawal 
SH A RES RED EM ED 
4.04 
4.04 
05/14/19 
Deposit 
ACCRUED DIVIDEND CREDIT 
0.04 
0.00 
05113/19 
Closing.Balance  
 60.00 
Total All Money Market Funds 
$0.00 
tome and Expense Summa. y 
Dividend Income 
Curtail Wed 
Taxable 
NOM Taxable  
Yes-to-We 
Taxable 
We Taxable 
Money Market 
0.04 
0.00 
3,491.43 
0.00 
Interest Income 
Bond Interest 
650.14 
0.00 
32,525.14
OC 
Total Dividends, Interest Income and Expenses 
$650.18 
50.00 
536,016.57 
3D 03 
Page 2 of 7 
Account Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
snow HUM, 
Rated Ertellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICAllONS 
EXCELIDKE 
MISR trireugh Penabos ESC. • wholly road 
subtle:run of The Baal Ni. Yort Melba 
Corporation (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( SIM& NYSE St?C 
DB-SDNY-0083 1 14 
SDNY_GM_00229298 
EFTA01383406

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383407.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings 
M arch 1, 2019 - M ay 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN TRUST COM PA NY INC 
Opening 
Dosing 
Acaued 
Description 
OutellNy 
Balance 
Balance 
Income 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS 0.00% of Portfolio 
Money Market 
Income 
30•Cey 
This Year 
Yield 
CASH AC TR DWSG0VT AG INSIL 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
3.491.43 
231% 
Total Money Market  
$0.00 
$0.00  
30.00 
$3.491.43 
TOTAL CASH. MONEY FUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS 
00 
$0.00 
30.00 
93,491.43 
Total Portfolio Holdings 
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures 
Market Value 
$0.00 
Awned 
Estimated 
Interest 
Annual Income 
30.00 
$3,491.43 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for w hich a price is not available are marked "N1 A" and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PRICE DATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THEPRICEDATEDOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EM) and estimated annual yield (EAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable: however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Account Number.
13fIXT:7:27 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 3 of 7 
Go paperless 
A3 AltOul 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELIDKE 
MISR I rough Penabos UM. • wholly *ad 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mak. 
Comeration (INY Melon) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083115 
SDNY_GM_00229299 
EFTA01383407

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383408.pdf
----------------------------------------
Port to o -o dings Disc osures (continued) 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal (or your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to '66, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
M essAge, 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10 b-10(b)( 1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
IIIIMMErMESSEM 
Securities 
Credits This Period 
Debits ThIsPalod 
Net ThisPerlod  
CralleYeat-to-Date  
Debits Year-to-Dale 
Net Yea-to-Date 
Securities Sold 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
861,212.75 
0.00 
861,212.75 
Total Securities 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$861,212.75 
$0 00 
$861,212.75 
Dividends and Interest 
$650.18 
$0.00 
$650.18 
$36,016.57 
$O 00 
$36.016.57 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
-650.18 
-650.18 
0.00 
-5 290 057 99 
4290,057.99 
Total Cash 
$0.00 
4650.18 
4650.18 
$0.00 
-$5.290 057 99 
44290,057.90 
Totals 
$650.18 
5650.18 
$0.00 
$891,229.32 
290 057 99 
44.392.828.67 
Page 4 of 7 
Account Number: NIG-023812 
coax:nom 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
snow MINIM 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly need 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mellon 
Comeration (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-00831 1 6 
SDNY_GM_00229300 
EFTA01383408

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383409.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383409.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Transactions by Type of A el Ivity 
Process 
Selliement 
Date 
Dividends and 
05/10119 
05/14/19 
M arch 1, 2019 - M ay 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN TRUST COM PA NY INC 
Activity Type 
Description 
Interest 
FOREIGN BOND INTEREST 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
INCOME REBYED 
Quantity 
ROYAL BK SCOTLAND GROUP PLC ADR SER U REPSTG PREF U 
SHS7.640% 11104188 EVE RD 06/28 PD 06129/8 RATEADI 
CASH AC TR DWSGOYT 6 AGENCY INSTL INCOME REDEEMED 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
05/14/19 
FEDERAL RJNOSSENT 
..F.MORGAN CHASE BANK, 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits - U.S. DOLLARS 
Total Value of Transactions 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded 
°lent Service Information 
4.000 000 000 
Price 
Accrued interest 
Amount Currency 
650.14 
USD 
0.04 
USD 
0.00 
650.18 
450.18 
USD 
0.00 
450.18 
00 
0.00 
USD 
Your Investment Specialit 
Contad Information 
ALAN BRODY 
Telephone Number 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 10154.0003 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for M utual Funds: 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
BOND AMORTIZATION EIICTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Include market discount in income annually:  
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
First In First Out 
First In First Out 
First In First Out 
Yes 
Constant Yield Method 
No 
Account Number 
Go paperless 
ASXAIWYT t.DIIIPtorr 4 
Rated Excellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCEUDKE 
Page 5 of 7 
Cleats threugh Per.
 ICC. • whelly awed 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Wet Mellow 
Corporation (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat U.C. mutter AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083117 
SDNY_GM_00229301 
EFTA01383409

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383410.pdf
----------------------------------------
Your Account Information (continued) 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
• 
Stalemeots and Reports 
O 
Trade Confirmations 
O 
Tax Documents 
O 
Notifications 
O 
Prospectus 
O 
Proxy/Shareholder Communications 
You have not enrolled any of the above documents for electronic delivery. Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences. 
Important Information and Disclosures 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution, Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (sine). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www pershing.com/ about/ strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
Page 6 of 7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Account tivriber 
a:r!, .:111M
Go paperless 
SNOUT 401INNY 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly road 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yert Melba 
Comeration (INY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083118 
SDNY_GM_00229302 
EFTA01383410

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383411.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Important Info: mat ion and Disclosures (continued) 
M arch 1, 2019 - M ay 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN TRUST COM PA NY INC 
Important Arbitration Disclosures (continued) 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
(ill) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the Sate of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; 
Account Number: N 
r:ovexeriont 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
etOul Neltivter 4 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELLDICE 
Page? of 7 
awes through Pin taboe ICC. • wholly tweed 
subsiSin of The Boat al Ni. Yea Make 
Comoration OINY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. member AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083119 
SDNY_GM_00229303 
EFTA01383411

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383412.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Deolwhe sane Mtn, Wealth Menem.' 
Vern Canna Gimp 
Ooetuke Sera %wiles Inc 
New Yerk OlAm 
MS Piet Annum )MN flee 
meteoric. NY 19114 
toll Fen 16641114SOS 
Wm: 410 tI51141 
February 1, 2019 - Februar 28 2019 
Account Number: 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
Portfo 
Glance 
oat a 
ThisPerlod 
Year4o-Date 
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
Et 297 789 90 
$5 205 298.67 
T
fief Cash Deposits and1Vilhdraxals 
-1,289,407.81 
-5,289,407 81 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
382 09 
-84.109 14 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
405.16 
35.366 39 
Net  Change in Portfolio' 
-8.787  25 
742 75 
END1NGACCOUNT VALUE 
$0.00  
$009 
Estimated Annual Income 
33.491 39 
Asset Summary 
' Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
Percent 
Asset Type 
Prior Year-End 
Lest Period 
This Period 
0% 
Cash Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
392 828 67 
427.789.90 
00 
0%  
Fixed Income 
812,470 00  
870 000.00
00 
0% 
Account Total 
$5,205,298.67 
$1.297,789.90 
SO 00 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist.
Summary of Gains and Losses 
Long-Term Gain! Loss 
Realized 
Thb Period 
-161,230.36 
Year-to-Dee 
-161.230.36 
Unrealized 
0.00
Net Gain/ Loss 
This summary excludestransactions where cost basis information is not available 
-161,230.36 
-161,230.36 
00 
Page ' of? 
C: 
$ 
Go paperless 
MX MOIST t.011ivtier 
Med btellent 
Every Yew Since 2007 
OALOAR RAMP COMPAVNICAllONS 
EX= DICE 
Cleaning llreush PenIrm LLC, a wholly owned 
sub far" of The Balk of New Yo,* Mellon 
Corporation (BNY Mellon) 
Pesstwee LLC. member' illiRA NYS:. S rsS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083120 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229304 
EFTA01383412

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383413.pdf
----------------------------------------
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced' negative interest rates' . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 13 99 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
Money Market Fund Detail 
Otte 
Sweep Money Market Fund 
CASH AC TRDWSGOVT & AG INSTL 
Current Yield: 2.31% Activity Ending: 02/ 13/ 19 
02101/19 
Opening Balance 
02113/19 
Deposit 
02114/19 
Withdrawal 
02114119 
Withdrawal 
02114119 
 Deposit 
02/13119 
Closing Balance 
Total All Money Market Funds 
Activity Type 
Description 
Amount 
Balance 
Income and Expense Summary 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
MONEY FUND REDEMPTION 
SHARES REDEEM ED 
ACCRUED DIVIDEND CREDIT 
427,789.90 
861,212.75 
-1,289,002.65 
-405.16 
405.16 
427.789 90 
1.289.002 65 
0.00 
40516 
0.00 
$0.00 
$000 
Dividend Income 
Money M arket 
Interest Income 
Bond Interest 
Total Dividends Interest Income and Expenses 
Portfolio Holdings 
Description 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 0.00% of Portfolio 
Money Market 
CASH AC TR MS GOVT  AG INSTL 
Total Money Market 
Current Period 
Tirade 
Non Taxable 
Yair4o-Dele 
Taxable 
Non Ruble 
405.18 
0.00 
$405.16 
0.00 
0.00 
$0.00 
3,491.39 
0.00 
31,875.00 
0.00 
$35.366.39 
$0.00 
Quantity 
Opening 
Balsa 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
427,789.90 
Dosing 
Balance 
0.00 
$427,789.90 
Account Number: N 
idontronts 
$0.00 
Acaued 
Income 
Income 
30-Day 
This Year 
Yield 
0.00 
3,491.39 
2.31% 
$0.00 
$3,491.39 
Page 2 of 8 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDKE 
MISR Reach Penabos ac. • wholly owed 
sbtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yore Maw 
ComeratIon (BNY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083121 
SDNY GM_00229305 
EFTA01383413

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383414.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
February 1,2019 - February 28,2019 
SOUTHERN TRUST COM PA NY INC 
Desdiptc,r 
CAS— MONEY EUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS(continued) 
TOTAL CASH M ONEY FUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Total Portfolio Holdings 
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures 
Cur lay 
Opening 
Dosing 
Accrued 
Income 
30-Day 
Balance 
Balance 
Inome 
This Year 
Yield 
S.:27 789 90 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$3.491.39 
Markel Value 
Acuued 
Estimated 
Interest 
Annual Income 
$0.00 
$3,491.39 
$0.00 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for w hich a price is not available are marked "N/ A" and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PR10EDATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THEPRICEDATEDOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 1%, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
Page 3 of 
Account Number:NIG-023812 
noteronts 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
Mt MVO t.DItivtorr 4 
Rated Utellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCEUDKE 
Marts through PentaboOLC. a wholly awed 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mellow 
Comer/Mon (eNY Mellen) 
PCISrat U.C. member AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083122 
SDNY_GM_00229306 
EFTA01383414

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383415.pdf
----------------------------------------
Porto.io Ho'dings Disc osures (continued) 
Foreign Currency Transactions (continued) 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction. incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid (or in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Schecti e of Rea zed Ga.:is aid LossesCurren? Period 
Date 
Date 
Realized 
Demfgbn 
DNposed 
Acquired 
Desi Woe 
oeition
a
mdiTratradlon 
Dunikp 
Proceeds 
Coil Basis 
Gin/ Lose 
Long Term 
BOCNEYEPARTNERSLP 
02111119 
01/25/18 
Covered 
First In First Out! SELL 
1,000,000.000 
857,494,00 
1,018,724.36 
481.230.36 
FUG RATE NT 6.375% 0172178 
Original Cost Basis: 10t75600 
MOTO 0922/SC16 
Security Identdier:11230AN 
Total Long Term 
Total Short and Long Term 
857,494.00 
1,018,724.36 
-161,230.36 
857,494.00 
1,018,724.38 
-161,230.38 
Generally, securities acquired before 2011, in retirement accounts or held by Non-U.S. entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 186, as 
amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, and are marked as "noncovered". Securities marked as "covered", were identified as securities potentially subject to the cost 
basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRS on form 1099-Bfor the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 10998, the cost basis 
will not be reported to the IRS. 
This Schedule may not reflect all cost basis adjustments necessary for tax reporting purposes, especially for noncovered securities. Adjustments to cost basis may have been made for prior 
income received and subsequently reclassified by the issuer as a return of capital. In addition, corporate action events may require adjustments to your original cost basis. Return of capital 
information and cost basis information, as it relates to corporate actions, has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable. 
Adjustments to cost basis can be made after year-end, in particular, for return of capital adjustments, but may also include adjustments for corporate action events. Therefore there may be 
differences in cost basis reflected on your monthly client brokerage statement at year end versus any subsequent reports, including your 1099-8 or online displays you may have available to 
you. 
W hen you report your cost basis on your tax return, it should be verified using all of your own records. In particular, there may be other adjustments which you need to make, but are not 
required to be made by Pershing as it relates to H.R. 1424. You should consult with your tax advisor in order to properly report your gain or loss for tax purposes Pershing shall not be 
responsible for and makes no representations or warranties with respect to the accuracy of any information that you report to the IRS or other taxing authorities. and, accordingly, disclaims 
any and all liabilitythat may arise with respect to your use and reliance on the information provided herein for such reporting. 
Page 4 of 8 
Account Number: NIG-023612 
a: ontroro os 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go pwr1ess 
smont4IllNOW 
Rated Ewell ere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDKE 
MI SR Meech Penabos UM. • wholly need 
subsidurey of The ease al Ni. Yort Maker 
ComeratIon (BNY Mellen) 
Posing LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083123 
SDNY GM_00229307 
EFTA01383415

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383416.pdf
----------------------------------------
151 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Seeder e 
Rea zed Gains and Losses Curren€ Period (continued) 
February 1, 2019 - February 28,2019 
SOUTHERN TRUST COM PA NY INC 
Cost Basis on fixed income securities may be adjusted for amortization, accretion, original issue discount adjustments, or principal paydowns. The calculation is based upon the taxpayer 
election, type of fixed income security, and certain attributes, obtained from sources believed to be reliable. In the event, one or more of these attributes is changed. there may be a temporary 
incorrect adjusted cost basis reflected until the cost basis system is amended to reflect this change. These calculations will not be performed under certain circumstances, including those 
involving foreign bonds, bonds sold short or bonds issued with less than one year to maturity. This information is meant as a general guide and you should consult your tax advisor in the 
preparation of your tax returns. 
Please refer to the Your Account Information Section in your brokerage account statement for your account's existing tax-lot disposition method. The disposition method is the method which 
you have selected to use in the disposal of each tax lot of the securities held in your account. If you do not select a method, your account will be defaulted to First In, First Out (FIFO). Your 
account's selected tax lot method will be used to determine the cost basis for calculating gain and! or loss, unless another method was selected at the time of the security disposal, and this may 
be reported on the IRS Form 1099-B. 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10 b-10( b)(1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Ca IMMITAI=0211111-
Securities 
CreditsNs Period 
Debits ThisPeriod 
Net ThisPetiod 
QedksYerto•DMe 
Detielfear4o-Dole 
Net Yea-to•DMe 
Securities Sold 
861 212 75 
0.00 
881,212.75 
881,212.75 
0.90 
881,212 75 
Total Securities 
8861.212.75 
$0.00 
$861,212.75 
8861.212.75 
$0.00 
5861.212.75 
Dividends and Interest 
$405.16 
$0.00 
8405.18 
$35,366.39 
$0.00 
535366.39 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.90 
-1,289,497.81 
-1,289,407.81 
0.00 
-5289,407.81 
-5,289,497.81 
Total Cash 
$0.00 
41,289,407.81 
41,289,407.81 
$0.00 
45,289,407.81 
45,289,407.81 
Totals 
5861.617.91 
41,289,407.81 
4427,789.90 
8898,579.14 
45,289,407.81 
44,392,828.87 
Account Number 
13:W.SADI 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page5ofS 
AIX Atari t.tetivter 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. a wholly awed 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Ye'S Make 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083124 
SDNY_GM_00229308 
EFTA01383416

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383417.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transactions by Type of Activity 
Process 
Trade,
Settlement 
Transaction 
Dale 
Date 
Activity Type 
Desolation 
Securities Bought and Sold 
02113719 
02711/19 SOLD 
BUCKEYE PARTNERSL P FIXED TO FLTGFtATENT 6.375% 
4,000,000.000 
65.7500 
3,718.75 
861.21275 
USD 
6P1458815 
0122/78 MOTO  0122/1CLBVARIABLERATE 
Total Securities Bought and Sold - U.S. DOLLARS 
3,718.75 
861,212.75 
Dividends and Interest 
02114/19 
MONEY MARKETFUND 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT & ADDICT INSTL INCOME REDEEMED 
405.16 
USD 
INCOME RECBVED 
PER232045 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
Quantity 
Price 
Ataued Interest 
Amount Currency 
0.00 
405.16 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
02114119 
REDERALRJNDSSENT 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
-1,28940781 USD 
USD999997 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits -U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
289 407 81 
fetal Value of Transactions 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded.
Client Service Information 
3,718.75 
-427,789.90 
USD 
Your Investment Spedaltal:ZEM 
Contact Information 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 13 154 
Telephone Number 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BONO AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount in  income annually:  
No 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 6 of 8 
Account Number:
 - 
G,2Ic papedess 
$32V 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly owed 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yore Mao 
Comer/ on (BNY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083125 
SDNY GM_00229309 
EFTA01383417

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383418.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
February 1,2019 - February 28,2019 
SOUTHERN TRUST COM PA NY INC 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
• 
Statements and Reports 
• 
Trade Confirmations 
• 
Tax Documents 
• 
Notifications 
CO 
Prospectus 
CO 
Proxy/Sbarebolder Communications 
You have not enrolled any of the above documents for electronic delivery. Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences. 
Important If nr i ati n aid 7) sclos,res 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413.3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCS). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.com/ about/ strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows Pershing LLC. Legal Department, 
Account Nurrd
aM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MX MOUE l.DitlivlitY 4 
Rated Eitellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71O76 
EXCELLENCE 
Page 7 of 
Clearly Meech Pen•bet ICC. • whelly awed 
subiefurey of The BIS al Mn. Yort Make 
Comoration (BNY Melon) 
Perserw U.C. mutter AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083126 
SDNY_GM_00229310 
EFTA01383418

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383419.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important Info, nation and Disclosures (continued) 
The Role of Pershing (continued) 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; 
. Errors and Omissions excepted.
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding:a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified: or 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; a 
Page° of S 
Account Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly awed 
subsidiary of The Bakal Ni. Yert Macs 
ComeratIon (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083127 
SDNY GM_00229311 
EFTA01383419

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383420.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
led who li nk Food FYNI Maexiondd 
mold% terohot Cache 
DevIdto ChM Sohadox hC. 
Nee dd.Office 
HS Peel Annus. 14.0. hoot 
New Yctt. NY 10114 
loll frn /666111501 
Citttl 310 $45 5541 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
Account Number: N4G-023812 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
Pry: to 
Glance 
oat a 
This Period
Year-to-Dale 
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$5,205 298 67 
$5 205 298 67 
Mit 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
4,000,600 00 
4,000 000.00 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
1,205,298 67 
1,205,298.67 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
34.961 23 
34.961 23 
Ne:  Change in Portfolio' 
530 00 
530 00 
IBSIDINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$1,297,789.90 
297,789A 
Acaued Interest 
S1 593 75 
Estimated Annual Income 
S66,836 23 
'Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value alter activity. 
Percent 
Asset Type 
Prior Year-End 
Lard Period 
This Period 
El 33% 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
4,392,828.67 
4,392,828.67 
427289.90 
Ej 67% 
Fixed Income 
812.470.00 
812.470.00 
 870.000.00 
100% 
Account Total (Pie Chart) 
$5,205,298.67 
$5,205.298.67 
$1.297.789.90 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
Go paperless 
AIX 04.0R 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 1 of 
Raid Extolled 
(my Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCEUDK( 
awes through Penabet (LC. • whelly *ad 
subsiiwy of The BIS al Ni. Wet Mellow 
Comer/Mon OINY MAW 
hided 
U.C. member AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083128 
SDNY_GM_00229312 
EFTA01383420

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383421.pdf
----------------------------------------
Summary of Gains and Losses 
Realized 
This Period 
Year4o.Date
Unrealized
Long-Term Gain/  Loss 
0.00 
0.00 
  -48,72,5.42
Net Gain/ Loss 
0.00 
0.00 
-148.725.42 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis information is not available. 
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced • negative interest rates' . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 10 99 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
Money Market Fund Detail 
Doe 
Activity Type 
Sweep Money Market Fund 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT 8 AG INSTL 
Current Yield: 2.30% Activity Ending: 01 311 19 
01/01/19 
Opening Balance 
4,392,828.67 
1.392.828 67 
01110/19 
Withdrawal 
M ONEY FUND REDEM PTION 
-4,000,000.00 
392.828 67 
01/13/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
31,875.00 
424.703.67 
01/31/19 
Deposit 
INCOM EREINVEST  
086 23 
427 789 90 
01/31119 
Closing Balance 
$427,789.90 
Total All Money Market Funds 
$427,789.90 
Description 
Amount 
Balance
Income and Expense Summary 
Dividend Income 
Current Period 
Tenable 
Non Taxable  
Yeanto.Date 
Taxable 
IC Taxable 
Money Market 
3.086 23 
0.00 
3,086 23 
0.00 
Interest Income 
Bond Interest 
875 00 
  0.00  
875 00 
0.00 
Total Dividends, Interest, Income and Expenses 
$34 961 23 
$0.00 
$34161.23 
$0.00 
Account limber 
r:ctsr:s 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Page 2 of 8 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDKE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly owed 
sbtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Maw 
ComeratIon (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083129 
SDNY GM_00229313 
EFTA01383421

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383422.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383422.pdf
----------------------------------------
151 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings 
Opening Dale 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 33.00% of Portfolio 
Money Market 
CASH AC TR DWSG0VT 8 AG INSTL 
01101119 
427,789 900 
N/A 
01131119 
4,392,828.67  
427 789.90 
0.00 
3086.23 
— 2.30% 
1.30% 
Total Money Market 
$4,392,828.67 
$427,789.90 
$0.00 
$3,086.23 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
$4,392,828.67 
$427,789.90 
$0.00 
$3,086.23 
Adjusted 
Unedited 
Accrued 
Estimated Estimated 
Dale 'equine 
Quantity 
Unit Cost 
Cost Bass 
MOM Pike 
Market Value 
Dahlias 
Interest 
Annual Income 
Yield 
FIXED INCOM E 6 7 0 0% of Portfolio (In Maturity Date Sequence) 
Corporate Bonds 
BUCKEYE PARTNERS L P AXED TO FLTG RATE 
Sway Identifier 113230ASO 
NT 6.375% 0122/78 BIE 
OTD 012211 CALUGLE0/22123kloody Rating Ba1S8 P Rating 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN TRUST COM PA NY INC 
Account 
*realty 
Opening 
Closing 
Accrued 
Income 
30-Day 
Curient 
Quantity 
Number 
Ending 
Selma 
Balance 
Income 
IbleYear 
Yield 
Yield 
8/3 
01/25/18 
1,000,000.000 
101.8730 
1,019725.42 
87.0000 
870.000 00 
-148,725.42 
1,593.75 
63,750.00 
7.32% 
0itrial Cost Basis: MS 756.00
Total Corporate Bonds 
$1,018,725.42 
5870.000.00 
4148,725.42 
$1,593.75 
$63,750.00 
1,000,000.000 
TOTAL AXED INCOME 
$1,018,725.42 
$870,000.00 
4148,725.42 
$1,593.75 
$63,750.00 
1,000,000.000 
Unrealized 
Accrued 
&Melded 
Cod Bets 
Markel Value 
Gein/Loss 
Intend 
Annual Income 
Total Portfolio Holdings 
$1,446,515.32 
$1,297,789.90 
4148,725.42 
$1.593.75 
$66.836.23 
Generally, securities acquired before 2011, in retirement accounts or held by Non-U.S. entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, and are marked as " noncoverer. Securities marked as 'covered', were identified as securities potentially 
subject to the cost basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRS on form 1099-8 for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 10998, the cost 
basis will not be reported to the IRS. 
Cost Basis on (bred income securities may be adjusted for amortization, accretion, original issue discount adjustments, or principal paydowns. The calculation is based upon the 
taxpayer election, type of fixed income security, and certain attributes, obtained from sources believed to be reliable. In the event, one or more of these attributes is changed, there may 
Page 3 of 6 
Account Number: N• 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
AIX AtOul t.00ivtilm 4 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELIDKE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly road 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mellon 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
Past„ t LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083130 
SDNY_GM_00229314 
EFTA01383422

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383423.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383423.pdf
----------------------------------------
Port i.oi.k; ,,:dings (continued) 
be a temporary incorrect adjusted cost basis reflected until the cost basis system is amended to reflect this change. These calculations will not be performed under certain 
circumstances, including those involving foreign bonds, bonds sold short or bonds issued with less than one year to maturity. This information is meant as a general guide and you 
should consult your tax advisor in the preparation of your tax returns. 
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices. unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services. which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for w hich a price is not available are marked "Ni A' and are omitted from the Total. 
THEASOF PRICE DATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THEPRICEDATEDOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are corn puted using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Option Disclosure 
Information with respect to commissions and other charges incurred in connection with the execution of option transactions has been included in confirmations previously furnished 
to you. A summary of this information is available to you promptly upon your written request directed to your introducing firm. In order to assist your introducing firm in maintaining 
current background and financial information concerning your option accounts, please promptly advise them in writing of any material change in your investment objectives or 
financial situation. Expiring options which are valuable are exercised automatically pursuant to the exercise by exception procedure of the Options Clearing Corporation. Additional 
information regarding this procedure is available upon written request to your introducing firm. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 1%, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Page 4 of 8 
Account Number: N• 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
SNOUT 401INNY 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Meech Pin abos UM. • wholly need 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mellow 
ComeratIon (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083131 
SDNY GM_00229315 
EFTA01383423

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383424.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383424.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures (continued) 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN TRUST COM PA NY INC 
Ratings 
This statement may contain credit rating information obtained from Standard & Poor's. Reproducing and distributing any information received from Standard & Poor's is not permitted 
without prior written authorization from Standard & Poor's. Standard & Poor's does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information. Standard & 
Poor's is not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause, or for the results of using such content. Standard & Poor's makes no express or implied warranties 
including warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Standard & Poor's shall not be legally responsible for any fees, costs, expenses or losses in connection with 
the use of their content. Credit ratings are opinions and not statements of facts; are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities; and do not address suitability for 
investment purpose. Credit ratings should not be relied upon as investment advice. 
essages 
Important Reminder for Pershing's 2018 IRSForm 1099 (8, DIV, INT, M ISC and 0lD): As a reminder, by February 15, 2019, you will be mailed either your Form 1099 or a special 
Pending 1099 Notice. The Pending 1099 Notice will be sent if we have not received and processed final information from issuers and trustees of securities you hold by the as of date of 
the February 15 1099 mailing. You will also be sent the notice if your information is still being reviewed and finalized. The notice will inform you of the securities that are pending final 
reporting and provides the anticipated mail date of your 1099. Your 1099 will be mailed no later than M arch 15, 2019. 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at S1 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10b-10(b)(1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Acti‘ ity Summary ,A;ta...uu•., 
2. are '•1 
crams This Period 
DeblteThIsPetiod 
Net IblePetio0  
atitileYeet4o-Date  
Debitsast4e-Dele 
Net Yes-to-Dile
Dividends and Interest 
$34,961.23 
$0.00 
$34,961.23 
934,961.23 
10.00 
$34,961.23 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
4,000,000.00 
4,000,000.00 
0.00 
4,000,000.00 
-4,009,000.00 
Total Cash 
90.00 
44.000.000.00 
44,000,000.00 
$0.00 
44.000.000.00 
44.000.000.00 
Totals 
S34.961 23 
000 000 00 
43,965,038.77 
934,961.23 
000 000 00 
965 038.77 
Account Number: N• 
nt.cosic3tst::: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
AIX MOW l.00ivter 
Page5ofS 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDKE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly awed 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Make 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083132 
SDNY_GM_00229316 
EFTA01383424

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383425.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383425.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transactions by Type of Activity 
Process 
Settlement 
Dale 
Adivily Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Rice 
Accrued Interest 
Amount Currency 
Dividends and Interest 
01122/19 
BOND INTEREST RECEIVED 
1000000 BUCKEYE PARTNERS L P RXED TO /LTG RATE NT 
875 00 
USD 
6375%0/22/78 WED/DO/22/1 CLB RD Oil FD 0122/1 
01131/19 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
CASH AC TR OWSGOVT 
3,08613 
USO 
INCOM E RECEIVED 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
34,961.23 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
01/10/19 
FEDERALFUNDSSEIdT 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
4,000,000.00 
USO 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits - U S DOLLARS 
0.00 
-4,000,000.00 
Total Value of Transact ions 
0.00 
-3,965,038.77 USD 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded. 
°tent Service Information 
Your Investment Spedahl ZEN 
CoNed Information 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 13154 
VDLI Account nformat on 
Telephone Number: 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount  in income annually:  
No 
Account Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Page 6 of 8 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly owed 
subsidurey of The BIS al Ni. Yore Maw 
Comeration (BNY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083133 
SDNY GM_00229317 
EFTA01383425

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383426.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383426.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN TRUST COM PA NY INC 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
• 
Statements and Reports 
• 
Trade Confirmations 
CO 
Tax Documents 
• 
Notifications 
CO 
Prospectus 
CO 
ProxyfSbarebolder Communications 
You have not enrolled any of the above documents for electronic delivery. Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences. 
Important If nr i ati n aid 7) sclos,res 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department 
All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be foun on efirst page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCS). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.com/ about/ strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows Pershing LW. Legal Department. 
Account Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MX AtOUT t.C4IIVIttf 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
O4BAR MITOCOMPAVNICAllORS 
EXCELIDKE 
Page 7 of 
Clearly Meech Peohbos UM. • wholly *ad 
saraturey of The BIS °Mew Yort Mellon 
Corporation (B NY MAW 
PersPrw LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083134 
SDNY_GM_00229318 
EFTA01383426

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383427.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important Info, nation and Disclosures (continued) 
The Role of Pershing (continued) 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; 
. Errors and Omissions excepted.
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding:a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified: or 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; 
Page° of S 
Aoxt r Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly awed 
sbtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yet Macs 
Comeration (E 1Y Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083135 
SDNY GM_00229319 
EFTA01383427

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383428.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383428.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
D3013:03 tank Immo VeNOIN Maanernt31 
uNt1.1% (woN 
(mown 
Dewlicte Rank 13-3epee$11(.. 
New Ycel. Office 
HS Peel Annum. 1131. Hoot 
New Yctt. NY 10114 
loll free /666111503 
(irnc 310 I145 51131 
Decem ber 1, 2018 - Decem ber 31, 2018 
Account Number: N4G-023812 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
Porto 
Glance 
oat a 
ThisPeslod 
Yea4o-Date 
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$5,249,643.50 
$8,644.300.80 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
0.00 
-6,000,000.00 
Net Securities In/Out of Account 
 0.00  
2,775,815.00 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
5,249,643.50 
5,420,175.80 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
8,205.17 
186,327.91 
Net Change in Portfolio' 
•52,550.00  
401,205 04 
B0D1NGACCOUNT VALUE 
$5,205 298.67  
95.205.29847 
Accrued Interest 
528,156 25 
Estimated Annual Interne 
8109 618 41 
Asset Summary • 
'Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
IN 
Percent 
Asset Type 
Riot Year-End 
last Petted 
ThIsPeriod 
84% 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
3,681,800.80 
4,384,623.50 
4,392,828.67 
16% 
Fixed Income  
4,962,500.00 
  865.020.00 
812,470.00 
100% 
Account Total (Pie Chart) 
$8,644,300.80 
$5,249,643.50 
95,205,298.67 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
Go paperless 
mx mein t.ixtivrn 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page ". of o. 
Rated Utellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELIDKE 
Clucks through Penhabos UC. owlish owed 
subsifun of The BIS at Ni. York Man 
Comoration (BNY Melba) 
Perifirta LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE S0, C 
DB-SDNY-0083136 
SDNY_GM_00229320 
EFTA01383428

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383429.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383429.pdf
----------------------------------------
Summary of Gains and Losses 
Short-Term Gain! Loss 
ThisReriod 
00 
Realized 
Yeai4o•Rale
4.068.53 
Unrealized
-206,258.01 
Long-Term Gain/ Loss 
0.00 
.569.517.99 
0.00
Net Gain/ Loss 
0.00 
-573,586.52 
-206,258.01 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis information is not available. 
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced • negative interest rates' . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 13 99 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
M oney Mark et Fund beta, 
Dale 
Sweep Money M arket Fund 
CASH AC TR DWS GOVT It AG INSTL 
Current Yield: 2.26% Activity Ending. 12/ 3V 'LS 
12101/18 
Opening Balance 
4,384,623.50 
4,384,623.50 
12/31/18 
Deposit 
INCOM EREINVEST 
6,205.17 
392 828.67 
$4,392,828.67
$4,392,828.67 
Activity Type 
Description 
Amount 
Balance 
12/31/18 
Closing Balance 
Total All Money Market Funds 
Income and Expense Summary 
Dividend Income 
Otrient Period 
Taxable 
Non Taxable  
YeLtchelate 
Taxable  
Non Tinkle 
oney Market 
8,205.17 
0.00 
45,868.41 
0.00 
Interest Income 
Bond Interest 
0.00 
  0.00  
140A59.50  
0.00 
Total Dividends. Interest, Income and Expenses 
58,205.17 
$0.00 
$186,327.91 
$0.00 
Accitt r t iNumber.
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Page 2 of 9 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDKE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly road 
sbtle:run of The as
 Ni. Yore Macs 
Comeration (WY Melon) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083137 
SDNY GM_00229321 
EFTA01383429

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383430.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383430.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings 
Cawing Date 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 84.00% of Portfolio 
Money Market 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT 8 AG114611 
12101/18 
4,392,828.670 
NIA 
12131118 
4,384,623.50   
4,392;828.67 
0.00 
45,868.41 
— 2.19% 
2.26% 
Total Money Market 
$4,384,623.50 
$4,392,828.67 
$0.00 
$45,868.41 
TOTAL CASH. MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
$4,384,623.50 
$4,392,828.67 
$0.00 
$45,868.41 
Adjusted 
Unrealized 
Acaued 
Estimated Estimated 
Dale Acquired 
Quantity 
  Und Cost 
Cost Bass  
Market  Price 
Market Value 
Wilco 
 Interest 
Annual Income 
Yield 
...... 
FIXED INCOME 16.0 0% of Portfolio (In Maturity Date Sequence) 
Corporate Bonds 
BUCKEYE PARTNERS L P FIXED TO RIG RATE 
Security Identifier:13230AM 
NT 6.375% 0122178 WE 
OTC 0/22J13CALLABLE0/22123Noody Rating BM 68 P Rating 
8B 
01/25/18 
1,000,000.000 
101.8730 
1,018,728.01 
81.2470 
812.47000 
206.258.01 
28.156.25 
63,750.00 
7.84% 
Original Cost Basis 81,015,756.00 
Total Corporate Bonds 
$1,018,728.01 
3812,470.00 
4206.258 01 
328.156.25 
$63,750.00 
1,000,000.000 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
$1,018,728.01 
$812,470.00 
4206 258 01 
$28,156.25 
$63,750.00 
1,000,000.000 
December 1, 2018 - December 31,2018 
SOUTHERN TRUST COM PA NY INC 
Account 
Activity 
Opening 
Clomp 
Acaued 
Income 
30-Day 
Curtent 
Quantity 
Number 
Biding 
Ban 
Bain 
Income 
IbisYear 
Yield 
Yield 
TOTAL PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS 
Unrealized 
Acaued 
&limited 
 Cod Basis  
Markel Value 
Gain toss 
Intend  
Annual Income 
65,411,556.68 
$5,205.298 67 
4206.258 01 
528,156.25 
$109,618.41 
Generally, securities acquired before 2011, in retirement accounts or held by Non-U.S. entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, and are marked as " noncovered". Securities marked as "covered', were identified as securities potentially 
subject to the cost basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRS on form '099-B for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 1099B, the cost 
basis will not be reported to the IRS. 
Cost Basis on fixed income securities may be adjusted for amortization, accretion, original issue discount adjustments, or principal payd owns. The calculation is based upon the 
taxpayer election, type of fixed income security, and certain attributes, obtained from sources believed to be reliable. In the event. one or more of these attributes is changed, there may 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 3 of 9 
Account Number 
4:C C,':3!2226 
Go paperless 
ALf AtOUT 
Rated Excellent 
Emy Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELIDK( 
awes through Penabet (LC. • wholly *ad 
subsiiwy of The east al Ni. YM Make 
Comer/Mon (WY Melon) 
PCISrat U.C. mutter AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083138 
SDNY_GM_00229322 
EFTA01383430

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383431.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383431.pdf
----------------------------------------
Port:ot.u! ,,:dings (continued) 
be a temporary incorrect adjusted cost basis reflected until the cost basis system is amended to reflect this change. These calculations will not be performed under certain 
circumstances, including those involving foreign bonds, bonds sold short or bonds issued with less than one year to maturity. This information is meant as a general guide and you 
should consult your tax advisor in the preparation of your tax returns. 
Port`oi c —3 dings Disclosures 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for which a price is not available are marked "N A" and are omitted from the Total. 
THEASOF PMCEDATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THEPRICEDATEDOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Fgures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time. and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Option Disclosure 
Information with respect to commissions and other charges incurred in connection with the execution of option transactions has been included in confirmations previously furnished 
to you. A summary of this information is available to you promptly upon your written request directed to your introducing firm. In order to assist your introducing firm in maintaining 
current background and financial information concerning your option accounts, please promptly advise them in writing of any material change in your investment objectives or 
financial situation. Expiring options which are valuable are exercised automatically pursuant to the exercise by exception procedure of the Options Clearing Corporation. Additional 
information regarding this procedure is available upon written request to your introducing firm. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to t38, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Page 4 of 9 
Account Number:NIG-013812 
A:cons-n:2e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperiess 
way, MINIM' 4 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly road 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Macs 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083139 
SDNY GM_00229323 
EFTA01383431

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383432.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383432.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures (continued) 
December 1, 2018 - December 31,2018 
SOUTHERN TRUST COM PA NY INC 
Ratings 
This statement may contain credit rating information obtained from Standard & Poor's. Reproducing and distributing any information received from Standard & Poor's is not permitted 
without prior written authorization from Standard & Poor's. Standard & Poor's does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information. Standard & 
Poor's is not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause, or for the results of using such content. Standard & Poor's makes no express or implied warranties 
including warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Standard & Poor's shall not be legally responsible for any fees, costs, expenses or losses in connection with 
the use of their content. Credit ratings are opinions and not statements of facts; are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities; and do not address suitability for 
investment purpose. Credit ratings should not be relied upon as investment advice. 
M essages 
Please note the following information for Pershing's 2018 IRS Form 1099 (B, DIV, INT, M 'SC and 0ID): Your Form 1099 will be delivered as early as possible, beginning January 31, 
2019. By February 15, you will be mailed either your Form 1099 or a special Pending 1099 Notice. The Pending 1099 Notice will be sent if we have not received and processed final 
information from issuers and trustees of securities that you hold by the as of date of the February 15 10 99 mailing. You will also be sent the notice if your information is still being 
reviewed and finalized. The notice will inform you of the securities that are pending final reporting and provides the anticipated mail date of your 1099. Your 1099 will be mailed no 
later than M arch 15, 2019. 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at 51 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10 b-10(b)( 1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Activity SJ.rimary 
— Arent..,) 
Credits This Period 
Debits This Petied 
Net This Period  
Creeds Year-to-Date  
Debris Year-to-Date 
Net Yea-to-Dale 
Securities 
Securities Bought 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
.1 019 995 58 
1,019,995.58 
Securities Sold 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
7,637,693.44 
0.00 
7,837,893.44 
Securities Deposited 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
2,775,875.00 
0.00 
2,775,875.00 
Total Securities 
SO 00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$10,413,588.44 
41,019,995.58 
59,393,572.88 
Dividends and Interest 
S8 205 17 
$0.00 
$8.205.17 
$186,327.91 
$0.00 
$188,327.91 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
4,000,000.00 
4,000,000.00 
Total Cash 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0 .00 
$0.00 
48,000,000.00 
48,000,000.00 
Totals 
$8 205 17 
$0.00 
$8.205.17 
$10,599,896.35 
47,019,995.58 
579,900.77 
Amount tivriber 
1: C C,:g!t:26 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 5 of 9 
Go paperless 
MX Atari t.Ptivter 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
Clucks through Penabos UM. a wholly road 
subtle:run of The Bakal New Yore Make 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083140 
SDNY_GM_00229324 
EFTA01383432

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383433.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383433.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transactions by Type of Activity 
Peon 
Settlement 
Dale 
Activity Type 
Dividends and Interest 
12/31118 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVi 
205 17 
USD 
INCOME RECEIVED 
PER232045 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
8.20517 
Description 
Quality 
Rice 
Accrued Interest 
Amount Currency 
Total Value of Transactions 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded 
0.00 
205 17 
USD 
Your Investment Specialist ZEM 
Conrad Information 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARKAVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 10'64 
Your Account Information 
Telephone Number: 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount in income annually: 
No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
You have not selected any account communications for electronic delivery To register and turn off paper communications. log in to your account or contact your Investment 
Specialist for more information. 
Account Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 6 of 9 
Go paperless 
snow MINOT! 
Rated ewellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
CakteAR MITOCOMPAVNICAllONS 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Reach Penabos UM. • wholly road 
slmi:run of The Baal Ni. Yore Macs 
Corporation OM Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083141 
SDNY GM_00229325 
EFTA01383433

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383434.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383434.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
PO Bex 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
December 1.2018 • December 31,2018 
SOUTHERN TRUST COM PA NY INC 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.coml about! strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, Including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time lim its for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
Page 7 of 9 
Account Number NIG-023812 
141)121.,CSX.D2e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go pwr1ess 
way, MINIM' 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Reach Penabos UM. • wholly road 
subtle:run of The east al New Yort Macs 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083142 
SDNY GM_00229328 
EFTA01383434

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383435.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important Information and Disclosures (continued) 
Important Arbitration Agreement (continued) 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department. One Pershing Raze Jersey City. New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. 
Page °. of 9 
Account Number N4G-023812 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
Aix MOUE t.enivter 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDKE 
Cleats through Penabos UM. R wholly *ad 
subtle:run of The Bakal New Yort Make 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083143 
SDNY_GM_00229327 
EFTA01383435

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383436.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383436.pdf
----------------------------------------
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
TRANSACTIONS 
• ALL ORDERS AND TRANSACTIONS SHALL SE SOLELY FOR YOUR ACCOUNT AND RISK SHALL BE 
SUBJECT TO THE CONSTITUTION, RULES, REGULATIONS. CUSTOMS. USAGES. RULINGS AND 
INTERPRETATIONS OF THE EXCHANGE OR MARKET AND THE CLEARING FACILITY. IF ANY. WHERE 
THE TRANSACTIONS ARE EXECUTED ANDIOR SETTLED. OR IF APPLICABLE, OF THE FINANCIAL 
INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY AND TO ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. 
• TITLE TO SECURITIES SOLD TO YOU. WHERE PERSHING HAS ACTED AS PRINCIPAL, SHALL REMAIN 
WITH PERSHING UNTIL THE ENTIRE PURCHASE PRICE IS RECEIVED OR UNTIL THE SETTLEMENT 
DATE. WHICHEVER IS LATER. 
• YOU MAY HAVE RECEIVED CONFIRMATIONS FOR TRANSACTIONS WHICH DO NOT APPEAR ON YOUR 
STATEMENT. IF SO. THE TRANSACTIONS WILL APPEAR ON YOUR NEXT PERIODIC STATEMENT. SUCH 
TRANSACTIONS MUST BE CONSIDERED BY YOU WHEN COMPUTING THE VALUE OF YOUR ACCOUNT. 
THIS IS ESPECIALLY TRUE F YOU HAVE WRITTEN OPTIONS WHICH HAVE BEEN EXERCISED. 
FREE CREDIT BALANCES: ANY FREE CREDIT BALANCE CARRIED FOR YOUR ACCOUNT REPRESENTS 
FUNDS PAYABLE UPON DEMAND WHICH. ALTHOUGH PROPERLY ACCOUNTED FOR ON PERSHING'S 
BOOKS OF RECORD. ARE NOT SEGREGATED AND MAY BE USED IN THE CONDUCT OF ITS BUSINESS. 
DEBIT BALANCES: INTEREST CHARGED ON DEBIT BALANCES IN YOUR ACCOUNT APPEARS ON THE 
STATEMENT. THE RATE OF INTEREST AND PERIOD COVERED ARE INDICATED. THE RATE MAY CHANGE 
FROM TIME TO T:ME DUE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN MONEY RATES OR OTHER REASONS. INTEREST IS 
COMPUTED AS DESCRIBED IN MATERIAL PREVIOUSLY FURNISHED TO YOU. PLEASE CONTACT YOUR 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION IF YOU DESIRE ADDITIONAL COPIES. 
MARGIN INFORMATION: F YOU MAINTAIN A MARGIN ACCOUNT. THIS IS A COMBINED STATEMENT OF 
YOUR GENERAL ACCOUNT AND A SPECIAL MEMORANDUM ACCOUNT MAINTAINED FOR YOU UNDER 
REGULATION T OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. THE PERMANENT 
RECORD OF THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT AS REQUIRED BY REGULATION T IS AVALABLE FOR YOUR 
NSPECTION UPON REQUEST. 
TAX INFORMATION 
• AFTER YEAR END. PERSHING IS REQUIRED TO PROVIDE TAX INFORMATION TO THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE SERVICE AND OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. AT THAT TIME PERSHING WILL 
PROVIDE THAT INFORMATION ON THE ANNUAL TAX INFORMATION STATEMENT TO YOU: USE THAT 
STATEMENT TO PREPARE YOUR TAX FLINGS. THE TAX STATEMENT ALSO INCLUDES OTHER USEFUL 
V./FORMATION TO ASSIST IN ACCUMULATING THE DATA TO PREPARE YOUR TAX RETURNS. 
• DIVIDENDS. INTEREST AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS SHOWN ON THIS STATEMENT WERE CLASSFIED 
AS TAXABLE OR NONTAXABLE BASED ON CERTAIN INFORMATION KNOWN AS OF THE DISTRIBUTION 
DATE. THIS CLASSFICATION IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND IS SOLELY INTENDED FOR USE AS 
GENERAL INFORMATION. 
• PERSHING DOES NOT PROVIDE TAX. INVESTMENT OR LEGAL ADVISORY SERVICES AND NO ONE 
ASSOCIATED WITH PERSHING IS AUTHORIZED TO RENDER SUCH ADVICE. DO NOT RELY UPON ANY 
SUCH ADVICE. IF GIVEN. INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS TO 
DETERMiNE THE APPROPRIATE TAX TREATMENT OF THEIR BUSINESS. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
• WHENEVER YOU ARE INDEBTED TO PERSHING LLC ("PERSHING') FOR ANY AMOUNT, ALL SECURITIES 
HELD BY IT FOR YOU IN ANY ACCOUNT IN WHICH YOU HAVE ANY INTEREST SHALL SECURE ALL YOUR 
LIABILITIES TO PERSHING. AND PERSHING MAY IN ITS DISCRETION AT ANY TIME. WITHOUT TENDER. 
DEMAND OR NOTICE TO YOU, CLOSE OR REDUCE ANY OR ALL OF YOUR ACCOUNTS BY PUBLIC OR 
PRIVATE SALE OR PURCHASE OR BOTH OF ALL OR ANY SECURITIES CARRIED IN SUCH ACCOUNTS: 
ANY BALANCE REMAINING DUE PERSHING TO BE PROMPTLY PAID BY YOU. 
• WHENEVER YOU ARE INDEBTED TO PERSHING FOR ANY AMOUNT, ALL SECURITIES CARRIED FOR 
YOUR ACCOUNT ARE OR MAY BE, WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE TO YOU. LOANED OR PLEDGED BY 
PERSHING, EITHER SEPARATELY OR UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH WILL PERMIT THE 
COMMINGLING THEREOF, WITH OTHER SECURITIES FOR ANY AMOUNT LESS THAN. EQUAL TO OR 
GREATER THAN YOUR UABILMES TO PERSHING. BUT NOT UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES FOR AN AMOUNT 
PROHIBITED BY LAW. 
• PERSHING MAY TRADE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AS A MARKET MAKER. SPECIALIST. ODD LOT DEALER. 
BLOCK POSITIONER. ARBITRAGEUR OR INVESTOR. CONSEQUENTLY. AT THE TIME OF ANY 
TRANSACTION YOU MAY MAKE, PERSHNG MAY HAVE A POSITION IN SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH 
POSITION MAY BE PARTIALLY OR COMPLETELY HEDGED. 
• IF AVERAGE PRICE TRANSACTION IS INDICATED ON THE FRONT OF THIS STATEMENT YOUR 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION OR PERSHING MAY HAVE ACTED AS PRINCIPAL. AGENT OR BOTH. DETALS 
AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST. 
• A FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF PERSHING IS AVAILABLE FOR YOUR PERSONAL INSPECTION AT 
PERSHING'S OFFICES. A COPY OF IT WILL BE MAILED UPON YOUR WRITTEN REQUEST OR YOU CAN 
VIEW IT ONLINE AT WWW.PERSHING.COM. 
• FOR BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES: WWW.PERSHIOG.CONVDISCLOSURES. 
• THIS STATEMENT SHOULD BE RETAINED FOR YOUR RECORDS. 
PAYMENT FOR ORDER FLOW AND ORDER ROUTING POLICIES DISCLOSURES (REGULATION NMS-
RULE 607(A)(1)-(2)) 
PERSHING SENDS CERTAIN EQUITY ORDERS TO EXCHANGES. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION 
NETWORKS, OR BROKER-DEALERS DURING NORMAL BUSINESS HOURS AND DURING EXTENDED 
TRADING SESSIONS. CERTAIN OF THESE VENUES PROVIDE PAYMENTS TO PERSHING OR CHARGE 
ACCESS FEES TO PERSHING DEPENDING UPON THE CHARACTERISTICS OF THE ORDER AND ANY 
SUBSEQUENT EXECUTION. THE DETALS OF THESE PAYMENTS AND FEES ARE AVAILABLE UPON 
WRITTEN REQUEST. PERSHING REGENTS PAYMENTS FOR DIRECTING LISTED OPTIONS ORDER FLOW 
TO CERTAIN OPTION EXCHANGES. IN ADDITION. PERSHING ROUTES CERTAIN EQUITY AND OPTION 
ORDERS TO ITS AFFILIATE. BNY MELLON CAPITAL MARKETS. LLC. FOR EXECUTION AS PRINCIPAL. 
COMPENSATION IS GENERALLY IN THE FORM OF A PER OPTION CONTRACT CASH PAYMENT. 
BEST EXECUTION: NOTWITHSTANDING THE PREVIOUS PARAGRAPH REGARDING PAYMENT FOR ORDER 
FLOW. PERSHING SELECTS CERTAIN MARKET CENTERS TO PROVIDE EXECUTION OF OVER-THE-
COUNTER AND EXCHANGE-LISTED SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS WHICH AGREE TO ACCEPT ORDERS. 
TRANSMITTED ELECTRONICALLY UP TO A SPECIFIED SIZE. AND TO EXECUTE THEM AT OR BETTER THAN 
THE NATIONAL BEST BID OR OFFER (NBBO). ON CERTAIN LARGER ORDERS, OR F THE DESIGNATED 
MARKET CENTERS DO NOT MAKE A MARKET IN THE SUBJECT SECURITY. PERSHING DIRECTLY 
CONTACTS MARKET CENTERS TO OBTAIN AN EXECUTION. THE DESIGNATED MARKET CENTERS TO 
WHICH ORDERS ARE AUTOMATICALLY ROUTED ARE SELECTED BASED ON THE CONSISTENT HIGH 
QUALITY OF THEIR EXECUTIONS IN ONE OR MORE MARKET SEGMENTS AND THEIR ABLITY TO PROVIDE 
OPPORTUNITIES FOR EXECUTIONS AT PRICES SUPERIOR TO THE NBBO. PERSHING ALSO REGULARLY 
REVIEWS REPORTS FOR QUALITY OF EXECUTION PURPOSES. 
IF ANY OF THE MOVE TERNS MC CONCRIONS ARE UNACCEPTABLE 70 YOU. FLEASE NOTIFYPERS-NIG MLIEDLATELY IN WRITING SY CERTFIED AWL TO ONE PERSHING PLAZA. JERSEY CRY. NJ 07399. ATM LEGAL DEPT 
Account Number N4G-023812 
A:Ctrr.S"•' 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 9 o19 
Go paperless 
way, MINIM' 4 
Raid Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MTIOCOMIAVNICATIONS 
EXCE LIDICE 
Outs Swoosh Pone' LILC. • wholly sad 
st6ViSwy of The Bak °Mew Yea Meta 
Comentlan (SHY Melon) 
PersPrw LLC. motto( ANSA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083144 
SDNY GM_00229328 
EFTA01383436

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383437.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1 7 76, Baltimore, MD 21203 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
610 0 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 0 0 80 2 
Chao:he Oink Ihhow %oath Maananotol 
Walsh haasi* (sous 
Deviate Rank Sasepeu PIC 
New Yak Ms 
HS Pea Anne, nth host 
New Wtt. NY I0154 
Toll free 166$11'3503 
Wets 310 $45 Slat 
Decem ber 1, 2018 - Decem ber 31, 2018 
Account Number: N4G-O238O4 
Ponio oat a Glance 
 This Period 
Yea-to-Date
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
3102,820,779.67 
897,272,547.37 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
 0.00  
4193,223.91 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
102,820,779.67 
101,465,771.28 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
124,445.80 
3,357,540.57 
Total Taxes Withheld 
-288.03 
-1.286A0 
Other Transactions 
-228.11 
-1,48376 
Net Chan e in Portfolio' 
-8,540.158.22 
-10,409.988.56 
• - 
nninrnn
Acaued Interest 
5478.778.43 
Estimated Annual Income 
33,328,412.86 
'Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
Purist 
Asset Type 
Riot Year•End 
Lase Period 
This Period 
9% 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
823,820.96 
6,566,510.08 
8,127,337.23 
26% 
Fixed Income 
26,083,479.22 
25,363,588.19 
24,993,470.70 
65% 
Equities 
60,899,388.97 
70,890,681.40 
61,283,745.18 
0% 
M utual Funds 
3,020,938.22 
0.00 
0.00 
0%  
Exchange-Traded Products 
6,444,920.00 
0.00 
0.00
100% 
Account Total (Pie Chart) 
897,272,547.37 
$102828779.07 
394,404,553.11 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
Go paperless 
NR mein t.ixtivrn 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Pagel of 18 
Rated Utellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDKE 
Clucks through PenaboOLC. • wholly awed 
subskrun of The tae al Ni. Yost Wk. 
Comer/Mon (WY Melba) 
PtiSPWS LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083145 
SDNY_GM_00229329 
EFTA01383437

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383438.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383438.pdf
----------------------------------------
Summary of Gains and Losses 
Reeked 
ThisPeriod 
Yeat4o-Date
unrealized 
Short-Term Gain! Loss 
460,690.96 
1096.814.37 
4,404,099.37 
Long-Term Gain/ Loss 
0.00 
471 580.94 
414 069.43 
Net Gain/ Loss 
480,690.96 
3,568,395.31 
-5,218,168.80 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis information is not available. 
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced • negative interest rates' . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms% 99 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
Exchange Rate Table 
obai Casn 
°mem 
USD Equivalent 
Olirency 
per USD 
Oirrenq 
Going 
Balance 
Amount in 
 Base Caning USD 
EURO 
1430 
0.8748 
HONG KONG DOLLAR 
183,242.25 
23,405.17 
HONG KONG DOLLAR 
0.1277 
7.8291 
APANBE YEN  
-49.00 
-OAS 
31PANESEYEN 
0.0091 
109.7000 
Total Global Cash Balance 
$23,404.72 
Exchange rates are based on interbank exchange rates as of 12/ 31r 2018. &change rates 
can vary. 
M oney Market Fund Detail 
Date 
Activity Type 
Sweep M oney Market Fund 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT 8 AG 'NUL 
Current Yield: 2.28% Activity Ending: 2/ 311 18 
  Description 
  Amount 
Balarce 
12/01/18 
Opening Balance 
6,422,115.67 
6,422,115 67 
12103/18 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
121,052.22 
6,543,167.89 
12104/18 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
24,371.00 
6,567.538 89 
12/18118 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
49,380.00 
6,616,918.89 
12/19/18 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
1,357.50 
6,618,276.39 
12/21/18 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
522,885.93 
7,141,162.32 
12124/18 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
913,947.03 
8,055,109.35 
12/28/18 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
35,681.25 
8.090.790.60 
12/31/18 
Deposit 
INCOM ERBN VEST 
13,141.91 
8,103,932.51
12/31/18 
Closin9 Balarce 
$8,103,932.51
Total A 'A ()ley Market =rids 
58,103,932.51 
Page 2 of 18 
Account NumberNIG-013804 
Ecestcnorre 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MX MOUT t-0ttivtorr 4 
Rated Excellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDICE 
Marrs Meech Penabos UM. • wholly need 
subtle:run of The Bakal New Yort Make 
Comeration OM MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083146 
SDNY_GM_00229330 
EFTA01383438

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383439.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383439.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. DOLLARS 
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
ne„--ne aid Ixoeisc 
December 1, 2018 - December 31,2018 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Dividend income 
Current Period 
Taxable 
Non Taxable  
Taxable 
Year-to-Date 
Nan Taxable 
Equities 
1.867 64 
0.00 
792,654.57 
0.00 
Money Market 
13.141.91 
0.00 
72,24216 
0.00 
Other Dividends 
49.380 00 
000 
954,190.91 
0.00 
Interest Income 
Bond Interest 
60,056.25 
0.00 
873,125.66 
0.00 
Other Interest 
0.00 
0.00 
157,433.76 
0.00 
Expenses 
W ithholding Taxes 
-286.03 
0.00 
-7,286.40 
0.00 
Feel( Foreign Securities) 
-224.11 
0.00  
.1,124.11 
0.00 
Total Dividends, Interest, Income and Expenses 
6123,935.66 
60.00 
$2,841,237.05 
$0.00 
Distributions 
Alternative Investments 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
507,893.01 
Other Distributions 
0.00 
0.00  
-77.65 
095.09 
Total Distributions 
$000 
$000 
477.65 
$538,988.10 
Account 
Activity 
Opening 
Closing 
Accrued 
Income 
30-Dey 
*went 
Owing Die 
Ouentily 
Number 
Biding 
Biala 
Balance 
Income 
 This Year 
Wild 
Yield 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Margin Balance 
121.052.22 
00 
Money Market 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT & AGINSTL 
12/01/18 
8,103,932.510 
N/A 
12131118 
6,422,115.61  
8,103,932.51  
0.00_
72242.66 
2.19% 
2.26% 
Total Money  Market  
$6 422  115.67  
$8,103,932.51  
$0.00  
$72,242.66 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
$6,543,167.89 
$8,103,932.51 
$0.00 
$72,242.66 
Account Number: 
Eceitcsm.2-. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 3 of 18 
Go paperless 
ASR alOut t.tetivter 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR One* Penabos UM. • wholly sward 
sbtle:run of The BIS °Mew Yort Man 
Comer/Mon (e 1Y MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083147 
SDNY_GM_00229331 
EFTA01383439

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383440.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383440.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DOLLARS (continued) 
Date Acquired 
Quantity 
Unit Cog 
Adjusted 
Cost Batts 
Market nice 
Market Value 
Unfeeling 
Gainless 
FIXED I N COM E (In Maturity Date Sequence) 
Corporate Bonds 
CITIZENS COMMUNICATIONS CO SR 
NT FULLY EXCHANGED FROM 17453BAX9 
7.25%0305/1 B/E DID 03123/07Moody Rating CAA1S& P 
Rating CCC• 
Security Identifier 17453BAW1 
10103117 
1,000.000100 
100.0150 
1,000,154.73 
97.2500 
972 500.00 
EXELA INTER LLC t DELA FIN INC GTD 
FIRST PRIORITY SR SECD NT 114A 
A.000% 0715223 81E DTD 07/12/4 CLEM! oody Rating 83 5 & P 
Rating B 
Original Cost Basis:3100300610 
Security Identifier. 30S2RAA9 
10124/17 
2,000.000 000 
97.0250 
1,940.506 00 
95.5000 
910.000 01 
Original Cost Basis: 31940.506.00 
07109/18 
1,000,000.000 
102.6590 
1,026,591.39 
95.5000 
954.999.99 
Original Cost Basis: $1,028.756.00 
Total Covered 
3,000,000.000 
2,967:097.39 
2.865,000 00 
Total 
3,000,000.000 
$2,967,097.39 
52,865,000 00 
SS INVTSGM BH GTD SR NT 
REG S ISM* USA29866AB53 
7250%04103/24 BIE DID 04103I1458 P Rating BB-
Security Identifier A29866AB5 
10131/17 
2,000,000 000 
99.0650 
1,981,300 00 
100.8010 
016.020 00 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG NTS ISINI US25S25AM33 
4296% 05/24/28 BIE DTO 05124113 
FOREIGN SECURITY 1ST CPN DTE124I1Mcody Rating Bat S& P 
Rating BB• 
Original Cost Basis: 51,983300 00 
Security Identifier. 25625AM3 
06101118 
1,000,000.000 
91.7780 
917.776 00 
84.5800 
845.800 00 
DEUTSCHE BK AG N Y BRH VAR 
!SINS U52515266689 4 875% 2101328/E 
DTD 12/0117 CALLABLE 2/0127 
Original Cost Basis: 591.77100 
Security Identifier 255268N8 
06101/18 
1.000.000 000 
8260 
868,256 00 
77.7540 
777.540 00 
Original Cost Basis: $868255.00 
Accrued 
Estimated Eslimated 
Intend 
Annual Income 
Yield 
•27,654.73 
20.979.17 
71,250 00 
7.32% 
-30.505.99 
222.22 
200,000 00 10.47% 
•71,591.40 
46.111.11 
100,000 00 10.47% 
-102197.39 
138,333 33 
300.000 00 
-5102197.39 
$138,333.33 
3300 000 00 
34.720 00 
35.041 67 
145,000 00 
7.19% 
-71,976.00 
4,415.33 
42.960.00 
5.07% 
-90.716.00 
4,062.50 
48.75010 
6.26% 
Account Number N4G-023804 
EUCT)0:26 
Go paperless 
MY Mail l.Mtivtier 4 
Med tmellent 
Every Yes Since 2007 
040AR RAMO COMMUNICATIONS 
EXCELLENCE 
Page .t of 
Cleanot threush 
LLC, • wholly evened 
subfacksey of Tie Bank of New Yo,* Mellon 
Corporation (BNY Mellon) 
Pesstme LLC. member' MORA NY(_ y..-'
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083148 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229332 
EFTA01383440

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383441.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383441.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DOLLARS (continued) 
Date Acquired 
FIXED INCOME (continued) 
Corporate Bonds (continued) 
ASSURANT INC FXD TO F1.10 SUB NT 
7.000% 03/27148 B/E OM 03127113 
CALLABLE03/27/28 6) 110.000M oody Rating M1 
December 1,2018 - December 31,2018 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Quantity 
Unit OA 
Adjusted 
Cost Bait 
Market Price 
Security Idenither 04621(AK4 
Market Value 
Unrealized 
Gainless 
Accrued 
Estimated Estimated 
Interest 
Annual Income 
Yield 
03129118 
2,000,000.000 
101.9840 
2,039.689 71 
95.0000 
1.900 000 00 
PM ORGAN CHASE 8 CO DEP SHS REPSTG 
111TH PFD SERTFIXED TO FLTG RT BD 
5.990% 04/23158 B1EDTD04/23108Moody Rating BAA3S8 P 
Rating BBB-
Original Cost Basis: 52.040.006.00 
Security Identifier: 46625HHAT 
06115111 . .3.12 
1,100,000.000 
107.2550 
1,179,799.94 
98.6250 
084 875.02 
Original Cost Basis. 3112.500.00 
06115/11 ' '312 
2.500,000 000 
106 7730 
2.669,316 47 
98.6250 
2.465.624 98 
Original Cost Basis: 52.675.000 10 
Total Noncovered 
3,600:000.000 
3,849,116.41 
3,550,500 00 
Total 
3,600,000 000 
53,849,116.41 
53,550.500 00 
SOUTHERN CALIF EDISON CO PREF SERE 
6250% 011/162 BIE DID 011712 
CALLABLE02/0122a) 
.000M oody Rating BAA1S P Rating 
IM3B-
Security Identifier. 842400FU2 
01130/12 '
:12 
3.000.000 000 
99.9060 
2.997.192 40 
95.2500 
857 500 00 
GENERAL ELEC CO GTD FXD-TO-FLTG RT 
NON-CUMULATIVE PERPETUAL PREFERRED 
9/03165 REG DTD 210 3161loody Rating A3 S 8 P 
Rating BBB-
Original Cost Basis: 52,992,564.97 
Security Identifier- 3696048111 
12f03115' 
2.469.000 000 
0930 
2.175.016.17 
63.9000 
1.577.691 00 
Original Cost Basis: $2.175.0%.17 
Account Number: 
s:cemsn:os 
•139.689.71 
36,555 56 
140,000 00 
7.36% 
-94.924.92 
348.44 
65,894 18 
6.07% 
-203.691.49 
79t 92 
149,759 50 
6.07% 
-298,616.41 
37,140 36 
215 653 68 
-5298.616.41 
537,140 36 
$215,653 68 
-139.692.40 
78.125.00 
187,500.00 
6.56% 
597.325 17 
1389.33 
98,760.00 
6.25% 
Go paperless 
MX MOUT t.011ivtorr 4 
Mewl beellent 
Even Yew Since 2007 
OALOAR RAW COMMUNICATIONS 
EXCELLENCE 
Page 5 of "5 
Clearem Ihmugh Psalm/ IIC,• wholly omwd 
subeidimy of The Benito. New York Mellon 
Corporation (MY Melon) 
Petits's LLC. member fINRA AY4 S 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083149 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229333 
EFTA01383441

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383442.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383442.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DOLLARS (continued) 
Om Acquired  
Quantity 
 Unit Cost 
FIXED INCOME (continued) 
Corporate Bonds (continued) 
LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC FXD RATE RESET 
ADDL TIER 1SECSISNIUS539439A642 
7.500%04/27188 B/ E DTD 041071,131 P Rating B8-
04110/14 ..332 
1,903,000 000 
102 3910 
CITIGROUP INC FXD RT SR NT PERP DEP RECPT 
5.950% 0815/88 WE DTD 081415 
CALLABLEOB/15/20 Q 10.0001toody Rating BA2S8 P Rating 
BB* 
08106/15 
3.000.000.000 
100.0000 
Total Corporate Bonds 
972 000 000 
TOTAL FIXED INCOM E 
23.972 000 000 
Date Acquired 
EQUITIES 
Common Stocks 
ALI8ABA GROUP IILDG LTD SPONSORED ADR 
ISINSUS0509W1327 
Dividend Oplion: Cash 
06110/15 
AM AZON COM INC 
Dividend Opl ion: Cash 
03/29/18 
04102/18 
Total Covered 
Quantity 
Und Cad 
5,000 000 
88.9500 
500.000 
500.000 
1,000.000 
Total 
1,000.000 
APOLLO GLOBAL M GAIT LLC CL A SHS 
Dividend Oplion: Cash 
263,57.00 of these shares are in your morph' account 
03129/11 ..13 
263.157 000 
19.0000 
Adjusted 
Cost Bads 
Security Identifier: 539439AG4 
1,948.500 00 
96.4800 
Original Cost Basis:11948100.00 
Security Identifier:17296'115 
3,000,005.99 
96.5000 
Original Cost Basis: 33.000.006.00
$23,744.104.80 
$23,744.104.80 
Market Nice 
Market Value 
1,836,014 40 
2.895 000.00 
$22.093.565 40 
122.093.565 40 
Cost Bads 
Mattel Rice 
Market Value 
Secority Identifier: BABA 
CUSP:0509W02 
444'49.00 
137.0700 
Security Identifier: AM ZN 
CUSP. 023135136 
685.350 00 
1,423.8620 
711,930.80 
1,501.9700 
750.985 00 
1,367.0210 
683,510.38 
1,501.9700 
750185 00 
,995,441.18 
1,501,970.00 
$1,395,441.18 
11,501170 00 
Security Identifier: APO 
CUSP:03764308 
4,999,983.00 
24.5400 
Atom. rt Number: 
i.:CENCSSD203 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
0,457,872.70 
Go paperless 
snow MINIM 
Unmated 
Gehl:Loss 
-112,485.60 
-105.00599 
-11.650 539 40 
-31.650.539.40 
Unrealized 
Gam Loss 
240101 00 
39.054 20 
67,474 62 
106,528.82 
1106.528.82 
1,457,889.78 
Accrued 
Estimated Estimated 
filtered 
Annual Income 
Yield 
1,585.83 
142,725.00 
7.77% 
67.43333 
3428.061 41 
$428.061.41 
178,500.00 
6.16% 
31.571.098 68 
31.571.098 68 
Estirnaled Estimated 
Annual Income 
Yield 
30.00 
507,893 01 
7.86% 
Page6 of 18 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICAllONS 
EXCELIDKE 
Clucks Reach S.
 LILC.• wholly *weed 
subtle:run of The Bakal New YM Maori 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083150 
SDNY GM_00229334 
EFTA01383442

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383443.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383443.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DO LLA RS (continued) 
Date Acquired 
EQUITIES (continued) 
Common Stocks (continued) 
APPLE INC COM 
Dividend Option: Cash 
12107/17 
06/20118 
10/15118 
Total Covered 
Total 
304,000.000 
IMOGB4 DEC INC COM 
Dividend Oplion: Cash 
02/14/12 ' ' 
2,095.000 
110.2720 
CalTENECORP DEL COM 
Dividend Option: Cash 
09108/14 
15,550.000 
63.6450 
KARYOPHARM THERAPEUTICS INC COM 
Dividend Oplion: Cash 
07112/18 
25,000.000 
18.6840 
Total Common Socks 
Preferred Socks (listed by expiration date) 
GMAC CAP TR 1 GTO TR PFD SECSSER2 CPN-
8.125% FRED ORTLY ATY•02/15/2040 CALL 
ANYTIME ©25 W/30 DAYS BEGINS 02/5!5 
Dividend Option: Cash 
02122112 
80.000.000 
To:al Preferred Stocks 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
December 1,2018 - December 31,2018 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Quantity 
Unit Cam 
Coat Buis 
Market Price 
Market Wine 
Unrealized 
Win Loa 
214,000.000 
50,000.000 
40,000.000 
304,000.000 
189.8140 
188.7940 
219.0180 
36,340,223.40 
9,339,697.00 
8,760,702.00 
54,440,622.40 
Security Identifier: AAPt 
CUSP:037833t0 
157.7400 
157.7400 
157.7400 
33,756,360.08 
7,886,999.80 
8,309,800.12 
47,952,960.00 
-2.583,863.32 
1,452,697.20 
4,451,101.88 
-8A87,862.40 
Estimaled Estimated 
Annual Income 
Yield 
624,880.00 
146,000.00 
116,800.00 
887,880.00 
554,440,622.40 
Security Identifier BNB 
CUSP: 09062%93 
231,019 65 
300.9200 
Security Identifier:CNC 
CUSIP: 61358191 
989,679.75 
115.3000 
Security Identifier: KPTI 
CUSP. 48576U95 
467,108.00 
9.3700 
$62,968,800.98 
Seasnly Identifier. ALLY PRA 
CUSP:38180208 
23.5350 
1,882,773.60 
$1,882,773.80 
$64,851,374.58 
TOTAL U.S. DOLLARS 
Cod Bala
596,699,411 89 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
25.3500 
Account Number: N 
Eccucci.me 
547,952,960.00 
630 427 40 
792.915 00 
234 250 00 
46,487,662.40 
399.407 75 
803.235 25 
-232,856.00 
559,255,745.18 
2,028,000.00 
$2,028,000.00 
561.283.745.18 
Market Value 
43,712,855.80 
145,226 40 
$887,680.00 
1.85% 
1.85% 
1.85% 
51,395 573 01 
163,568 48 
8.06% 
$145,226.40
43,567,629.40 
Unrealized 
Gam Loss 
$91,481,243 09 
Accrued 
Interest 
45,218,168 80 
$428,061.41 
Go paperless 
MX MOW t.00ivter 4 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
FRULIDICE 
$163,568.48
$1,559,141.49 
Edimated 
Annul Income 
53,202,482.83 
Page 7 of 
MI SR Meech Penabos UM. • wholly owned 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort RMllen 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SO,C 
DB-SDNY-0083151 
SDNY_GM_00229335 
EFTA01383443

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383444.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383444.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portal.° Holdings (continued) 
n Lied) 
EURO 
Opening 
Doting 
Acaued 
30-Day 
Oesaiption 
OuaniNy 
Beleace 
Blatt. aiming 
Income 
Yield 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Global Cash Balance 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Oesalslion 
FIXED INCOME (In Maturity Date Sequence) 
Corporate Bonds 
CASINO, GUKHARD-PERRACHON 
2,500,000.000 
SA !SINN FR001130/180 
4.407% 0810611 REG DID 08103/12 
Moody Rating Ba1S8 P Rating BB 
Secyriiildentifier F%13LCN4 
Total Corporate Bonds: 
2,500,000.000 
434.80 
0.00 
EUR 
0.00 
USD 
-64.80 
0.00 
EUR 
0.00 
0.00 
USD 
0.00 
Acaued 
EstimMed Estimated 
Outmley 
Market Pelee 
Market Vdue %trews 
Interest 
Annul Income 
Yield 
101.4840 
2,537,100.00 
EUR 
2,899,905.30 
USD 
44,371.85 
110,175.00 
4.34% 
50117.02 
125,930.03 
537 100.00 
EUR 
371.85 
2,899,905.30 
USD 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
2,500.000 000 
2,537,100 00 
EUR 
2,899,905 30 
USD 
Mickel Value aiming 
50,717.02
44,371.85 
50,717.02 
110,175.00 
125,930.03
110,175.00 
125,930.03 
Fecued 
alienated 
Interest 
Annul Income 
TOTAL EURO 
2.537.100.00 
EUR 
44,371 85 
110,175.00 
2,899,905.30 USD 
HONG KONG DOLLA R 
50117.02 
125,930.03 
Opening 
Oosim 
Acaued 
30•Dey 
Description 
Quantity 
Balsa 
Balance Currency 
Income 
Yield 
CASH. MONEY FUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Global Cash Balance 
183,242.25 
183,242.25 IMO 
23,405.17 
USD 
TOTAL CASH VI ON EY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
183,242.25 
183,242.25 HKD 
23,405.17 
USD 
TOTAL HONG KONG DOLLAR 
Ann rl Number 
'1 
• 
; 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Market Value Niamey
183,242.25 HKD 
23,405.17 USD 
Go paperless 
SNOUT ICIUNew 
0.00 
0.00 
Awned 
Interest
0.00 
0.00 
Page 8 of 18 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
0.4BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
FRULIDICE 
Cleats through Pin
 LILC.• wholly rani 
subtle:run of The Bakal New YM Mellow 
Comer/Mon (BNY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083152 
SDNY GM_00229338 
EFTA01383444

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383445.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383445.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
JAPANESE YEN 
Description 
Quality 
Opening 
Balance 
Closing 
Balance Cortenq 
Acauee 
30•Day 
Income 
Yield 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Global Cash Balance 
49.00 
49.00 
JPY 
-0.45 
USD 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
49.00 
49.00 
JPY 
0.00 
-0.45 
USO 
Merkel Value Curteney 
0.00 
Acaued 
Mitred 
TOTAL JAPA NESE YETI 
December 1,2018 - December 31,2018 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
TOTAL PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS - U.S. 
DOLLARS 
49.00 
JPY 
0.00 
-0.45 
USD 
0.00 
Unrealized 
Acaue4 
Estimated 
  Cost Bads  
Markel Value  
Gam Loss 
Unlined  
Annual Income 
896,699,411.89 
$94,404,553.11 
-$5,218,168.80 
8478,778.43 
83,328,412.86 
• Noncovered under the cost basis rules as defined below. 
Generally, securities acquired before 2011, in retirement accounts or held by Non-U.S. entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, and are marked as" noncovered". Securities marked as "covered', were identified as securities potentially 
subject to the cost basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRS on form 1099-8 for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determinethetaxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 10998, the cost 
basis will not be reported to the IRS. 
Cost Basis on fixed income securities may be adjusted for amortization, accretion, original issue discount adjustments, or principal paydowns. The calculation is based upon the 
taxpayer election. type of fixed income security, and certain attributes, obtained from sources believed to be reliable. In the event, one or more of these attributes is changed, there may 
be a temporary incorrect adjusted cost basis reflected until the cost basis system is amended to reflect this change. These calculations will not be performed under certain 
circumstances, including those involving foreign bonds, bonds sold short or bonds issued with less than one year to maturity. This information is meant as a general guide and you 
should consult your tax advisor in the preparation of your tax returns. 
The cost basis of this security has been provided to us by you or your introducing firm and Pershing makes no representation as to the accuracy of this information. 
Pershing has received updated cost basis information, therefore cost basis provided on previous client brokerage statements may differ from the new cost basis reported in this section. 
" The cost basis of this security has been provided to us by the delivering firm or transferring agent and Pershing makes no representation as to the accuracy of this information. 
Amount tivriber 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
ASX MOUT t.IXIIVIIM 
Page 9 of 
Raid [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
048AR MITOCOMPAVNICAllONS 
EXCELLENCE 
Marrs through Pin
 lit • wholly owned 
subtle:run of The Bakal New York Mellon 
Corporation OM Mellen) 
PtiShra LLC. motto, AURA. NYSE SlPC 
DB-SDNY-0083153 
SDNY_GM_00229337 
EFTA01383445

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383446.pdf
----------------------------------------
Holdings Summary by Currency 
Quincy  
ON6 
fixed Income
Equities 
Total by Currency 
U.S DOLLARS 
103 932 
22.093,565 
61,283,745 
91,481,243 
USD 
EURO 
2,537,100 
2,537,100 EUR 
HONG KONG DOLLAR 
183.242 
183,242 HKD 
JAPANESE YEN  
JPY
Total USD Equivalent 
8,127,337 
24,993,470 
61,283,745 
94,404.663 U80 
% of Allocation 
9% 
26% 
65% 
100% 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for which a price is not available are marked "N/ AS and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PRICEDATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THEPRICEDATEDOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM B4T DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (EAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income. Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Option Disclosure 
Information with respect to commissions and other charges incurred in connection with the execution of option transactions has been included in confirmations previously furnished 
to you. A summary of this information is available to you promptly upon your written request directed to your introducing firm. In order to assist your introducing firm in maintaining 
current background and financial information concerning your option accounts, please promptly advise them in writing of any material change in your investment objectives or 
financial situation. Expiring options which are valuable are exercised automatically pursuant to the exercise by exception procedure of the Options Clearing Corporation. Additional 
information regarding this procedure is available upon written request to your introducing firm. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate w ill not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 196, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Page 10 of 18 
Account Number: 
E SIMMS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
SNOW 001INNY 4 
Rated Excellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTEOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELIDICE 
Marts Weeugh S.
 UM. a wholly aimed 
subsifurey of The Bakal New Yort Mellon 
Corieration (BNY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. merit( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083154 
SDNY_GM_00229338 
EFTA01383446

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383447.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Hof t 
dings D'scosures (continued) 
December 1, 2018 - December 31,2018 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Ratings 
This statement may contain credit rating information obtained from Standard & Poor's. Reproducing and distributing any information received from Standard & Poor's Is not permitted 
without prior written authorization from Standard & Poor's. Standard & Poor's does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information. Standard & 
Poor's is not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause, or for the results of using such content. Standard & Poor's makes no express or implied warranties 
including warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Standard & Poor's shall not be legally responsible for any fees, costs, expenses or losses in connection with 
the use of their content. Credit ratings are opinions and not statements of facts; are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities; and do not address suitability for 
investment purpose. Credit ratings should not be relied upon as investment advice. 
Scheduleof Realized Gains aid Losses Current Period 
Date 
Date 
Realized 
Detorprion 
Disposed  
Moulted 
Designation 
Disposition Method f TreataclIon 
Quality 
Proceeds 
Cost Bads 
Getolloss 
Short Term 
EURO CURRENCY 
12/20/18 
12119118 
Noncovered' 
Aryl In First Out! 93.1 
796,815.200 
913,947.03 
910,042.64 
3,904.39 
Security Identifier: EUR999995 
UBI SOFT DITERTAINME 
12/19/18 
03121118 
Covered 
First In first Out! 
5,600.000 
455,058.33 
489,130.40 
-34,072.07 
0000054470 SAMONTREUILACT 
12119/18 
03127118 
Covered 
First In First Out! SELL 
5,600.000 
455,058.32 
485,068.46 
-30,010.14 
Security Identifier: F939614106 
Total 
11,200 000 
910,116.65 
974,198.86 
14,082.21 
GENERAL ELECTRIC CO 
12119118 
02123118 
Covered 
First In First Out! Sal 
2,500 000 
18,889.63 
40,551.71 
-21,662.08 
Security Identifier: 369604133 
12119/18 
02126118 
Covered 
First In First Out! SELL 
2,500 000 
18,889.63 
40,551.71 
-21,662.08 
12119/18 
03105118 
Covered 
first In First Oul !SELL 
800.000 
6,044.68 
12,980 63 
1,935.95 
12119/18 
03107118 
Covered 
first In First Out! SELL 
5.000.000 
37,779.26 
81,097.41 
-43.318.15 
12119/18 
03112118 
Covered 
First In First Out f 
2,500.000 
18,889.63 
40,551.71 
-21,662.08 
12119/18 
03116118 
Covered 
First In First Out SELL 
11,700 000 
88.403.45 
189,759.90 
-101,356.45 
Total 
25,000.000 
188,896.28 
405,493.07 
416,596.79 
NINTENDO LTD ADR 
12119/18 
02105118 
Covered 
First In First Out! SB.L 
10,000.000 
333,989.65 
517,906.00 
-183,916.35 
Security Identifier: 654445303 
Total Short Term 
2,346,949.61 
2,807,640.57 
-460,690.96 
Page 11 of 5 
Account Number: NIG-013804 
mcestimmie 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
ALX AtC4O 
Rated Excellent 
Emy Year Since 2007 
0708AR RAMO COMPAVNICA71076 
EXCE DK( 
Marrs through Pentabos (W.owlish sward 
subsifun of The BIS al Na. YM Man 
Comer/Mon (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. mutt( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083155 
SDNY_GM_00229339 
EFTA01383447

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383448.pdf
----------------------------------------
Schedule of Realized Gains and Losses Current Period (continued) 
Dale 
Description 
Disposed 
Total Short and Long Term 
Dale 
Acquired 
Designation 
Cisposition Method I Transaction 
Quantity 
Rated 
Proceeds 
Coat Basis 
Cain/Loss 
2,346.919 61 
2,807.600 57 
460,690.96 
' Noncovered under the cost basis rules as defined below. 
Generally, securities acquired before 2011, in retirement accounts or held by Non-U.S. entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, and are marked as "noncovered". Securities marked as "covered", were identified as securities potentially subject to the cost 
basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRS on form 1099-B for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 10998, the cost basis 
will not be reported to the IRS. 
This Schedule may not reflect all cost basis adjustments necessary for tax reporting purposes, especially for noncovered securities. Adjustments to cost basis may have been made for prior 
income received and subsequently reclassified by the issuer as a return of capital. In addition, corporate action events may require adjustments to your original cost basis. Return of capital 
information and cost basis information, as it relates to corporate actions, has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable. 
Adjustments to cost basis can be made after year-end, in particular, for return of capital adjustments, but may also include adjustments for corporate action events. Therefore there may be 
differences in cost basis reflected on your monthly client brokerage statement at year end versus any subsequent reports, including your 1099-8 or online displays you may have available to 
you. 
W hen you report your cost basis on your tax return, it should be verified using all of your own records. In particular, there may be other adjustments which you need to make, but are not 
required to be made by Pershing as it relates to H.R. 1424. You should consult with your tax advisor in order to properly report your gain or loss for tax purposes. Pershing shall not be 
responsible for and makes no representations or warranties with respect to the accuracy of any information that you report to the IRS or other taxing authorities, and, accordingly, disclaims 
any and all liability that may arise with respect to your use and reliance on the information provided herein for such reporting. 
Please refer to the Your Account Information Section in your brokerage account statement for your account's existing tax-lot disposition method. The disposition method is the method which 
you have selected to use in the disposal of each tax lot of the securities held in your account. If you do not select a method, your account will be defaulted to First In, First Out (FIFO). Your 
account's selected tax lot method will be used to determine the cost basis for calculating gain and/ or loss, unless another method was selected at the time of the security disposal, and this may 
be reported on the IRS Form 1099-B. 
M essages 
Please note the following information for Pershing's 2018 IRS Form 1099 (B, DIV, INT, M ISC and 0lD): Your Form 1099 will be delivered as early as possible, beginning January 31, 
2019. By February 15, you will be mailed either your Form 1099 or a special Pending 1099 Notice. The Pending 1099 Notice will be sent if we have not received and processed final 
information from issuers and trustees of securities that you hold by the as of date of the February 15 1099 mailing. You will also be sent the notice if your information is still being 
reviewed and finalized. The notice will inform you of the securities that are pending final reporting and provides the anticipated mail date of your 199. Your 199 will be mailed no 
later than M arch 15, 201. 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10b-10(b)(1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Account Number: N 
s:cestcr.one 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Rated Utellent 
Every Yew Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.6 
EXCELIDKE 
Page 12 of 18 
Marts through Pen
 UC, a wholly own,c1 
subskrun of The Bakal New York Mellon 
Cow/Elan MY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPE 
DB-SDNY-00831 56 
SDNY_GM_00229340 
EFTA01383448

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383449.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383449.pdf
----------------------------------------
151 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
December 1, 2018 - December 31,2018 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Securities 
Credits This Period 
Debits This Period 
Net This Period 
OeCitsTem.to.thate  
Debitsreato-Date 
Net Yea-to-Date 
Steadies Bought 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
48.533.305.28 
-48.533.305.28 
Steadies Sold 
2.346.949.61 
0.00 
2,346,949.61 
45,312,884.71 
0.00 
45,312,884.71 
Total Securities 
$2.346.949.61 
$0.00 
$2.346.949.61 
$45.312,884.71 
448.533.305.28 
43.220.420.57 
Dividends and Interest 
$124.445.80 
$0.0D 
$124 445 80 
$2,849.647 56 
$0.00 
$2.849.647 56 
Distributions 
$0 00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$4.238.988.10 
$0 00 
$4.238.988.10 
Fees 
$0.00 
4228.11 
4228.11 
$0.00 
-$1,406.11 
41,406 11 
Taxes Withheld 
$0 00 
4286.03 
4286.03 
$0.00 
47,286.40 
-$7,286.40 
Other 
$0.00 
$000 
$0.00 
$0.00 
477.65 
477 65 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
000 
0.00 
0.00 
4,077,618.24 
.4.077,618 24 
Deposits 
0.00 
000 
0.00 
8.270.842.15 
0.00 
8.270.842 15 
Total Cash 
$0.00 
$0 OD 
$0.00 
$8,270,842.15 
44,077,618.24 
$4,193.223.91 
Totals 
62.471.395.41 
4514 14 
$2 470 881 27 
$60.672.362.52 
452.619.693 68 
$8.052.668.84 
Transactions by Type of Activity 
Process' 
Trade 
Settlement 
Transaction 
Dale 
Date 
Activity Type 
Desolation 
Quality 
Price 
Accrued Interest 
Amount Currency 
Securities Bought and Sold 
12121/18 
12/19/18 SOLD 
U8I SOFT ENTERTAINMENT 'SINS FR0000054470 SA 
-11,200.000 
71.1900 
796,880 00 
EUR 
UBI:FR 
M ONTREUIL ACT ALLOCATED ORDER YOUR BROKER ACTED AS 
910,116 65 
USD 
AGENT AS OF 2/1/2013 
12121/18 
12119/18 SOLD 
GENERAL ELECTRIC CO COM UNSOLICITED ORDER AVERAGE 
-25.000.000 
7.5961 
188.896 28 
USO 
GE 
UNIT PRICE TRANSACTION YOUR BROKER ACTED ASAGENT 
12121/18 
12119/18 SOLD 
NINTENDO LTD ADR UNSOLICITED ORDER 
-10.000.000 
33.4400 
333.989.65 
USD 
NTDOY 
12(24/18  12(20/18 CORRECTED SELL 
EURO 
.796 815 200 
1.1470 
913.941.03 
USD 
Total Securities Bought and Sold 
EURO 
0.00 
796.880 00 
EUR 
Account Number 
6: 
Page 13 of 13 
Go paperless 
AtOut t.DItivtorr 4 
Rated btellent 
Every Yew Since 2007 
OALOAR RATIO COMMUNICATONS 
ECM DICE 
Charing through Penh," LLC. • Melly o.word 
stellar/ of llr BIS el New Yort Mellon 
Comoration (INV Wan) 
Perthra LLC. men**, ilfiRA, NYS. 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083157 
SDNY_GM_00229341 
EFTA01383449

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383450.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Process 
Rade,
Settlement 
Transaction 
Dale 
Date 
Adirity Type 
Total Securities Bought and Sold (continued) 
TOTAL USD EQUIVALENT 
U.S. DOLLARS 
Dividends and Interest 
12103/18 
FOREIGN BOND INTEREST 
251260N8 
12117/18 
CASH DIVIDEND RECBVED 
3696048114 
12118/18 
12127/18 
12/31/18 
FOREIGN SECURITY DIVIDEND 
RECEIVED 
NTDOY 
FOREIGN BOND INTEREST 
539439AG4 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
INCOME RECEIVED 
PeR232045 
Description 
900000 DEUTSCHE BK AG N YBRH VAR 'SIN. US25126BN89 
875% 1210132 WE DID 2/0117 CLB RD MO PD 21011 
2469000 GENERAL ELEC CO GTD FXDTO-FLTGRT 
NON-CUM ULATIVE PERPETUAL PREFERRED 4 000% 2/03/65 
REG DID 12/03/1 CO RD 1130 PD 12161E 
13000 SHRS NINTENDO LTD ACR RD 09/28 PC 1211/1 
103000 LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC FXD RATE RESET ADDL 
TIER 1SECS ISMS US539439AG42 7500% 04127188 B/E DTD 
04/07/11CLB RD 2/2 PD 2127/1 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT 
Quantity 
Price 
Accrued Interest 
Amount altrency 
0.00 
0.00 
910,116 65 
USD 
1.436.832.96 
USD 
24,375 00 
USD 
49380 00 
USD 
1.867 64 
USD 
35.681 25 
USD 
13141 91 USD 
Total Dividends and Interest - U S DOLLARS 
Fees 
12103118 
FOREIGN CUSTODY FEE 
USD999997 
12103/18 
FOREIGN CUSTODY FEE 
USC999997 
12118/18 
FEE ON FOREIGN DIVIDEND 
WITHHELD AT THE SOURCE 
NTDOY 
Total Fees - U.S. DOLLARS 
TaxesWithheld 
12118/18 
FOREIGN TAX WITHHELD AT 
THE SOURCE 
NTDOY 
Total Taxes Withheld - U.S. DOLLARS 
TranssclionsSummary
EURO 
U S. DOLLARS 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded 
Fgn Safekeeping NOV 201CUSIP. F93961136 
Fgn Safekeeping NOV 2013 CUSIP. F149L•CN•4 
9000 SHRS NINTENDO LTD ACR RD 09/28 PC 2113/13 
9000 SHRS NINTENDO LTD ACR RD 09/28 PC 2113/8 
Total Accrued Interest 
00 
000 
Account Number 
Total Amount 
796.880 00 
1.560.764 62 
Oarency 
EUR 
USD 
Total Accrued intend 
Total Amount 
USD Equivalent 
USD Equivalent 
0.00 
910,116 65 
0.00 
1.560.764 62 
Go paperless 
ASY Molt l.Illuvtier 4 
Med tmellent 
Every Yes Since 2007 
040AR RAW COMMUNICATIONS 
EXCLUENCE 
0.00 
124,445.80 
•2.00 
USD 
•2.00 
USD 
-224.11 
USD 
0.00 
-22811 
-286.03 
USD 
0.00 
-286.03 
Page '4 of -73 
Cleanot threush Pveyhna LLC, a wholly evened 
sub acksey of The Bank of New Yor* Mellon 
Corporation (BNY Mellon) 
Pesstme LLC. member' MORA NY). S 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083158 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229342 
EFTA01383450

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383451.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
December 1, 2018 - December 31,2018 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Seamy 
Record Dale 
Payable Date 
Quantity Held  
Rate  
Dividend Option  
 Amount of Payment 
Dividends 
GBIERAL ELECTRIC CO COM 
12120118 
01125/19 
25,000.000 
0.010000 
Cash 
250.00 
Interest 
DELk INTER LIC DMA AN INCGTO 
12131118 
01/15/19 
3.000000 000 
0.050000 
Cash 
150,000.00 
ANT PRIORITY SR 
Total Cash Not Yet Received 
5150,250.00 
Assets shown here are not reflected in your account. This information has been received from sources we believe to be reliable. Pershing does not guarantee the accuracy of the 
information. 
Fixed income Analysis 
Bond Quality 
%of Bond 
Bond Quality 
Market Value 
Markel Value 
Percent of Feed Income 
A 
1,577,691.00 
6% ■ 
BA A 
6,408,000.00 
28% 
BA/ Lower 
16,230,239.70 
65% 
Not Rated 
777,540.00 
3% 
Total 
24,993,470.70 
100% 0 
100 
Bond Maturity Schedule 
%of Bond 
Bond MMudly 
Market Value 
Market Value 
I. 1to 6 months 
972,500.00 
4% 
E:17 to 12 months 
2,899,905.30 
12% 
MIII1to 5 years 
2,865,000.00 
11% 
to 10 years 
2,861,820.00 
it% 
NI Over 10.years 
  15,394,24040   
62% 
Total 
24,993,470.70 
100% 
Percentages of bond market values are rounded to the nearest whole percentage. 
Bond quality ratings reflect Moody's or Standard and Poor's ratings. Bonds may be rated by other services. Bonds that are in default are not included. Please refer to your Portfolio 
Holdings section. 
Client Service Information 
Your Investment Spadeful ZEN 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 10154 
Contact Information 
Tetephone Number (212) 2 50-0 4 32 
Page 15 of 
Account Number: NIG-023804 
s:texcnorm 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
abut t.Ptivtor 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
O4BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71O.5 
FRULIDICE 
MISR Meech Penabos rat. a wholly mord 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Man 
Comer/Mon (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE S0,C 
DB-SDNY-0083159 
SDNY_GM_00229343 
EFTA01383451

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383452.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383452.pdf
----------------------------------------
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount  in income annuaff 
No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
You have not selected any account communications for electronic delivery. To register and turn off paper communications, log in to your account or contact your Investment 
Specialist for more information. 
m pa^ it ifor ma' 
aid U sr, os res 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial Institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection. Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.comi about! strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC. Legal Department. 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding:a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents.witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason( s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
Page 16 of '8 
Account Number: NIG-013804 
6:csscxxia 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperiess 
AU MOW 1-011NOW 4 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
O4BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71O.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Weeugh Penabos UM. • wholly aimed 
subsidurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mao 
Corporation (r 1Y MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083160 
SDNY_GM_00229344 
EFTA01383452

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383453.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383453.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
moor; ant Information and D aclosures (continued) 
December 1, 2018 - December 31,2018 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Important Arbitration Disclosures (continued) 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the Rate of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, One Pershing Raze, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. 
Page 17 of 
Account Number: NIG-023804 
6:ceiws-x:26 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
ASX abut t.Plivtor 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
FRULIDICE 
MISR One* Penabos UM. • wholly owned 
subsidurey of The BIS al Ni. Yort Man 
Comeration OM MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083161 
SDNY_GM_00229345 
EFTA01383453

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383454.pdf
----------------------------------------
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
TRANSACTIONS 
• ALL ORDERS AND TRANSACTIONS SHALL BE SOLELY FOR YOUR ACCOUNT AND RISK SHALL BE 
SUBJECT TO THE CONSTITUTION, RULES, REGULATIONS. CUSTOMS. USAGES. RULINGS AND 
INTERPRETATIONS OF THE EXCHANGE OR MARKET AND THE CLEARING FACILITY. IF ANY. WHERE 
THE TRANSACTIONS ARE EXECUTED ANDIOR SETTLED. OR IF APPLICABLE, OF THE FINANCIAL 
INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY AND TO ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. 
• TITLE TO SECURITIES SOLD TO YOU. WHERE PERSHING HAS ACTED AS PRINCIPAL, SHALL REMAIN 
WITH PERSHING UNTIL THE ENTIRE PURCHASE PRICE IS RECEIVED OR UNTIL THE SETTLEMENT 
DATE. WHICHEVER IS LATER. 
• YOU MAY HAVE RECEIVED CONFIRMATIONS FOR TRANSACTIONS WHICH DO NOT APPEAR ON YOUR 
STATEMENT. IF SO. THE TRANSACTIONS WILL APPEAR ON YOUR NEXT PERIODIC STATEMENT. SUCH 
TRANSACTIONS MUST BE CONSIDERED BY YOU WHEN COMPUTING THE VALUE OF YOUR ACCOUNT. 
THIS IS ESPECIALLY TRUE F YOU HAVE WRITTEN OPTIONS WHICH HAVE BEEN EXERCISED. 
FREE CREDIT BALANCES: ANY FREE CREDIT BALANCE CARRIED FOR YOUR ACCOUNT REPRESENTS 
FUNDS PAYABLE UPON DEMAND WHICH, ALTHOUGH PROPERLY ACCOUNTED FOR ON PERSHING'S 
BOOKS OF RECORD. ARE NOT SEGREGATED AND MAY BE USED IN THE CONDUCT OF ITS BUSINESS. 
DEBIT BALANCES: INTEREST CHARGED ON DEBIT BALANCES IN YOUR ACCOUNT APPEARS ON THE 
STATEMENT. THE RATE OF INTEREST AND PERIOD COVERED ARE INDICATED. THE RATE MAY CHANGE 
FROM TIME TO T:ME DUE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN MONEY RATES OR OTHER REASONS. INTEREST IS 
COMPUTED AS DESCRIBED IN MATERIAL PREVIOUSLY FURNISHED TO YOU. PLEASE CONTACT YOUR 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION IF YOU DESIRE ADDITIONAL COPIES. 
MARGIN INFORMATION: F YOU MAINTAIN A MARGIN ACCOUNT. THIS IS A COMBINED STATEMENT OF 
YOUR GENERAL ACCOUNT AND A SPECIAL MEMORANDUM ACCOUNT MAINTAINED FOR YOU UNDER 
REGULATION T OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. THE PERMANENT 
RECORD OF THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT AS REQUIRED BY REGULATION T IS AVALABLE FOR YOUR 
NSPECTION UPON REQUEST. 
TAX INFORMATION 
• AFTER YEAR END. PERSHING IS REQUIRED TO PROVIDE TAX INFORMATION TO THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE SERVICE AND OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. AT THAT TIME PERSHING WILL 
PROVIDE THAT INFORMATION ON THE ANNUAL TAX INFORMATION STATEMENT TO YOU: USE THAT 
STATEMENT TO PREPARE YOUR TAX FLINGS. THE TAX STATEMENT ALSO INCLUDES OTHER USEFUL 
INFORMATION TO ASSIST IN ACCUMULATING THE DATA TO PREPARE YOUR TAX RETURNS. 
• DIVIDENDS. INTEREST AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS SHOWN ON THIS STATEMENT WERE CLASSFIED 
AS TAXABLE OR NONTAXABLE BASED ON CERTAIN INFORMATION KNOWN AS OF THE DISTRIBUTION 
DATE. THIS CLASSFICATION IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND IS SOLELY INTENDED FOR USE AS 
GENERAL INFORMATION. 
• PERSHING DOES NOT PROVIDE TAX. INVESTMENT OR LEGAL ADVISORY SERVICES AND NO ONE 
ASSOCIATED WITH PERSHING IS AUTHORIZED TO RENDER SUCH ADVICE. DO NOT RELY UPON ANY 
SUCH ADVICE. IF GIVEN. INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS TO 
DETERMiNE THE APPROPRIATE TAX TREATMENT OF THEIR BUSINESS. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
• WHENEVER YOU ARE INDEBTED TO PERSHING LLC ("PERSHING') FOR ANY AMOUNT, ALL SECURITIES 
HELD BY IT FOR YOU IN ANY ACCOUNT IN WHICH YOU HAVE ANY INTEREST SHALL SECURE ALL YOUR 
LIABILITIES TO PERSHING. AND PERSHING MAY IN ITS DISCRETION AT ANY TIME. WITHOUT TENDER. 
DEMAND OR NOTICE TO YOU, CLOSE OR REDUCE ANY OR ALL OF YOUR ACCOUNTS BY PUBLIC OR 
PRIVATE SALE OR PURCHASE OR BOTH OF ALL OR ANY SECURITIES CARRIED IN SUCH ACCOUNTS: 
ANY BALANCE REMAINING DUE PERSHING TO BE PROMPTLY PAID BY YOU. 
• WHENEVER YOU ARE INDEBTED TO PERSHING FOR ANY AMOUNT, ALL SECURITIES CARRIED FOR 
YOUR ACCOUNT ARE OR MAY BE, WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE TO YOU. LOANED OR PLEDGED BY 
PERSHING, EITHER SEPARATELY OR UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH WILL PERMIT THE 
COMMINGLING THEREOF, WITH OTHER SECURITIES FOR ANY AMOUNT LESS THAN. EQUAL TO OR 
GREATER THAN YOUR UABILMES TO PERSHING. BUT NOT UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES FOR AN AMOUNT 
PROHIBITED BY LAW. 
• PERSHING MAY TRADE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AS A MARKET MAKER. SPECIALIST. ODD LOT DEALER. 
BLOCK POSITIONER. ARBITRAGEUR OR INVESTOR. CONSEQUENTLY. AT THE TIME OF ANY 
TRANSACTION YOU MAY MAKE, PERSHNG MAY HAVE A POSITION IN SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH 
POSITION MAY BE PARTIALLY OR COMPLETELY HEDGED. 
• IF AVERAGE PRICE TRANSACTION IS INDICATED ON THE FRONT OF THIS STATEMENT YOUR 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION OR PERSHING MAY HAVE ACTED AS PRINCIPAL. AGENT OR BOTH. DETALS 
AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST. 
• A FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF PERSHING IS AVAILABLE FOR YOUR PERSONAL INSPECTION AT 
PERSHING'S OFFICES. A COPY OF IT WILL BE MAILED UPON YOUR WRITTEN REQUEST OR YOU CAN 
VIEW IT ONLINE AT WWW.PERSHING.COM. 
• FOR BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES: WWW.PERSHING.CONVDISCLOSURES. 
• THIS STATEMENT SHOULD BE RETAINED FOR YOUR RECORDS. 
PAYMENT FOR ORDER FLOW AND ORDER ROUTING POLICIES DISCLOSURES (REGULATION NMS-
RULE 607(A)(1)-(2)) 
PERSHING SENDS CERTAIN EQUITY ORDERS TO EXCHANGES, ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION 
NETWORKS, OR BROKER-DEALERS DURING NORMAL BUSINESS HOURS AND DURING EXTENDED 
TRADING SESSIONS. CERTAIN OF THESE VENUES PROVIDE PAYMENTS TO PERSHING OR CHARGE 
ACCESS FEES TO PERSHING DEPENDING UPON THE CHARACTERISTICS OF THE ORDER AND ANY 
SUBSEQUENT EXECUTION. THE DETALS OF THESE PAYMENTS AND FEES ARE AVAILABLE UPON 
WRITTEN REQUEST. PERSHING REGENTS PAYMENTS FOR DIRECTING LISTED OPTIONS ORDER FLOW 
TO CERTAIN OPTION EXCHANGES. IN ADDITION. PERSHING ROUTES CERTAIN EQUITY AND OPTION 
ORDERS TO ITS AFFILIATE. BNY MELLON CAPITAL MARKETS. LLC, FOR EXECUTION AS PRINCIPAL. 
COMPENSATION IS GENERALLY IN THE FORM OF A PER OPTION CONTRACT CASH PAYMENT. 
BEST EXECUTION: NOTWITHSTANDING THE PREVIOUS PARAGRAPH REGARDING PAYMENT FOR ORDER 
FLOW. PERSHING SELECTS CERTAIN MARKET CENTERS TO PROVIDE EXECUTION OF OVER-THE-
COUNTER AND EXCHANGE-LISTED SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS WHICH AGREE TO ACCEPT ORDERS. 
TRANSMITTED ELECTRONICALLY UP TO A SPECIFIED SIZE. AND TO EXECUTE THEM AT OR BETTER THAN 
THE NATIONAL BEST BID OR OFFER (NBBO). ON CERTAIN LARGER ORDERS, OR F THE DESIGNATED 
MARKET CENTERS DO NOT MAKE A MARKET IN THE SUBJECT SECURITY. PERSHING DIRECTLY 
CONTACTS MARKET CENTERS TO OBTAIN AN EXECUTION. THE DESIGNATED MARKET CENTERS TO 
WHICH ORDERS ARE AUTOMATICALLY ROUTED ARE SELECTED BASED ON THE CONSISTENT HIGH 
QUALITY OF THEIR EXECUTIONS IN ONE OR MORE MARKET SEGMENTS AND THEIR ABLITY TO PROVIDE 
OPPORTUNITIES FOR EXECUTIONS AT PRICES SUPERIOR TO THE NBBO. PERSHING ALSO REGULARLY 
REVIEWS REPORTS FOR QUALITY OF EXECUTION PURPOSES. 
IF ANY OF THE MOVE TERNS MC CONCRIONS ARE UNACCEPTABLE 70 YOU. FLEASE NOTIFYPERS-MID IIMIEDLATELY PI WRITING SY DERIVED AWL TO ONE PERSHING PLAZA. JERSEY COY. NJ07399. ATM LEGAL DEPT 
Page 1° o118 
Account Number N46-023804 
6:cesetww:m 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperiess 
AU MOW 1-011NOW 4 
Raid Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MTIOCOMIAVNICATIONS 
EXCE LIDICE 
Chfl Swoosh Pone' EEC. • wholly sad 
st6VoSwy of The BIM al Mn. Yea Melba 
Comentlan (SHY Melon) 
PersPrw LLC. motto( ANSA. NYSE SIC 
DB-SDNY-0083162 
SDNY_GM_00229346 
EFTA01383454

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383455.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Chao:he Oink Ihhow %oath Maananotol 
Walsh haashe Wows 
Deviate Rank Sasepeu PIC 
New Yak Ms 
HS Pea Annus nth host 
New Wtt. NY I0154 
Toll tree 166 NI I-5503 
Wets 310 $45 fl at 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
Account Number: 
Pc 
G:ance 
.to oat a 
 This Period
Year-lo-Dale 
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$94,404,553.11 
594.404 553.11 
Mit 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
4,900,000.00 
43,000,000.00 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
86,404,553 1I 
86,404,553.11 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
210,317 04 
210.317 04 
Other Transactions 
10.38 
38 
Net Change in Portfolio' 
5,268,838 69 
5,268 838 69 
BIDINGACCOUNT VALUE 
594,883,658.46 
$91,883,85846 
Accrued Interest 
5416,117 32 
Estimated Annual Income 
53.235.282.89 
'Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value end 
beginning account value after activity. 
Asset Summa. y 
Percent 
Asset Type 
Prior Year-ad 
Lail Period 
This Period 
UM 
1% 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
8.127.337.23 
8,127,337.23 
337,551.57 
28% 
Fixed Income 
24,993 47010 
24,993,470.70 
25,651,747.33 
. 
71% 
Equities 
61,283,745.18 
61,283,745.18 
65,894,359.56 
100% 
Account Total (Pie Chart) 
$94,404,553.11 
894,404,553.11 
$91,883,658.46 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
Go paperless 
AIX oiOUT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 1 of '5 
Rated Utellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
O4BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71O.6 
EXCELIDKE 
Marts through Pentabos UM. • wholly ginned 
subskrun of The BIS al Ni. Viii Man 
Comer/Mon (BNY Mellen) 
PtiSPWS LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE S0,C 
DB-SDNY-0083163 
SDNY_GM_00229347 
EFTA01383455

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383456.pdf
----------------------------------------
Summary of Gains and Losses 
Short-Term Gain! Loss 
Realized 
This Period 
00 
Tem4o•Date
0.00 
Unrealized
-3243,809.11 
Long-Term Gain/ Loss 
0.00 
0.00 
337 948.06 
Net Gain/ Loss 
0.00 
0.00 
94,138.95 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis information is not available. 
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced' negative interest rates° . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 13 99 and/ or 104 2 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
exchange Ra,e Tabe 
Global Cast) 
Currency 
USD Equivalent 
Currency 
 per USD 
Currency 
Closing 
Base 
Amount in 
Bose Currency USO 
EURO 
11473 
0.8716 
EURO 
A2.57 
48.84 
HONG KONG DOLLAR 
0.1274 
7.8465 
HONG KONG DOLLAR 
183242.25 
23,353.31 
APANESE YEN 
0.0091 
108.8100 
MANSE  YEN 
X9.00 
4.45 
Exchange rates are based on interbank exchange rates as of 0 V 311 20 
rates can vary. 
Exchange 
Total Global Cash Balance 
$23,304.02 
Money= Market Fund De,,a ' 
Date 
Activity Type 
Sweep Money Market Fund 
CASH AC TRDWSGOVT & AG INSTL 
Current Yield: 2.30% Activity Ending:01/3V 19 
Desolation 
Amount 
 Balance 
01/01/19 
Opening Balance 
8,103,932 51 
8,103,932.51 
01103/19 
Withdrawal 
MONEY FUND REDEMPTION 
-2.00 
8,103,930.51 
01/10/19 
Withdrawal 
MONEY FUND REDEMPTION 
4,000,000 00 
103,930.51 
01/18/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
150,000 00 
253,930.51 
01128/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
250.00 
254,180.51 
01131/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
55,112 40 
309,292.91 
01131/19 
Deposit
INCOM ERBNVEST 
4,954 84 
314,247.55 
01/31/19 
Closing Balance 
$314,247.55 
Total All Money Market Funds 
$314,247.55 
Aoxt rt Number 
:t7:2220 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Raid Extolled 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELLENCE 
Page 2 of 15 
Marts through Pentabos 210.6,44y *ad 
subsifun of The Bakal Ni. Yea Molke 
Comoration OINY MAW 
Rasta LLC. member AURA. NYSE SIPE 
DB-SDNY-0083 164 
SDNY_GM_00229348 
EFTA01383456

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383457.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383457.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
a id Ixoeisc Su. on,a 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW 
Dividend income 
Current Period 
Taxable 
Non Taxable 
Yeai.toDate 
Terabit 
Non Taxable
Equities 
250.00 
0.00 
250.00 
0.00 
Money Market 
4,954 64 
0.00 
4954.64 
0.00 
Other Dividends 
55.112 40 
0.00 
55,112 40 
0.00 
Interest Income 
Bond Interest 
150 000 00 
0.00  
150,000 00 
0.00
Total Dividends. Interest. Income and Expenses 
1210,317 04 
$0.00 
$210,317.04 
$0.00 
Distributions 
Other Distributions 
48.38 
0.00  
48.38 
0.00 
Total Distributions 
448.38 
$0.00 
448.38 
$0.00 
Portfoi o 
U.S. DOLLARS 
Account 
Activity 
Opening 
Dosing 
Awued 
Income 
30.Day 
Current 
Opening Ole 
Quantity 
Number 
Ending 
Balance 
Balance 
Income 
Ibis Year 
Yield 
Yield 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Money Market 
CASH AC TR DWS GOVT 8 AG INSTL 
01101/19 
314,247.550 
NM 
01/31119 
8,103,932 51  
314 247 55 
00 
4,954 64 
230% 
233% 
Total Money Market 
$8,103,93251 
5314 247 55 
5000 
$4,954 64 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
$8,103,932.51 
5314,247 55 
$0.00 
$4,954.64 
Adjusted 
Unrealized 
Accrued 
aerated ErAlmated 
Clete Acquired  
Quantity 
Unit Col 
Cost Bass 
  Market  Price 
Musket Value 
Oak/loss 
Interest 
Annul Income 
Yield 
FIXED INCOME (In Maturity Date Sequence) 
Corporate Bonds 
CITIZENS COM M UNICATIONS CO SR 
Security Identifier. 17453BAW1 
NT FULLY EXCHANGED FROM 
7.25% 0314/13 BIE DTD 03123/07Moody Wing CAA1S8 P 
Rating CCC-
10103/17 
1,000,000.000 
100.0090 
1.000 094 64 
5000 
Original Cost Basis 51,00'100600 
Account Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
985.000.00 
-15,094 64 
26,916.67 
71,250.00 
7.23% 
Go paperless 
AIR MOW t.IMIPIVIY 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELIDICE 
Page 3 of 15 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly rowed 
subsifurey of The east al Ni. Yort Make 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083165 
SDNY_GM_00229349 
EFTA01383457

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383458.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DOLLARS (continued) 
Date Acquired 
Quantity 
UM Cesl
FIXED INCOME (continued) 
Corporate Bonds (continued) 
DELA INTER LLC I DELA FIN INC GTD 
FIRST PRIORITY SR SECD NT 144A 
SP00% 07715/238/E DID 07/12/V CLBM oody Rating B358 P 
Rating B 
Adjusted 
Cott Bass 
Market Pike 
Market Value 
Security Identifier: 30 S2RAA9 
Untealind 
Gainless 
10124117 
2,000,000.000 
97.0250 
1,940,506.00 
100.0000 
000 000 01 
Original Cost Basis: $1940.50610 
07109/18 
1.000.000 000 
102 6200 
1.026.197 29 
100.0000 
999.999 99 
Original Cost Basis: $1028.756.00 
Total Covered 
3,000,000.000 
2,966,703.29 
3,000,000.00 
Total 
3,000,000.000 
$2,966,703.29 
$3,000,000.00 
J3SINVISGMBHGTD SR NT 
Security Identifier. A29866AB5 
REG S ISINS USA29866AB53 
7250% 04(03124 BIE DTD 04/03/14$ 8 P Rating BB• 
10/31717 
2,000,000.000 
99.0650 
1,981,300.00 
103.4070 
2,068,140.00 
Original Cost Basis:61981300.00 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG NTS 'SINS US25525Alit 33 
Security Identifier: 25525MI 3 
4296% 05/24/28 B/E DTD 05/24/13 
FOREIGN SECURITY ST CPN DTE 1124113M oody Rating Ba2 Sit P 
Rating BB,
06101118 
1,000,000 000 
91.7780 
917,776 00 
88.7940 
887.940 00 
Original Cost Basis: 391.77600 
DEUTSCHE BK AG N Y WIN VAR 
Security Identifier. 255268)18 
'SINS U6251526114489 4.875% 2/0132 WE 
DTD 12/0117 CALLABLE 12/0127 
06101/18 
1.000,000 000 
86.8260 
868,256 00 
84.3000 
843.000.00 
Original Cost Basis: $868255 00 
ASSURANT INC FXD TO FLTG SUB NT 
Security Identifier: 0 462VAK4 
7.000% 03/27148 WE OTD 03727/1 
CALLABLE 03/27/28 @ 130.000M oody Rating MI 
03129/18 
2.000.000 000 
101 9830 
2.039.653 55 
96.5000 
1.930.000.00 
Original Cost Basis: $2,040,006.00 
Account Number 
Accrued 
Estimated Estimated 
Mined 
Annual Income 
Yield 
59.494 01 
8,888.89 
200,000 00 10.00% 
-26.197.30 
4.444 44 
100.000.00 10.00% 
33,296.71 
13,333.33 
300.000.00 
$33,296.71 
$13,333.33 
$300,000.00 
86.840 00 
47.125.00 
145,000.00 
7.01% 
-29.836.00 
7,995 33 
42,960 00 
4.83% 
-25,256.00 
8,125.00 
48,750.00 
5.78% 
-109,653.55 
48.222.22 
140,000.00 
7.25% 
Go paperless 
MY Mail ttaitivvor 4 
Rated Cotenant 
Every Yew Since 2007 
OALOAR RA ITO COMMUNICATIONS 
EXCLUDICE 
Page 4 of 
Canino: through Penhµ LLC, a wholly corned 
subsea" of The Balk of New 'for* Mellon 
Carporation (BNY Mellon) 
Peostwet LLC. (motet LitiRA NYt L 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083166 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229350 
EFTA01383458

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383459.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S DOLLARS (continued) 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW 
Date Acquired  
Quantity 
Unit Cost 
FIXED INCOME (continued) 
Corporate Bonds (continued) 
PM ORGAN CHASES CO DEP SHS REPSTG 
YD TH PFD SER1FIXED TO FLTG RT BD 
5.990% 04/23158 B/E DTD 04/23/08M oody Rating Baa3 58 P 
Rating BBB-
06115/11 "• 32 
1,100,000.000 
107.2500 
06/15/11 "
2,500,000 000 
106.7680 
Adjusted 
Cost Basis 
Marbit Price 
Security Ident(er: 46625HHA1 
1,179,750.41 
100.6000 
Original Cost Basis: 31192500.00 
2669,212 15 
100.6000 
Original Cost Basis. 32,675.000 .00 
Total Noncoyered 
3,600.000 000 
3,848,962.56 
Total 
3,600,000.000 
$3,848,962.56 
SOUTHERN CALIF EDISON CO PREF SER E 
6250% 0117162 WE DTD 0/1712 
CALLABLE 02/0122 
1)0.000Moody Rating Beat Sd P Rating 
880 
01130112 ' •x°  
3,000,000.000 
99.9090 
GENERAL ELEC CO GTD FXD-TO-FITGRT 
NON•CUM ULATIY E PERPETUAL PREFERRED 
4.000% 1UO3/65 REG DTD12/03/Siloody Rating A3 S8 P 
Rating BBB. 
12/03/15 
2.469.000 000 
88.0930 
LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC FXD RATE RESET 
ADDL TIER 1SECSISINB US539439AG42 
7,500%04127188 WE DTD 04/0711181 P Rating 88-
04/10114'A° 
1,903,000.000 
1023910 
Security Identifier: 842400 FU2 
2,997,261.33 
94.0000 
Original Cost Basis: $2,992,564.97 
Security Identifier. 369604864 
2,175,016.17 
67.9000 
Original Cost Basis:1217561.17 
Security Identifier:539439AG4 
1,948,500,00 
101.7500 
Original Cost Basis:11,948,500.00 
Account Number: 
s;c:sixtnout 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Musket Value 
Unrealized 
Win Loa 
1,106,600.02 
2,514,999.98 
3,621,600.00 
$3,621,600.00 
2,820,000.00 
1,676,451.00 
1,936,302.50 
-73,150.39 
-154,212.17 
Accrued 
Estimated Estimated 
Interest 
Annual Income 
Yield 
183.04 
65,894.18 
5.95% 
416.00 
149,759.50 
5.95% 
-227,362.56 
599.04 
4227,362.56 
$599.04 
215.653 68 
6215,653.68 
-177,261.33 
93.750.00 
187,500 00 
6.64% 
498,565.17 
12,619.33 
98,760.00 
5.89% 
-12,197.50 
13,479.58 
142.725 00 
7.37% 
Page 5 of 15 
Go paper less 
AtOUT t.CCIVUrf 
Rated ntefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELIDICE 
Cleats Reach Penabos UM. • wholly ~id 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Melba 
Comeration (617 Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083167 
SDNY_GM_00229351 
EFTA01383459

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383460.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383460.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DOLLARS (continued) 
Date Acquired 
Quantity 
Unit Cost 
FIXED IN COME(continued) 
Corporate Bonds (continued) 
CITIGROUP INC FAD RT SR NT PERP DEP RECPT 
5.950%081S/88 WEDTD08/12/Ei 
CALLABLE 0818120 Q 90.000M oody Raling BA2 68 P Rating 
BB-
08106/15 
3,000,000.000 
100.0000 
Tot al Corporate Bonds 
23.972.000 000_ 
TOTAL FIXED INCOM E 
23,972,000.000 
Date Acquired 
EQUITIES 
Common Stocks 
ALIBABA GROUP HLDG LTD SPONSORED ADR 
MINA USO tO9W 1327 
Dividend Oplion: Cash 
06110115 
AMAZON COM INC 
Dividend Option: Cash 
03/29/18 
04102118 
Total Covered 
1,000 000 
Total 
1,000.000 
APOLLO GLOBAL MGM T LLC CI. A 91$ 
Dividend Option: Cash 
263,167.00 of these shares are in your margin account 
03129111 ' 1°  
263,157.000 
APPLE INC COM 
Dividend Option: Cash 
12107/17 
214.000 000 
06120118 
50,000 000 
10115/18 
40.000.000 
Total Covered 
304,000.000 
Total 
304,000.000 
Quantity 
Unit Cosi 
Adjusted 
Cost Bass 
Market Price 
Market Value 
Securrly Identifier. 17296725 
3,000,005.99 
100.8750 
Original Cost Basis. 53.000.006.00 
$23,743,529.53 
$23,743.529.53 
Cost Bats 
Market Rice 
Unmated 
Galroloss 
3.026.250.00 
$22,794,683.50 
$22,794,683.50 
Market Value 
Accrued 
Estimated Estimated 
Interest 
Annual Income 
Yield 
26.244 01 
82.308.33 
178,500 00 
5.89% 
-$948,846.03 
$354,473 83 
$1,571,098.68 
4948,84643 
$354,473.83 
$1,571.098.68 
Unrealized 
Estimated Estimated 
Gain Los 
Annual Income 
Yield 
5,000 000 
88.9500 
500.000 
500.000 
1.423.8620 
1.367.0210 
0000 
169 8140 
186 7940 
219 0180 
36.340,223 40 
9,339,697 00 
8,760,702.00 
54,440,622.40 
$54,440,622.40 
711,930.80 
683,510.38 
1,395.441.18 
$1,395,441.18 
Security Identifier: MBA 
CUSP 0E09W02 
444,749 00 
168.4900 
Security Identifier AM ZN 
CUSP. 023135106 
1.718.7300 
1.718.7300 
842,450 00 
859.365.00 
859.365.00 
1,718,730.00 
Security Identifier APO 
CUSP:037612306 
4,999,983.00 
29.2800 
Security Identifier. AAP1. 
CUSP: 03783300 
166.4400 
166.4400 
166.4400 
$1,718,730.00 
7.705 236 96 
35.618.160 08 
8.321.999.79 
6.657.600.13 
50,597,760.00 
Account Number: 
smisiscmt:2: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
$50,597,760.00 
Go papetiess 
MX MOW t.DItivtorr 
397,701 00 
147,434 20 
175.854 62 
323.288 82 
$323,288.82 
$0.00 
2.705,253 96 
481,577 31 
6.25% 
-722,063.32 
624.880 00 
1.75% 
-1,017,697.21 
146,000.00 
1.75% 
-2.103.101.87 
116.800 00 
1.75% 
-3,842,862 40 
887,680 00 
43,842,862.40 
$887,680.00 
Page 6 of 15 
Ravadt.tollore 
EmyYesSimeNCI7 
040ARMIOCOMMUNCATIONS 
EXCLUENCE 
Cleats Ihrtwgh Pena LLC. • wholly {waled 
sulnliary of The Bakal New Yeti Mellon 
Corporation (WY Mellon) 
Pershrtz LLC. mart& 'URA NYSE Si PC 
DB-SDNY-0083168 
SDNY_GM_00229352 
EFTA01383460

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383461.pdf
----------------------------------------
151 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DO LLA RS (continued) 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW 
Unrealized 
Estimated Estimated 
Dete Acquired  
Quantity 
Unit Cop 
Cod WS 
Market  Price  
Merkel Value  
 Gainless  
Annual Income
Yield 
EQUITIES (continued) 
Common Stocks (continued) 
BIOGEN IDEC INC COM 
Security Identifier: 0116 
Dividend Option: Cash 
CUSP. 09062X63 
02/14/12 t 3 
2,095.000 
110.2720 
231,019.65 
333.7800 
699.269.10 
468,249.45 
2CENTENEOOPP DEL COM 
Security Wentifw: CNC 
Dividend Option: Cash 
CUSIP 61358111 
09/08/14 
15,550.000 
63.6450 
989.67915 
130.5700 
2.030.363,50 
1,040,683.75 
KARYOPHARM THERAPEUTICS INC COM 
Security Identifier: KPTI 
Dividend Oplion: Cash 
CUSP. 485761106 
07/12/18 
25,000.000 
18.6840 
467.106 00 
4700 
211 750 00 
-255,356.00  
Total Common Stocks 
$62,968.600.98 
563.805.559 56 
$836,958.58 
$1,369,257.31 
Preferred Stocks (Listed by expiration date) 
GMAC CAP TR 1610 TR PFD SECSMR 2 CM-
Security Identifier: ALLY PRA 
8125% FREOORTLY MATY-02/15/2040 CALL 
CUSP: 361660208 
ANYTIME 125 W/30 DAYS BEGINS 02/6/E 
Dividend Option: Cash 
02122112 
80,000.000 
23.5350 
1,882,773.60 
26.1100 
2.088.800.00 
206,026.40 
163,568.48 
7.63% 
Total Preferred Stocks 
$1,882,773.60
$2,068,800.00  
$206,026.40 
$163,568.48 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
$64,851,374.58 
$65.894.359.56 
31,042,984.98 
$1,532.825.79 
TOTAL U.S. DOLLARS 
EURO 
Description 
Cod Basis 
588,909,151.66 
Quantity 
Opening 
Balance 
Market Value 
$89,003,290.61 
Unrealized 
Gain:Loss 
Closing 
Balance Currency 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Global Cash Balance 
0.00 
42.57 
EUR 
.4884 
USD 
Account Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
mx0..e0vr t.tetercer 4 
Awned 
Interest 
Minded 
Annual Income 
$94,138.95 
$354,473.83 
83,108,879.11 
Accrued 
Income 
Day 
Yield 
Page 7 of 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDKE 
MISR Meech Pin
 UC. owlish owned 
subtle:run of The BIS °Mew Yort Man 
Comer/Mon (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083169 
SDNY_GM_00229353 
EFTA01383461

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383462.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383462.pdf
----------------------------------------
Port o;:0 Holdings (continued) 
EURO (continued) 
Description 
Nuttily 
Opening 
Balsa 
Dosing 
Balance Outing 
Accrued 
Income 
30•Day 
Yield 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS (continued) 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
0.00 
-42.57 
EUR 
-48.84 
USD 
0.00 
0.00 
Accrued 
Estimated "Estimated 
Destaiption 
Cluanlity 
Market Price 
Mattel Value Currency 
Interest 
Annual Income 
Yield 
FIXED INCOME (In Maturity Date Sequence) 
Corporate Bonds 
CASINO, GUICHARD•PERRACHON 
2,500,000.000 
99.6100 
2,490,250.00 
EUR 
53,729.18 
110,175.00 
4.42% 
SA ISINI FROO 11301480 
4.407% 08106/S REG DTD 08/03/2 
Moody Ratiag Sa1S6 P Rating 68 
Snot Idadifier: Fit OLCN4 
Total Corporate Bonds: 
2,500,000.000 
2,851,063.83 
USD 
2,490,250.00 
EUR 
61,643.49 
53,129.18 
126,403.18 
110,115.00 
2,857,063.83 
USD 
61,643.49 
126,403.78 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
2,500,000.000 
2,490,250.00 
EUR 
53,729 18 
110,175.00 
2,851,063.83 
USD 
Merkel Value Currency 
643 49 
Accrued 
Interest
126,403.78 
&knded 
Annul Income 
TOTAL EURO 
2,490,207.43 
EUR 
53.729 18 
110,175.00 
HONG KONG DOLLAR 
Opening 
Desaiption 
OunlNy 
Bala. 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Global Cash Balance 
183,242.25 
183,242.25 IUD 
23,353.31 
USD 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
183,242.25 
183,242.25 FWD 
23,353.31 USD 
2,851,014.99 USD 
Closing 
Balance Wang 
61,643.49 
128,403.78 
Accrued 
30-Day 
Income 
Yield 
Market Value Currency 
183,242.25 HKD 
23,353.31 USD 
0.00 
0.00 
Accrued 
Interest 
TOTAL HONG KONG DOLLAR 
0.00 
0.00 
Page 6 o115 
Account Number: NIG-023804 
6:Ensafron: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
SNOUT ICILIVIRY 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. a wholly *ad 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yore Macs 
Comer/Mon (BNY Melon) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083170 
SDNY GM_00229354 
EFTA01383462

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383463.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383463.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
JA PA N ESE YEN 
Description 
Ouretily 
Opening 
Balance 
Ocieing 
Balance Correnq 
Accrued 
30•Day 
Income 
Yield 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Global Cash Balance 
49.00 
49.00 
JPY 
-0.45 
USD 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
49.00 
49.00 
JPY 
0.00 
-0.45 
USD 
Merkel Value Curtner 
000 
Acaued 
Inlaid 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
TOTAL JA PA NESE YETI 
49.00 
JPY 
0.00 
-0.45 
USO 
0.00 
Total Portfolio Holdings - U.S. DOLLARS 
Unrealized 
Acaued 
Estimated 
  Oast Bat  
Markel Value 
Gain Loss 
Interest  
Annual Income 
$88,909,151.88 
591,883,858.48 
$94.138.95 
$418,117.32 
$3,235,282.89 
Noncovered under the cost basis rules as defined below. 
Generally, securities acquired before 2011, in retirement accounts or held by Non-U.S. entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 
1988, as amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008. and are marked as" noncovered". Securities marked as "covered". were identified as securities potentially 
subject to the cost basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRS on form 1399-B for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 10998, the cost 
basis will not be reported to the IRS. 
Cost Basis on fixed income securities may be adjusted for amortization, accretion, original issue discount adjustments, or principal paydowns. The calculation is based upon the 
taxpayer election, type of fixed income security, and certain attributes, obtained from sources believed to be reliable. In the event, one or more of these attributes is changed, there may 
be a temporary incorrect adjusted cost basis reflected until the cost basis system is amended to reflect this change. These calculations will not be performed under certain 
circumstances, including those involving foreign bonds, bonds sold short or bonds issued with less than one year to maturity. This information is meant as a general guide and you 
should consult your tax advisor in the preparation of your tax returns. 
A corporate action is occurring for this security. Please review the Corporate Action Events Not Vet Processed section of your statement for more details. 
The cod basis of this security has been provided to us by you or your introducing firm and Pershing makes no representation as to the accuracy of this information. 
Pershing has received updated cost basis information, therefore cost basis provided on previous Went brokerage statements may differ from the new cod basis reported in this section. 
t3 The cost basis of this security has been provided to us by the delivering firm or transferring agent and Pershing makes no representation as fo the accuracy of this information. 
Account Number 
6: I :91C417:11) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 9 of 15 
Go paperless 
MX MOW banivtirt 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
070BAR RATIO COMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELIDKE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly *ad 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mellon 
Comeration (INY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. mutt( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083171 
SDNY_GM_00229355 
EFTA01383463

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383464.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383464.pdf
----------------------------------------
Holdings Summary by Currency 
currency  
 Qtab  
Fixed income  
Equities  
Total by Currency 
U.S. COLLARS 
314,247 
22.794,683 
65,894,359 
003290 USD 
EURO 
2,490,250 
2.490.207 
EUR 
HONG KONG DOLLAR 
183,242 
183,242 HKD 
JAPANESE YEN 
JPY 
Total USD Equivalent 
337,551 
651,747 
65,894,359 
91,883,658 USD 
% of Allocation 
1% 
28% 
71% 
100% 
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for which a price is not available are marked "NJ A" and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PRICE DATEONLY APPEARS W HEN THEPRICEDATEDOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE. 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Option Disclosure 
Information with respect to commissions and other charges incurred in connection with the execution of option transactions has been included in confirmations previously furnished 
to you. A summary of this information is available to you promptly upon your written request directed to your introducing firm. In order to assist your introducing firm in maintaining 
current background and financial information concerning your option accounts, please promptly advise them in writing of any material change in your investment objectives or 
financial situation. Expiring options which are valuable are exercised automatically pursuant to the exercise by exception procedure of the Options Clearing Corporation. Additional 
information regarding this procedure is available upon written request to your introducing firm. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 118, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Page 10 of 15 
Account Number: 
s:c:simone 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
way, MINIM' 4 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELLENCE 
Marts through Penabos UM. • wholly amid 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yore Melee 
Corieration 0001 M0000 
PCISrat LLC. merit( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083172 
SDNY GM_00229358 
EFTA01383464

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383465.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383465.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Hof t`,0 0 
dings D'scosures (continued) 
January 1, 20 19 - January 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Ratings 
This statement may contain credit rating information obtained from Standard & Poor's. Reproducing and distributing any information received from Standard & Poor's Is not permitted 
without prior written authorization from Standard & Poor's. Standard & Poor's does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information. Standard & 
Poor's is not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause, or for the results of using such content. Standard & Poor's makes no express or implied warranties 
including warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Standard & Poor's shall not be legally responsible for any fees, costs, expenses or losses in connection with 
the use of their content. Credit ratings are opinions and not statements of facts; are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities; and do not address suitability for 
investment purpose. Credit ratings should not be relied upon as investment advice. 
M essages 
Important Reminder for Pershing's 2018 IRSForm 1399 (8, DIV, INT, M ISC and OID): As a reminder, by February 15,2019, you will be mailed either your Form 1099 or a special 
Pending 1099 Notice. The Pending 1099 Notice will be sent if we have not received and processed final information from issuers and trustees of securities you hold by the as of date of 
the February 15 1099 mailing. You will also be sent the notice if your information is still being reviewed and finalized. The notice will inform you of the securities that are pending final 
reporting and provides the anticipated mail date of your 1399. Your 1399 will be mailed no later than M arch 15,2019. 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at S1per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10b-$3(b)(1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
SJ.nmary 
. 4 
CreditstrisPeriod 
Detes7hIsPerted 
Net ThIsPeilod
Credits Year-to-Date  
DebtleYeer-to-tele 
Net Yea-to-Date
Dividends and Interest 
$210,317.04 
$0.00 
$210,317.04 
$210,317.04 
$0.00 
$210,317.04 
Fees 
$0 00 
42.00 
42.00 
$0.00 
42.00 
42.00 
Other 
00 
448.38 
448.38 
$0.00 
448.38 
448.38 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
4.000.000.00 
4,000,000.00 
0.00 
4,000,000.00 
4.000.000.00 
Total Cash 
$0 00 
000.000.00 
48,000,000.00 
$0.00 
48,000,000.00 
000 000 00 
Totals 
5210.317 04 
000,050.38 
47,789,733.34 
$210,317.04 
48,000,050.38 
47.789.733.34 
Page 11 of 15 
Account Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
AIX AtOuT (.010MY 4 
Rated Eitelloni 
Emy Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOWAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
Marrs through Pmabos LILC.awholly ~id 
subtle:run al The BIS al Ni. York Mae 
Comoration OINY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. mente, AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083173 
SDNY_GM_00229357 
EFTA01383465

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383466.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383466.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transactions by Type of Activity 
Process 
Trade,
Settlement 
Transaction 
Dale 
Dale 
Activity Type 
DesaiptIon 
Quantity 
Price 
Accrued interest 
Amount Currency 
Dividends and Interest 
01/15/19 
BOND INTEREST RECEIVED 
3000000 DELA INTER LLD/ DMA RN INCGTD FIRST 
160,000.00 
USD 
3052RAA9 
PRIORITY SR SECD NT 144A t000% 07/5/23 WE DID 07/12/17 
CLB RD 12/31P0 0 /15/1 
01125/19 
CASH DIVIDEND RECEIVED 
25000 SHRSGENIRAL ELECTRIC CO COM RD 2/20 PD 012511 
250.00 
USD 
GE 
01/30/19 
CASH DIVIDEND RECEIVED 
.Fil ORGAN CHASE& 00 DEP SHSREPSTG /10TH PFD SERI 
-3.600.000.000 
55,112.40 
USD 
46625'01AI 
5.990% 04/23158 WE RD 0/29 PD 0/30/1 INT PAID AT 5.309 
3600000 
01/31119 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
CASH AC TR OWSGOVT 
4,954.64 
USD 
INCOME RECEIVED 
PER232045 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
210,317.04 
Fees 
01102/19 
FOREIGN CUSTODY FEE 
Fon Safekeeping DEC 201 CUSIP: FUJI-CH-4 
4.00 
USD 
NSD999997 
Total Fees - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
-2.00 
Other Transactions 
01/22/19 01/19/19 FREE CREDIT BALAnICE 
EURO CURRENCY FREE CREDIT BALANCE INTEREST CHARGE 
42.57 
EUR 
INTEREST CHARGE 
FREE CREDIT INT CHRG 12.204 T001.1-13 FOR CUSTOM ER 
48.38 
USD 
EUR999995 
ACCOUNT 
Total Other Transactions - EURO 
0.00 
42.57 
Total USD Equivalent 
0.00 
48.38 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
01110/19 
FEDERAL FUNDSKW 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
8,000,000.00 
USO 
US0999991
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits - U S DOLLARS 
0.00 
-8,000,000.00 
Transactions Summary 
Total Accrued Interest 
Total Amount 
Qrrency 
Total Accrued Interest 
USD Equivalent 
TotalAmount 
USD Equivalent 
EURO 
0.00 
42.57 
EUR 
000 
48.38 
U S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
-7,789 684 96 
USD 
0.00 
-7.789.684.96 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded. 
Page 12 of 15 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Account Number: NU 
mcsmannt: 
Go paperless 
snow HAM M 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELIDKE 
cu ISR through Penabos UM. a wholly awed 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yore Melee 
Comer/Mon (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083174 
SDNY GM_00229358 
EFTA01383466

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383467.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Corporate Action Events N.,t Yet Processed 
Security 
Securities Not Yet Received 
CENTER E CORP DEL COM 
Total Securities Not Yet Received 
The above information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable. All items are subject to receipt. 
January 1, 2019 - January 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Brent Type 
Bc-DivIdend 
Ceirlbution 
Event ID 
Date 
Date 
Ouantily Held 
Rate 
Event Guiltily 
(Caen( Pike 
Markel Value 
STOCK SPUT 
02107119 
02111119 
DANDWOOOLZA 
15,550.000 
1.0000000 
15.550.0000 
0000 
0.00 
ice 
• 
Bond Quality 
Bone Quality 
%or Bond 
Market Value 
Markel Value 
Percent of Fixed income 
A 
1,676.451.00 
7% 
BA A 
6,441,600.00 
25% 
BA! Lower 
16,690,696.33 
65% 
Not Rated 
843.000.00  
3% 
Total 
25,651,747.33 
100% 0 
100 
Bond Maturity Schedule 
Bond Maturity 
Mr° 6 months 
El 7 to V months 
IM 'Ito 5 years 
j6 to 10 years 
MOver 10.y.lars 
Total 
$0.00 
% of Bond 
Market Value 
Markel Value 
985,000.00 
4% 
2,857,06313 
11% 
3,000,000.00 
12% 
2,956,080.00 
12% 
15,853,603.50  
61% 
25,651,747.33 
100% 
Percentages of bond market values are rounded to the nearest whole percentage. 
Bond quality ratings reflect Moody's or Standard and Poor's ratings. Bonds may be rated by other services. Bonds that are in default are not included Please refer to your Portfolio 
Holdings section. 
Your Investment Spedalist ZEN 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 10 154 
forted Informallon 
Telephone Number.
Amount Number N 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
mx04.0o7 t.tetivrwf 4 
Page 13 of 15 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELIDKE 
Cost R through Penabos UM. • wholly ~id 
subsifurey of The as
 Ni. Yore Melba 
Comeration OM Melon) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083175 
SDNY_GM_00229359 
EFTA01383467

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383468.pdf
----------------------------------------
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount  in income annuetly;  
No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
O Statements and Reports 
O 
Trade Confirmations 
O 
Tax Documents 
C
O
Notifications 
O 
Prospectus 
• 
Proxy/Sbarehokler Communications 
You have not enrolled any of the above documents for electronic delivery Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences 
Important Information and Disclosure: 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCO). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www.pershing.coml about! strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
Page 14 of 15 
Account Number: N 
stEitsarudir 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go per ass 
way, MINIM' 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly need 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Maker 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
Pc.st•ax LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083176 
SDNY GM_00229360 
EFTA01383468

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383469.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Important Information and Disclosures (continued) 
January 1,2019 - January 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW 
The Role of Pershing (continued) 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department. 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time lim its for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
( Ill) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department. One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. 
Page 15 of 15 
Account NumberNIG-013801 
mcsmanott: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MX MOUT t.1:411V 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly ~id 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Melba 
Comeration OM Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083177 
SDNY_GM_00229361 
EFTA01383469

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383470.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1 7 76, Baltimore, MD 21203 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM AS VI 00802 
O,uu i.:he tank 11.4.11.0 W.10111Mia•al.t.1 
44•I• “IIP•4016, 011P 
Devikto Bonk 
New Ycelc Office 
S Pitt Annum. nth Floor 
New Its 
NY 
loll Fret 
Wen 
February 1,2019 - Februar 28 2019 
Account Number: 
to oat a Gari,e 
ThisPerlod 
  Yea4o-Date 
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINNINGACCOUNT VALUE 
$91,883,658.46 
$94,404,553.11 
MARTIN ZEM AN 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
-11,892,834.15 
-19,892,834.15 
Net *utiles In/Out of Account  
 -43.952x355.75 
952.355.75
Adjusted Previous Account value 
36,038,468.56 
30,559,363.21 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
602,145.33 
812,462.37 
Other Transactions 
-2.00 
.62.38 
Net Chan e in Portfolio' 
2,335,319.60 
7,601,158.29 
Estimated Annual Income 
5665.952.93 
Asset Summary 
'Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
Percent 
Aseet Type 
Prior Year-End 
Lad Period 
This Period 
1% 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
8,127,337.23 
337,551.57 
190,331.49 
99% 
Equities 
61,283,745.18 
65,894,359.56 
38,785,600.00 
0%  
Fixed Income 
  24.993.470.70  
25.651.747.33  
0.00 
100% 
Account Total 
$94,404,553.11 
$91,883,658.46 
$38,975,931.49 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
Go paperless 
AIX 04OUT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 1 of VS 
Rated Excellent 
(my Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCEUDK( 
Cleats Meech Pentabet U.C. • wholly awed 
subsifun of The BIS as Ni. Yost Wk. 
Comer/Mon (BNY Mellen) 
PtiSfira U.C. mutter AURA. NYSE S1PC 
DB-SDNY-0083178 
SDNY_GM_00229362 
EFTA01383470

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383471.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383471.pdf
----------------------------------------
Summary of Gains and Losses 
This Period 
Rereizos 
Yer4o•Date 
Unrealized 
Short-Term Gain! Loss 
-132A36.95 
-132.436.95 
-2,516,898.77 
Long-Term Gain/ Loss 
314.042.71 
314.042.71 
 447 403.2 
Net Gain/ Loss 
181,605.76 
181,605.76 
-2,069,895.35 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis information is not available. 
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced' negative interest rates° . Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 13 99 and/ or 10 42 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may, in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements, begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
exchange Ra,e Tabe 
Currency 
EURO 
1.1386 
0.8782 
HONG KONG DOLLAR 
0.1273 
7.8496 
APANESE YEN 
0.0089 
111.3000 
Exchange rates are based on interbank exchange rates as of 02/ 28/ 2019. Exchange 
rates can vary. 
Currency 
USO Equivalent 
per USD 
Money= Market Fund De,,a ' 
Dale 
Activity Type 
Sweep Money Market Fund 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT 8 AG INSTL 
Current Yield: 2.3% Activity Ending: 02/ 28! 19 
Description 
Amount 
  Baler ce 
02101/19 
Opening Balance 
314247.55 
314,247.55 
02104/19 
Withdrawal 
MONEY FUND REDEMPTION 
-2.00 
314,245.55 
02/06/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
93,750.00 
407,995.55 
02/07/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
1,979,77619 
2,387,772.54 
02108/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
4,080,228.72 
6,468,001.26 
02/11/19 
Withdrawal 
MONEY FUND REDEMPTION 
4300,012.80 
5,867,988.46 
02113/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
6,229,511.19 
12,097,499.65 
02114119 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
96,235.04 
12,193,734.69 
02115119 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
221,920.00 
12,415,654.69 
02119/19 
Withdrawal 
MONEY FUND REDEMPTION 
-12,415,654.69 
0.00 
02/19119 
Withdrawal 
SHARES REDEEMED 
1,893.84 
4193.84 
02119/19 
Deposit 
ACCRUED DIVIDEND CREDIT 
6,893.84 
0.00 
&comet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
ASRAIOUT 001INOW 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
070BAR MEW COMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELLENCE 
Page 2 of 15 
MISR Meech Penabos UM. a wholly awed 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yore Melee 
Coryeration (BNY Melon) 
PCISrat LLC. mutt( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083179 
SDNY GM_00229383 
EFTA01383471

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383472.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Money Market - u drSe:a (continued) 
February 1,2019 - February 28,2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW 
Dale 
Activity Type 
Sweep Money Market Fund (continued) 
CASH AC TR DWSGOVT It AG INSTL (continued) 
Description 
Mown 
 Balance 
02120/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
42,939.12 
42,939.12 
02128119 
Deposit 
INCOM E REINVEST 
24.45 
42.963.57 
02128119 
Closing Balance 
542.963.57
Total All Money Market Funds 
$42 963.57 
ncorne and Expense Summary 
Current Period 
Yemdo•Date 
Taxable 
Non Taxable 
Taxable 
Non Taxable 
Dividend Income 
Equities 
221,920.00 
000 
222,170.00 
0.00 
Money Market 
8,918.29 
0.00 
11,872.93 
0.00 
Other Dividends 
89,250.00 
0.00 
144,362.40 
0.00 
Interest Income 
Bond Interest 
93,750.00 
0.00 
243,750.00 
0.00 
Other Interest 
429939_12 
0.00 
939.12 
0.00 
Total Dividends, Interest, Income and Expenses 
$454,777.41 
50.00 
5665,094.45 
$0.00 
Distributions 
Alternative Investments 
0.00 
147.367 92 
0.00 
147,367.92 
Other Distributions  
0.00 
 0.00 
48.38 
0.00 
Total Distributions 
$0.00 
$147,367.92 
448.38 
$147,367.92 
Portfolio Holdings 
U.S. DOLLARS 
Account 
Activity 
Opening 
Ching 
Accrued 
Income 
3O-Day 
Coment 
Opening Dote 
Quantity 
Number 
Boding 
Balance 
Bianca 
Income 
ThisYear 
Yield 
Yield 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Margin Balance 
0.00 
147,367.92 
Account Number: N 
632%6MIDS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
mx04.0o7 t.tetivOrf 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELIDKE 
Page 3 of 
Cleats through Penabos UM. a wholly awed 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mak. 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083180 
SDNY_GM_00229364 
EFTA01383472

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383473.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DOLLARS (continued) 
Accoul 
Activity 
Opening Dale  
Cluantky 
  Number 
 Biding 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS (continued) 
Money Market 
CASH AC TR DWS GOVT & AG INSTL 
Opening 
Balance  
Closing 
Balance  
Accrued 
Income  
Income 
 ibleYear 
30.Day 
Current 
Yield 
Yield 
02101/19 
 42/61570 
NIA 
02/28/19 
  314,247.55  
  42.96317  
  0.00 
11,872.93 
2.31% 
2.31% 
Total m 0 my a r ket  
$314,247.55 
$42,963.57 
$0.00 
$11,872.93
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
$314,247.55 
$190,331.49 
$0.00 
$11,872.93 
Uetelized 
Estimated Ealimated 
Dale Aspired 
Quantity 
Unit Cod 
Cod Bads 
Markel Price 
Mall Value 
03Inibis 
Annul Income 
Yield 
EQUITIES 
Common Stooks 
APPLE INC 0011 
&tinily Identifier:44Ft 
Dividend Option: Cash 
CUSP: 037833t0 
12/07/17 
34.000.000 
169.8140 
5,773,680.35 
173.1500 
5,887,099.83 
113,419.48 
99,280.00 
1.68% 
12107/17 " 2 
100,000.000 
169.8140 
16,981,416.00 
173.1500 
17,314,99914 
333,583.94 
292,000.00 
1.68% 
06/20118 
50,000.000 
186.7940 
0,339,607.00 
173.1500 
8,657,500.17 
482,196.83 
146,000.00 
118% 
10/15/18 
40,000.000 
219.0180 
8,760,702.00 
173.1500 
026,000.06 
-1,834,701.94 
116,800.00 
1.68% 
Total Covered 
224,000.000 
40,855,495.35 
38,785,600.00 
-2,089,895.35 
654,080.00 
Total  
224,000.000 
 $40,855,495.35 
138,785,600.00  
42,069,895.35
$654,080.00 
Total Common Stocks 
 $40,855,495.35 
$38,785,600.00 
42,069,895.35 
$854,080.00 
TOTAL EQUITIES 
$40,855,495.35 
$38,785,600.00 
42,069,895.35 
Unrealized 
Monied 
$654,080.00 
alimaled 
Cod Basis 
Markel Yin 
Gainaoss 
Mined 
Annual Income 
TOTAL U.S. DOLLARS 
841,045,826.84 
138.975.931.49 
42,069,895.35 
$0.00 
$665,952.93 
EURO 
Opening 
Cluing 
Accrued 
30•Day 
petulance 
Owing 
Balance 
Bohm Connor 
Income 
'field 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Global Cash Balance 
2 57 
0.00 
EUR 
0.00 
USD 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS. AND BANK DEPOSITS 
42.57 
0.00 
EUR 
0.00 
0.00 
USD 
0.00 
Acaued 
Markel Value QIIIIDC7 
Inlered 
TOTAL EURO 
0.00 
EUR 
0.00 
0.00 USD 
0.00 
Page 4 of 
Amount Number
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
SNOUT 401INNY 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDKE 
Cleats Weeugh Penabos UC. • wholly 0'1, 44 
subsidurey of The Bakal New Yort Mellon 
Comer/Mon (WY Melon) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083 18 1 
SDNY_GM_00229365 
EFTA01383473

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383474.pdf
----------------------------------------
151 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
HONG KONG DOLLAR 
Description 
Opening 
Oeenlrly 
Salina 
Closing 
Balance Currency 
Acaved 
30•Dey 
Income 
Yield 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Global Cash Balance 
183,242.25 
0.00 
HKD 
0.00 
USD 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
183.242 25 
0.00 HKD 
0.00 
0.00 
USD 
00 
Accrued 
Markel Value Canna 
Inlaid 
TOTAL HONG KONG DOLLAR 
February 1, 2019 - February 28, 2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
JAPAN ESE Y EN 
0.00 HKD 
0.00 
0.00 USD 
0.00 
Opening 
Goring 
Acaued 
30-Dey 
DesallIon 
Ovallly 
Balance  
Baloney Canna 
Income 
Yield
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
Global Cash Balance 
49.00 
0.00 
JPY 
0.00 
USD
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
49.00 
0.00 
JPY 
0.00 
0.00 
USD 
0.00 
Accrued 
Market Value ()mercy 
TOTALJAPANESEYEN 
0.00 
JPY 
0.00 
0.00 USD 
0.00 
Unrealized 
Acaued 
Edimated 
  Cost Bans 
Markel Value 
Gainaoss 
Interest 
Annual Income 
Total Portfolio Holdings - U.S. DOLLARS 
341.045.826 84 
$38.975.931.49 
42,089,895.35 
$0.00 
$865.952.93 
Account Number: N 
632%earA DS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
AIX AtOUT t.Cdtivtorr 
Page 5 of 16 
Rated Excellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCEUDKE 
Cleats Meech Penabet U.C. • whelly awed 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Wet Make 
Corporation (BNY Melon) 
Parma LLC. motto( MLR& NYSE S1PC 
DB-SDNY-0083182 
SDNY_GM_00229 366 
EFTA01383474

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383475.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383475.pdf
----------------------------------------
.oldings (continued) 
Generally, securities acquired before 201t in retirement accounts or held by Non-U.S. entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 
1988, as amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, and are marked as " noncovered". Securities marked as "covered', were identified as securities potentially 
subject to the cost basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRSon form 1099-9 for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 1099B, the cost 
basis will not be reported to the IRS. 
The cost basis of this security has been provided to us by you or your introducing firm and Pershing makes no representation as to the accuracy of thisinformation. 
Pershing has received updated cost basis information, therefore cost basis provided on previous client brokerage statements may differ from the new cost basis reported in this section. 
HOiditisgSambmarf by Gyre Icy 
Currency  
ON  
Equities  
Totalby  Currency 
U.S DOLLARS 
190,331 
38.785,600 
38,975,931 USD 
EURO 
EUR 
HONG KONG DOLLAR 
HKD 
APANESE YEN  
JPY 
Total USD Equivalent 
190,331 
38.785.600 
38.975.931 USD 
% of Allocation 
1% 
99% 
100% 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices, unless otherwise noted, have been obtained from independent vendor services, which we believe to be reliable. Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for which a price is not available are marked "Ni A" and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PPICEDATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THEPRICEDATEDOESNOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income ( EA I) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are com puted using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.coml disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order now. 
Page 6 of 
Account Number:NIG-023804 
6:E206.0071 DS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go pxrIess 
AU MOW 1-011NOW 4 
Rated twellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
070BAR RATED COMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. a wholly awed 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Melba 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. mutt( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083183 
SDNY_GM_00229367 
EFTA01383475

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383476.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383476.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
ijoft Lo. o o dings Disc osur es (continued) 
February 1,2019 - February 28,2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Option Disclosure 
Information with respect to commissions and other charges incurred in connection with the execution of option transactions has been included in confirmations previously furnished 
to you. A summary of this information is available to you promptly upon your written request directed to your introducing firm. In order to assist your introducing firm in maintaining 
current background and financial information concerning your option accounts, please promptly advise them in writing of any material change in your investment objectives or 
financial situation. Expiring options which are valuable are exercised automatically pursuant to the exercise by exception procedure of the Options Clearing Corporation. Additional 
information regarding this procedure is available upon written request to your introducing firm. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 1%, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
zed Gans aid Losses Current Pet al 
Date 
Date 
Realized 
Description 
DIw≥Ied  
Acquired
Designation 
Cisposition Method; Transaction 
Quantity 
Proceeds 
Cast Gaut 
dMlLou  
Short Term 
EUROCURRENCY 
02/07/19 
02107119 
Noircoverei 
First In First Out 1 SELL 
588 881.950 
934 083 47 
2.939.157 68 
-5.074.21 
Security Identifier: EUR999995 
02/11/19 
02107119 
Noncovereic 
First In First Oul BUY 
570 
25 
48.03 
0.22 
Total 
2588,839.380 
2,934,131.72 
2,939,205.71 
-5,073.99 
CASINO, GUICHARD-PER 
02107/19 
09112/18 
Covered 
first In First Out! SELL 
2,500,000.000 
2,874,437.69 
2,907,743.60 
-33,305.91 
'SINS FR001001480 4.407%08/0 
6/S REG DTD 08/03/12 
Security Identifier: Flt3LCH4 
Original Cost Basis: 2,907,743.60 
HONG KONG DOLLAR CUR 
02114/19 
06/01/18 
Noncovered' 
first In First Out I SBA. 
113,600.000 
14,478 71 
14,475 39 
3.32 
Security Identifier: HKD999999 
02114/19 
06105118 
Noncoverei 
First In First Oul !SBA 
69.642 250 
8,876.15 
8,872 53 
3.62 
Total 
183.242 250 
23,354.86 
23.347 92 
6.94 
Account Numbu: 
EEM6..IFTD* 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MOUE t.CCIVUrf 
Rated ntellent 
Every Year since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71O75 
EXCELIDICE 
Page 7 of 16 
Marts through Pentabos UM. • wholly *ad 
subsifun of The Bakal Ni. York Mellon 
Corporation 
MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083184 
SDNY_GM_00229368 
EFTA01383476

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383477.pdf
----------------------------------------
Schedule of Realized Gains and Losses Current Period (continued) 
Dale 
Dale 
Realized 
Description 
Disposed  
Acquired 
Designation 
CMposition Method Transaction 
Ouaniiiy  
Proceeds 
Col Basis 
 Gsinrioss 
Short Term (continued) 
SLPANESE YEN CURRBIC 
02/11/19 
06/19/18 
Noncovered' 
Fist In First Out !BUY 
49.000 
0.45 
0.44 
0.01 
Secslily Identifier: )Y999993 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG NTS 
02111/19 
06101/18 
Covered 
Rrst In First Out! SEI.I. 
1.000.000.000 
878,474.00 
917,776.00 
-39,302.00 
625AM33 4 296%05124/289E 
Adjustment: 4,381$ Adjustment Type: R 
DTO 05/24/13CLB 
Original Cost Basis: 911,776.00 
Security Identifier: 25525AM3 
DEUTSCHE BK AG N Y 
02/11/19 
06101/18 
Covered 
Ant In First Out !SELL 
1,000,000.000 
813,494 00 
868,256.00 
.54,762.00 
NIUS151526BN89 4975%12/013 
Adjustment: 3,989.13 Adjustment Type: R 
8/EDTD VOIRCLB 
Original Cost Basis: 868256.00 
Security Identifier: 25526BN8 
Total Short Term 
523,892 72 
7,656,329.67 
.132 436 95 
Long Term 
CENTENECORP DEL COM 
02/05/19 
09108114 
Covered 
first In First Out! SELL 
15,550.900 
1,979,776.99 
989,679.75 
990 097 24 
Security Identifier: 15135Bt 1 
GENERAL ELEC CO GTD 
02/11/19 
12/03115 
Noncovered' 
Rrst In First Out !SELL 
2,469,000.000 
1,691,259.00 
2,175,016.17 
-483.757 17 
G RT NON-CUMULATIVE PERPETUAL 
Adjustment. 5133.45 Adjustment Type: R 
PREFERRED 4000%4103165 REG 
Original Cosl Basis: 215.0%.17 
Security Identifier: 3896048M4 
SOUTHERN CALIF EDI SO 
02/11/19 
01/30/12 
Noncovered" 
First In First Out /SELL 
3,000,000.000 
2,804,994.00 
2,997,291.36 
,192,297.36 
SERE 6250%0911162WEDTO 
Original Cost Basis: 2,992,564.97 
0/17112CLB 
Security Identifier: 842400FU2 
Total Long Term 
6,476,029.99 
6,161,987.28 
314 042 71 
Total Short and Long Term 
13,999,922.71 13,818,318.95 
181.605 76 
Noncovered under the cost basis rules as defined below. 
Generally, securities acquired before 2011, in retirement accounts or held by Non-U.S. entities are not subject to the cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of in, as 
amended by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, and are marked as "noncovered". Securities marked as "covered". were identified as securities potentially subject to the cost 
basis reporting rules and may be reported to the IRS on form 1099.B for the applicable tax year in which the securities are disposed. 
Note: In the event where we cannot easily determine the taxability of an account, we may mark the account as noncovered. However, if the account does not receive a 1099B, the cost basis 
will not be reported to the IRS. 
This Schedule may not reflect all cost basis adjustments necessary for tax reporting purposes, especially for noncovered securities. Adjustments to cost basis may have been made for prior 
income received and subsequently reclassified by the issuer as a return of capital. In addition, corporate action events may require adjustments to your original cost basis. Return of capital 
information and cost basis information, as it relates to corporate actions, has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable. 
Adjustments to cost basis can be made after year-end, in particular, for return of capital adjustments, but may also include adjustments for corporate action events. Therefore there may be 
differences in cost basis reflected on your monthly client brokerage statement at year end versus any subsequent reports, including your 1099-B or online displays you may have available to 
you. 
Page a of 113 
Account Number: RIG-013804 
6:L2%6,1MDS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperiess 
AIX MOW 14)11.NW 4 
Road ticellent 
Every Year Since2007 
OALBAR MITOCOMIAVNICA1104 
EXCELLDKE 
ClurtsthroushRineill.Cantityamd 
subskrom of The Bo4 ol 114 NM 114on 
Cmorabon (BNY Mellon) 
Pa shr° LLC. ~bet FINRA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083185 
SDNY_GM_00229369 
EFTA01383477

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383478.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383478.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Schedu e of Rea zed Gans and Losses Curren Period (continued) 
February 1,2019 - February 28,2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
When you report your cost basis on your tax return, it should be verified using all of your own records. In particular, there may be other adjustments which you need to make, but are not 
required to be made by Pershing as it relates to H.R. 1424. You should consult with your tax advisor in order to properly report your gain or loss for tax purposes. Pershing shall not be 
responsible for and makes no representations or warranties with respect to the accuracy of any information that you report to the IRS or other taxing authorities, and, accordingly, disclaims 
any and all liability that may arise with respect to your use and reliance on the information provided herein for such reporting. 
Cost Basis on fixed income securities may be adjusted for amortization, accretion, original issue discount adjustments, or principal payd owns. The calculation is based upon the taxpayer 
election, type of fixed income security, and certain attributes, obtained from sources believed to be reliable. In the event, one or more of these attributes is changed. there may be a temporary 
incorrect adjusted cost basis reflected until the cost basis system is amended to reflect this change. These calculations will not be performed under certain circumstances, including those 
involving foreign bonds, bonds sold short or bonds issued with less than one year to maturity. This information is meant as a general guide and you should consult your tax advisor in the 
preparation of your tax returns. 
The cost basis of this security has been provided fo us by you or your introducing firm and Pershing makes no representation as to the accuracy of this information. 
R Reportable Income - This adjustment is the deferred market discount on a disposed fax lot from the Original Settle Date. 
Please refer to the Your Account Information Section in your brokerage account statement for your account's existing tax-lot disposition method. The disposition method is the method which 
you have selected to use in the disposal of each tax lot of the securities held in your account. If you do not select a method, your account will be defaulted to First In, First Out (FIFO). Your 
account's selected tax lot method will be used to determine the cost basis for calculating gain and/ or loss, unless another method was selected at the time of the security disposal, and this may 
be reported on the IRS Form 1099-B. 
A essages 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at 51 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10 b-10 (b)( 1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Int=a121r 
I 
Securities 
Credits This 
This Period 
DebitsThis Period 
Net ThisPetiod  
Credits YeaMo•Date 
Debits Yen-to-Dale 
Net Yen-to-Dale 
Securities Bought 
0.00 
-48.47 
-48.47 
0.00 
-48.47 
-48.47 
Securities Sold 
14,106,029.24 
0.00 
14,106,029.24 
14,106,029.24 
0.00 
14,106,029.24 
Securdies Withdrawn 
0.00 
-71,198,985.15 
41,198,985.75 
0.00 
-71,198,985.75 
-71,198,985.75 
Sociales Deposited 
27,246,630.00 
0.00 
27,246,630.00 
27,246,630.00 
0.00 
27,246,630.00 
Total Securities 
$41,352,659.24 
471,199,034.22 
429,846,374.98 
$41,352,659.24 
471,199,034.22 
429,846,374.98 
Dividends and Interest 
$454,777.41 
$0.00 
$454,777.41 
$665,094.45 
$0.00 
$665,094.45 
Distributions 
$147,367.92 
$0.00 
$147,367.92 
$141,367.92 
$0.00 
$147.367.92 
Aoxt rt Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
ARC AlOul t -00iweet 4 
Page 9 of 
Rated [welled 
Every Year Since 2007 
070BAR RATIO COMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly awed 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yore Make 
Comeration (INY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. mutt( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083186 
SDNY_GM_00229370 
EFTA01383478

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383479.pdf
----------------------------------------
Activity Summary (continued) 
Fees 
Other 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
Deposits 
Total Cash 
Totals 
Transactions by Type of Activity 
Process 
Trade,
Settlement 
Transaction 
Date 
Dete 
Activity Type 
Securities Bought and Sold 
02101/19 
92105/19 SOLD 
CNC 
CreditsThisPeriod 
Debits This Period 
Net This Period 
$0 00 
42.00 
00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
0.00 
-16.215.403.55 
-16.215.403 55 
4.322.569.40 
0.00 
4,322,569.40 
$4.322.569.40 
416.215.403 55 
411.892.834.15 
$46,277.373.97 
487,4 14.4 39.77 
1.137.065.80 
CreditsYear-to-Date 
Debits Yeas-to-Date 
$0.00 
$0.00 
0.00 
4.322.569.40 
$4.322.569.40 
$46.487.691.01 
00 
448.38 
-24.215.403.55 
0.00 
424.215.403.55 
-595.414,490.15 
Net Year-to-Date 
44.00 
-548.38 
-24.215.403.55 
4.322.569.40 
419.892.834 15 
448.926.799 14 
Description 
02/11/19 02107/19 SOLD 
02111/19 
02107/19 SOLD 
F14ALCN4 
02113/19 02/11/19 PURCHASED 
02113/19 02/11/19 PURCHASED 
02113/19 02/11/19 SOLD 
DB4009b5 
02113/19 
92111/19 SOLD 
DB457574 
02113/19 92/11/19 SOLD 
6E4317670 
02113/19 02/11/19 SOLD 
DX AA 
02119/19 92/14/19 SOLD 
Total Securities Bought and Sold 
EURO 
TOTAL USD EQUIVALENT 
US DOLLARS 
Quantity 
Price 
Accrued Interest 
Amount Currency 
CENTENE CORP DEL CON WITH DUE BILLS UNSOLICITED 
ORDER AVERAGE UNIT PRICE TRANSACTION YOUR BROKER 
ACTED AS AGENT 
EURO 
CASINO. GUICHARD•PERRACHON SA (SINS FR0011301180 
4407%08/0611 REG DTD 08/03/4 VARIABLE RATE AS OF 
02/07/209 
EURO 
JAPANESE YEN 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG NTS ISINO US25925AM 334296% 
05/24/28 BrE DTD 05724 /13 CLB YID 6023TO MAT 
DEUTSCHE BK AG N Y BRH VAR ISIN5 VS259268989 4.875% 
12/0132 B/E DTD 210117 CLB YID 7.004 TO MAT 
GENERAL ELEC CO GTD FXD-TO-FLTG RT NON-CUMULATIVE 
PERPETUAL PREFERRED 4.000% 2103165 REG DTD 12/03P6 
CLB VARIABLE RATE 
SOUTHERN CALIF EDISON CO PREF SER E 6250% 0117/62 B/E 
DTO 0 I 9/12 CLB VARIABLE RATE 
HONG KONG DOLLAR 
•1í.550.000 
127 3588 
-2,588,924.520 
1.1333 
-2,500 000.000 
101 2750 
42.570 
49.000 
-1.000.000.000 
1283 
110 3495 
8480 
-1,000,000.000 
81.3500 
-2.469,000.000 
68.5000 
-3.000.000.000 
93.5000 
-183.242.250 
7.8460 
57.049.52 
64,768.32 
1.979,776 99 
USD 
2.934,131 72 
2,588.924 52 
2,939.206 01 
USD 
EUR 
USO 
-48.03 
USD 
-0 44 
USD 
427 33 
887.901 33 
USD 
9.750 00 
823,244 00 
USD 
15,911.33 
1,707,170 33 
USO 
6.250.00 
2.811.244 00 
USO 
23.354.86 
USD 
Account Number: 
E,:t2S~Dt 
57.049.52 
64.768.32 
41.338.66 
588,924 52 
EUR 
2,939.206 01 
USO 
11,166,774 76 
USO 
Page 10 of 11.3 
Go paperless 
AIX AtOUT 
Rated bade.* 
Every Yew Since 2007 
OMAR RA TED COMMUNICATONS 
MULE:NC( 
Owing 0~ 
Penny US • Melly awed 
Side, el Mx Bask al New Y.& Mellon 
Coeporitfon OINY MONO 
Pei On LC, manen f INRA. mi. 5'.^ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083187 
SDNY_GM_00229371 
EFTA01383479

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383480.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383480.pdf
----------------------------------------
151 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
February 1,2019 - February 28,2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Procne 
Trade,
Settlement Transaction 
Dale 
  Date 
Adivity Type 
  Description  
Duality 
Price 
Accrued Interest 
Amount Currency 
Securities Withdrawals and Deposits 
02/07/19 
CUSTOM ER AUTHORIZED 
ALPHABET INC CAP STK CL C TRANS ERN N46-024943 
3,000 000 
3.296,130 00 
USD 
TRANSFER 
GOOG 
02107/19 
CUSTOM ER AUTHORIZED 
CARVANA CO CL A TRANS FRM N4 G-02494 3 
25.000.000 
825,500.00 
USD 
TRANSFER 
CYNA 
02107/19 
CUSTOM ER AUTHORIZED 
CITIGROUP INC DEP SHS REPSTG 11000TH PFC SER K DIV 
000 000 
2.101.400.00 
USD 
TRANSFER 
875% PERPETUAL M ATY PERPETUAL CALL *$I23025 00 
C PRK 
TRANSFRM N40-024943 
02/07/19 
CUSTOM ER AUTHORIZED 
.PM ORGAN CHASE& CO DEP SHS REPSTG YATH PFD SER 
2.160 000 000 
2,170,800.00 
USD 
TRANSFER 
FIXED TO FLTG RT BC 5.990% 04/23158 B/E DID 04/23/08 CLB 
46625HHA1 
TRANS ERN N46-024943 
02107/19 
CUSTOM ER AUTHORIZED 
UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORP CON TRANSFRM N46-024943 
000.000 
IA 10,800 .00 
USD 
TRANSFER 
UTX 
02/11/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
ALIBABA GROUP HLDG LTD SPONSORED AD R 
-5.000.000 
437,250.00 
USD 
MBA 
ISINtUSO 509W 1327 0138 TO AM ERI TRADE CLEARING. INC. A/C 
867730320 
02/11/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
ALPHABET INC CAP STK CL C 0138 TO AM ERITRADE CLEARING. 
-3.000.000 
285.030 00 
USD 
GOOG 
INC. A/C 867730320 
02111/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
AMAZON COM INC 0138 TD AM ER1TRADE CLEARING, INC. A/C 
-1.000.000 
-1.591.000.00 
USD 
AM ZN 
867730320 
02/11/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
510081 ID EC INC COM 088 TO AM ERITRAD E CLEARING, INC. 
-2.095.000 
-663,842 65 
USD 
6118 
AIC 867730320 
02/11/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
CARVANA CO CI A 0138 EC AM ERITRADE CLEARING. INC. NC 
-25,000.000 
-799.500.00 
USD 
CYNA 
867730320 
02711/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
KARYOPHARM THERAPEUTICS INC CON 0138 TD AM ER1TRACE 
-25.000.000 
-215.500.00 
USD 
KPTI 
CLEARING. INC. NC 867730320 
02/11/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
UNITED TECHNOLOGIES OORP CON 0138 TO AM ERITRADE 
-15.000.000 
-1.840.800.00 
USD 
UTX 
CLEARING, INC. NC 867730320 
02/15/19 
CUSTOM ER AUTHORIZED 
APPLE INC COM TRANSFRM N4G-026$1 
100.000.000 
042,000 00 
USD 
TRANSFER 
AAPL 
Account Number NIG-023804 
6:C1SkarA DS 
AteA/Cul l.010vtirre 
Rated trailed 
Every Yew Since 2007 
MIMI RATIO COMMUNICATIONS 
EXCELLENCE 
Page ' of
Cleanot thickish Arnhem LLC, a wholly evened 
subtidisey of Tie Bank of New Yor* Mellon 
ComoratIon (MY Mellon) 
Pesstrez MX. member' WOW NY). 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083188 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229372 
EFTA01383480

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383481.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383481.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Procne 
Rade. 
Settlement 
Transaction 
Dale 
Cote 
Adivity Type 
 Description  
 Quality 
Price 
Accrued Interest 
Amount Qatency 
Securities Withdrawals and Deposits (continued) 
02128/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
SS INV TS GM Bil GTD SR NT REG S ISMS USA29866ABS3 
4.000.000.000 
4,066,020.00 
USD 
A29866AB5 
7250% 04/03724 EVE DID 04103/11 CLB 018 TD AM ERITRADE 
CLEARING. INC. At 867730320 
02128/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
APOLLO GLOBAL MGMT11C CI A WS 018 TO AM ERITRADE 
-263,157000 
-7.710.500.10 
USO 
APO 
CLEARING, INC. NC 867730320 
02128/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
APPLE INC COM 018 TO AM ERITRQE CLEARING. INC. A1C 
-180.000.000 
-31.167.000.00 
USD 
AAPL 
867730320 
02128/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
ASSURANT INC FXD TO FLTG SUB NT 1000% 03/27/48 B/E DTD 
-2,000.000.000 
•1.960,000.00 
USD 
0462%4K4 
01127/13 CEO 018 TD AM ERITRADE CLEARING, INC. A/C 
867710320 
02128(19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
CITIGROUP INC FXD RT SR NT PERP DEP RECPT 5.950% 
-3.000,000.000 
4.037.500.00 
USO 
17296725 
0811/88 B/E DTD 08/ WS CLB 018 TD AM ERITRADE 
CLEARING. INC. NC 867730320 
02128/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
OTIGROUP INC DEP SHS REPSTG 91300TH PFD SER K DIV 
-79.000.000 
-2.137.740.00 
USD 
C PRK 
6875% PERPETUAL M ATY PERPETUAL CALL 111/23025.00 
018 TD AM ERITRADE CLEARING. INC. NC 867730320 
02128(19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
CITIZENS COMMUNICATIONS CO SR NT FULLY EXCHANGED 
-1,000.000.000 
-998.750.00 
USD 
17453BAW 1 
FROM 174 53BAX9 7.125%03t6/9 B/E DTD 03/23/07018 TO 
AM ERITRADE CLEARING. INC. WC 867730320 
02128/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
EXELA INTER LLC EXELA FIN INC GTO FIRST PRIORITY SR SECO 
-3,000.000.000 
-3.060.000.00 
USD 
3012RAA9 
NT 114A 13.000% 0711/23BIEDTD 07/12117 CLB 0118 TO 
AM ERITRADE CLEARING. INC. WC 867730320 
02/28(19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
GM AC CAP TR I GTD TR PFD SECS SER 2 CPN- 8.25% FRED 
-80.000.000 
-2.079,200.00 
USD 
ALLY PRA 
DRILY M ATY-02/ 1120 40 CALL ANYTIME 025 W(30 DAYS 
BEGINS 02/ 111 018 TD AM ERITRADE CLEARING, INC. NC 
867730320 
02128(19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
.PM ORGAN CHASE 8 CO DEP SHS REPSTG 11TH PFD SERI 
-5,760.000.000 
-5.787.360 00 
USD 
6625HHA1 
FIXED TO FLTG RT BC 5.990% 04/23158 B/E DTD 04123108 CLB 
018 TD AM ERITRADE CLEARING. INC. A/C 861730320 
02128/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC FXD RATE RESET ADDL TIER 1 
-1,903.000.000 
-1.961.993.00 
USD 
539439A64 
SECS 'SNP US539439AG42 7.500% 04/27/88 B/E DID 04/07f14 
CLB 018 TD AM ERITRADE CLEARING. INC. A/C 867730320 
Tot al Securities Withdrawals and Deposits - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
43.952.355.75 
Dividends and Interest 
02105/19 
BOND INTEREST RECEIVED 
3000000 SOUTHERN CALIF EDISON CO PREF SER E 6250% 
93.750.00 
USD 
842400872 
0117162 BiE DTD 0117(12 CLB RD 0931PD 027019 
02714/19 
CASH DIVIDEND RECEIVED 
304000 SHRSAPPLE INC COM RD 02/11PD 02741/1 
221,920 00 
USD 
AAPL 
Page 72 of
Account Number NIG-013804 
6:C1%6.1)90 DS 
Go paperless 
ASY Man l.010vtere 4 
Med tmellent 
Every Yes Since 2007 
040AR RA MO COMMUNICATIONS 
EXCELLENCE 
Cleanot threush Pveyhna LLC, • wholly evened 
sub acksey of The Bank of New Yor* Mellon 
Corporation (BNY Mellon) 
Pesstme LLC. member' MORA 
S 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083189 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229373 
EFTA01383481

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383482.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383482.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
February 1,2019 - February 28,2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Proms 
Trade, 
Settlement Iteration 
Dale 
Date 
Activity Type 
  Desuiption  
°usably 
Price 
Accrued Interest 
Amount Currency 
Dividends and Interest (continued) 
02115/19 
CASH DIVIDEND RECEIVED 
CITIGROUP INC FXD RT SR NT PERP DEP RECPT 5950% 
-3.000 000 000 
89,250 00 
USD 
172967JZ5 
08115188 B/E DTD 08/12/15CLB RD 0204 Pt 02/15/9 
02119/19 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
CASH AC TR OW S GOVT & AGENCY INSTL INCOM E REDEEM ED 
6,893 84 
USD 
INCOME RECEIVED 
PER232045 
02119/19 
BOND INTEREST RECEIVED 
80000 SHRSGM AC CAP TR I GTD TR PFD SECS SER 2 CPR-
42,939 12 
USD 
ALLY PRA 
45% FREO ORTLY M ATV-02/1612040 CALL ANYTIM E 025 
W130 DAYS BEGINS 02/616 RD 02/14 PO 02/515 
02128119 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
CASH AC TR OW S GOVT 
45 
USD 
INCOME RECEIVED 
PER232045 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
0.00 
454,777 41 
Distributions 
02128/19 
PARTNERSHIP DISTRIBUTION 
26357 SHRSAPOLLO GLOBAL MGM T LLC CL A SHS RD 02/21P0 
147.367 92 
USD 
APO 
02/28/6 
Total Distributions - U.S DOLLARS 
0.00 
147,367.92 
Fees 
02101/19 
FOREIGN CUSTODY FEE 
Fgn Safekeeping JAN 209 CUSIP. F11131-CN-4 
•2.00 
USD 
USD999997 
Total Fees - U S DOLLARS 
0.00 
•2.00 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
02107/19 
CUSTOM ER AUTHORIZED 
TRANS FFtM N4G-0 2494 3 
4.080.228.72 
USD 
TRANSFER 
US0999997 
02111/19 
YOUR ASSET TRANSFERRED 
ACAT BALANCE 058 TD AM ERITRADE CLEARING. INC. A/C 
-3.534,144.52 
USD 
LIS0999997 
867730320 
02/13/19 
FEDERAL FUNDSRECEIVED 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 04851 
96,235 04 
USD 
USD999997 
02115/19 
CUSTOM ER AUTHORIZED 
TRANS FFtM N4G-0 2651 
73.100,14 
USD 
TRANSFER 
U50999997 
Account Number: NU 
6:tni6.1rA DS 
Go paperless 
MX MOUT t.Oltivtorr 4 
RAW btellent 
Every Yew Since 2007 
OALOAR RA TM COMMUNICATONS 
Milt DICE 
Page 13 of 1.3 
Clueing through hobby LLC. • wholly aimed 
subsidan of nlr BIS al New Yort Mellon 
Comoration (WY Mach) 
PCI Oat LLC. membef AURA NYS. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083190 
SDNY_GM_00229374 
EFTA01383482

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383483.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383483.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Process 
Trade,
Settlement 
Transaction 
Date 
Dole 
Activity Type 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits (continued) 
02119/19 
CUSTOMER AUTHORIZED 
TRANSFER 
Desalption 
Quality 
Price 
Accrued Interest 
Amount Currency 
02119/19 
DSSENT 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
02118719 
FEDERAL FUNDS SENT 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits - U.S DOLLARS 
TansationsSummary 
EURO 
57,049.52 
2.588.924 52 
RJR 
64368.32 
2,939,206.01 
US DOLLARS 
41338.66 
-44.076,271.81 
USD 
41338.66 
44,076271.81 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded. 
TotalAccrued Metal 
Total Amount 
Total Acaued Intereg 
Total Amount 
CPJ rrency 
USD Equivalent 
USD Equivalent 
73,005.50 
USD 
-12.608,253.53 
USD 
-73,005.50 
USD 
0.00 
-11,892,834.15 
Client Service Information 
Your Investment Specialist ZEN 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 13 154 
Contact Int ormtdion 
Telephone Number 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds. 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market discount in income annually. 
  No 
kcal. rt Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
SmouTICILNOW 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
Page 14 of 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly awed 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yore Melba 
Comeration OM Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083191 
SDNY_GM_00229375 
EFTA01383483

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383484.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383484.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
February 1,2019 - February 28,2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
• 
Statements and Reports 
• 
Trade Confirmations 
• 
Tax Documents 
• 
Notifications 
CO 
Prospectus 
C
O
Proxy/Shareholder Communications 
You have not enrolled any of the above documents for electronic delivery. Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences. 
Important If nr i ati n aid 7) sclos,res 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413.3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPCS). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.com/ about/ strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC. Legal Department, 
Page 15 of 16 
Account Number: N 
632%A..1,930 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
MX 0401.0t.C4IIVIttf 4 
Rated Ewellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELl DKE 
MISR Meech Peohbos EEC. • wholly awed 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Mellow 
Comeration (B NY MAW 
PtiShra LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083192 
SDNY_GM_00229376 
EFTA01383484

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383485.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383485.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important Info, nation and Disclosures (continued) 
The Role of Pershing (continued) 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; 
. Errors and Omissions excepted.
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding:a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified: or 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; 
Page 16 of 
Account Number: N 
632%6MI DS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MITOCOMPAVNICA71075 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR through Penabos UM. • wholly awed 
subsifurey of The Bakal Ni. Yort Melee 
Comeration OM Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083193 
SDNY_GM_00229377 
EFTA01383485

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383486.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383486.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
()tollI.:he Oink Prowls Vioolth Maa•Oenwel 
11.4.1% COonato Coto? 
Devlolo ROO Sectoillin lec 
Mew Ycelt O111. 
I45 Pot Annum, 2tIl• Flow 
War Ytt 
Toll If 
Weft 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOM ASVI 00802 
M arch 1, 2019 - M arch 31, 2019 
Account N um ber: 
Pcilo 
G:ance 
oat a 
ThisPeriod  
 Yearao-Date
Your Investment Specialist: 
BEGINN INC ACCOUNT VALUE 
838,975,931.49 
$94,404,553.11 
MARTIN ZEM AN 
Net Cash Deposits and Withdrawals 
-190,415.39 
-20,083,249.54 
Net *urines In/Out of Account  
 40,073.,800.00  
025.955.75 
Adjusted Previous Account value 
-1,288,083.90 
-9,704.552.18 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
83.90 
812,546.27 
Other Transactions 
0.00 
4238 
Net Change in Portfolio' 
1,288,000.00 
8,892,158.29 
fl 
Estimated Annual Income 
811.956.83 
Asset Summary 
I Net Change in Portfolio is the difference between the ending account value and 
beginning account value after activity. 
Percent 
Asset Type 
Prior Tew-End 
Led Period 
IbisPeriod 
0% 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
8,127,337.23 
190,331.49 
0.00 
0% 
Equities 
61,283,145.18 
38,785,600.00 
0.00 
0%  
Fixed Income 
  24,993,470.70  
 0.00  
0.00
0% 
Account Total 
894,404,553.11 
$38,975,931.49 
$0.00 
Please review your allocation periodically with your Investment Specialist. 
Go paperless 
ASX 04OUT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page ' of 
Rated (welled 
Emy Year Since 2007 
0708AR RATIO COMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELIDK( 
Marrs through Pin
 UM owlish awned 
subsifun of The Bakal New Yea Mellon 
Comwation (BNY Mellen) 
PCIS/Ora LLC. mutt( AURA. NYSE 0PC 
DB-SDNY-0083194 
SDNY_GM_00229378 
EFTA01383486

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383487.pdf
----------------------------------------
Summary o' Gans and Losses 
Reeked 
Short-Term Gain/ Loss 
Long-Term Gain/ Loss 
Net Gain/ Loss 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis information is not available.
This Period 
00 
0.00
0.00 
Yeacao-Date
432.436.95 
314.042.71 
181.605 76 
Unrealized
0.00 
0.00
0.00 
The European Central Bank (the' ECB' ) and other credit institutions introduced' negative interest rates' Negative interest expense may be charged to your account if you have a 
deposit of foreign currency. The interest will be reported on your Forms 10 99 and/ or 1042 S. These rates are subject to change in response to market changes, and we may. in the 
future and based on our normal interest rate setting arrangements. begin to charge negative interest rates on additional foreign currency balances. 
Exchange Rate Table 
Currency 
EURO 
1227 
8907 
HONGKONG DOLLAR 
0.1273 
8497 
Exchange rates are based on interbank exchange rates as of 0 3/ 29/ 2019. Exchange 
rates can vary.
USO Equivalent 
Currency 
per USD 
Money Market Fund Detail 
Date 
Activity Type 
Sweep Money Market Fund 
CASH AC TR DWS GOVT & AG INSTL 
Current Yield: 2.37% Activity Ending. 03/ 07/ 19 
Description 
Amount 
Balance 
03101/19 
Opening Balance 
42,963.57 
42.963 57 
03101/19 
Deposit 
MONEY FUND PURCHASE 
147,367.92 
190,331 49 
03108/19 
Withdrawal 
MONEY FUND REDEMPTION 
-190.331.49 
000 
03108119 
Withdrawal 
SHARES REDEEM ED 
-83.90 
43.90 
03108/19 
Deposit 
ACCRUED DIVIDEND CREDIT 
 83.90 
000 
03107/19 
Closing Balance 
60.00 
Total All Money Market Funds 
$0 .00 
Account Number NU 
1:;%iitEgT.:2! 
Go paperless 
ALt AtOul t.DItivtorr 4 
Rated btellere 
Every Yea Since 2007 
OALOAR RATIO COMMUNICATOM 
EXCELLENCE 
Page 2 of 9 
ChanIS n'ach Prate% tiC,• wholly svmol 
sublidin  
Mn.. Baal of New York Mallon 
Coryotation (MY Mellon) 
Posiwg LLC. member 'Nan NY<r.
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083195 
SDNY_GM_00229379 
EFTA01383487

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383488.pdf
----------------------------------------
151 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
ne„-iie aid Ixoeisc 
M arch 1, 2019 - M arch 31, 2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Dividend income 
Current Period 
Taxable 
Non Taxable  
Taxable 
Year•lo•Dale 
  Non Taxable 
Equities 
0.00 
0.00 
222170.00 
0.00 
Money Market 
83.90 
0.00 
11,958.13 
0.00 
Other Dividends 
0.00 
0.00 
144,362.40 
0.00 
Interest Income 
Bond Interest 
0.00 
0.00 
243,750.00 
0.00 
Other Interest 
0.00 
  0.00  
42.939.12
000 
Total Dividends, Interest. Income and Expenses 
$83.90 
$0.00 
$665,178.35 
$0.00 
Distributions 
Alternative Investments 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
147367 92 
Other Distributions 
0.00 
  0.00  
48.38 
0.00 
Total Distributions 
$0.00 
$0.00 
448.38 
5147 367 92 
I=11 
Openrg 
posing 
Awued 
Income 
30-Day 
°mainline 
Quantity 
Balance 
Balance 
Income 
7hIsYete 
Yield 
CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 0 00% of Portfolio 
Margin Balance 
147,387.92 
0.00 
Money Market 
CASH AC TR DWSG0VT 8, AG INSTL 
42,963.57 
0.00 
000 
11,956.83 
2.32% 
Total Money Market  
$42,963.57 
$0.00 
$0 00 
$11,956.83 
TOTAL CASH, MONEY FUNDS, AND BANK DEPOSITS 
$190,331.49 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$11,956.83 
Awued 
Ealimlied 
Markel Value 
Intend 
Annual Income 
Total Portfolio Holdings 
Account Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$11.956.83 
Page 3 of 9 
Go paperless 
ASX MOUT t.011ivtore 
Rated Extolled 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELIDKE 
Cleats Mira* Ponabos U.C. a wholly *ad 
subsifun of The Bakal Ni. YM Make 
Comoration (WY MAW 
PCISrat LLC. motto, PIMA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083196 
SDNY_GM_00229380 
EFTA01383488

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383489.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings Disclosures 
Pricing 
This section includesthe net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions. at the close of the statement period. The market 
prices. unless otherwise noted. have been obtained from independent vendor services. which we believe to be reliable Market prices do not constitute a bid or an offer, and may differ 
from the actual sale price. Securities for which a price is not available are marked "NJ A" and are omitted from the Total. 
THEAS OF PRICE DATEONLY APPEARSW HEN THE PRICE DATE DOES NOT EQUAL THESTATEM ENT DATE 
Estimated Annual Figures 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated annual yield (FAY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only These figures are not considered to be a forecast or 
guarantee of future results. These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable. however, no assurance can be made asto the accuracy. Since interest 
and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making 
investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position quantities. interest and dividend rates. and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal 
may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to www.pershing.com/ disclosures for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures 
Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income. or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may 
have been reinvested. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution. information pertaining to these transactions, 
including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions, Pershing acts as your 
agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing will execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account. Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U S. dollars for dividends and similar 
corporate action transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate 
identified from customary banking sources on the conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 1%, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial 
organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction. incurred a charge, or 
received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents use. 
Proxy Vote 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your 
shares held on margin may be reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaller number of shares entitled to vote than 
the number of shares in your margin account. 
Messages 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1 per share. it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares 
of a money market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage 
account. Please see the money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your advisor for additional information. Pursuant to SEC 
Rule 10 b-10(b)(1) confirmations are not sent for purchases into money market mutual funds processed on the sweep platform. 
Page 4 of 9 
Account Number NU 
4;;;.iittg-Y.:2! 
Go paperless 
MX AIM!' t.011ivtorr 4 
RAW totellent 
Every Yea Since 2007 
OALOAR RATIO COMMUNICATOM 
Mat DICE 
Clutits Ovaugh Prams tIC., • tinily •rime 
sublidiary of The Book al New York Mellon 
Corporation (lINY Mellon) 
Persrws LLC. onesneer f 114RA, NY5. 5'.✓ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083197 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229381 
EFTA01383489

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383490.pdf
----------------------------------------
1511 Deutsche Bank 
P.O. Box 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
Activity Summary 
, 
d 
nba-a 
M arch 1, 2019 - M arch 31,2019 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW 
Securities 
Credits This Period 
Debits This Period 
Net This Pend 
°edits Year-to-Dale 
Debits Yeat4o•Date 
Net Yew-to-Date 
Securities Bought 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
48.47 
-48.47 
Securities Sold 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
14,106,029.24 
0.00 
14,108,029.24 
Semmes Withdrawn 
0.00 
40,073,600.00 
40,073,600.00 
0.00 
111272,585.75 
-111,272.585.75 
Securrlies Deposrted 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
27,246,630.00 
0.90 
27,246,630.00 
Total Securities 
$0 00 
440,071600.00 
440.073.600.00 
$41,352,659.24 
4111,272,634.22 
469,919,974.98 
Dividends and Interest 
683 90 
$0.00 
$83.90 
$685,178.35 
$0.00 
$665,178.35 
Distributions 
SO 00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$147,367.92 
$0.00 
$147,367.92 
Fees 
$000 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
44.00 
44.00 
Other 
$0 00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
448.38 
448.38 
Cash 
Wi'Admirals 
0.00 
190,415.39 
190.41539 
0.00 
-24,405,818.94 
-24,405,818.94 
Deposits 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
4,322,569.40 
0.00 
4,322,569.40 
Total Cash 
$0.00 
4190,415.39 
4190.415.39 
$4,322,569.40 
424,405,818.94 
420,083,249.54 
Totals 
$83.90 
440,264,015.39 
440,263,931.49 
$46,487,774.91 
4135,678,505.54 
489,190,730.63 
Transactions by Type of Activity 
Proms 
Tiede. 
Settlement Transaction 
Ode 
Dote 
Activity Type 
Securities Withdrawals and Deposits 
03111/19 03/08/19 SECURITY DELIVERED 
APPLE INC COM 0534 INTERACTIVE BROKERS LLC.IRETAIL AIC 
AAPL 
U2268698  
Total Securities Withdrawals and Deposits - U S. DOLLARS 
Dividends and Interest 
03108/19 
MONEY MARKET FUND 
CASH AC TR OWSGOVT 8 AGENCY INSTL INCOME REDEEM ED 
INCOMERSCBVED 
PER232045 
Total Dividends and Interest - U.S. DOLLARS 
Desuiplion 
Quantity 
Account Number: N• 
1272)302012:27 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
-224,000.000 
Price 
Go paperless 
MY MOUT t.1:41IVtitY 
Accrued Interest 
Amount Omency 
40,073,600 00 
USD 
0.00 
40,073,600.00 
83.90 
USD 
0.00 
83.90 
Page 5 of 9 
Rated Excellent 
Every Year Since 2007 
OMAR MTIOCOMPAVNICA71076 
EXCELLENCE 
Cleats Meech Penabet U.C. • wholly *ad 
subsidiary of The Bakal Ni. Wet Make 
Corporation (WY Melon) 
PCISrat U.C. mutter AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083198 
SDNY_GM_00229382 
EFTA01383490

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383491.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Process 
Trade,
Settkment 
Transaction 
Dale 
Date 
Activity Type 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
03/08/19 
FEDERAL FUNOSSENT 
USD999997 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits U.S. DOLLARS 
Total Value of Transactions 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded. 
Client Service nfo-ma: on 
Your Investment Seetioire ZEN 
MARTIN ZEMAN 
345 PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK 
NY 10154 
Description 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
Gulley 
Price 
 Accrued Interest 
Amount Currency 
-190415.39 
US0 
0.00 
-190 415.39 
0.00 
-40.263.931,49 
US0 
Contad Information 
Telephone Number (2 f2 ) 250-0432 
TAX LOT DEFAULT DISPOSITION METHOD 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
First In First Out 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
First In First Out 
BOND AMORTIZATION ELECTIONS 
Amortize premium on taxable bonds based on Constant Yield Method: Yes 
Accrual market discount method for all other bond types: 
Constant Yield Method 
Include market  discount in income annually;_ 
No 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
Your electronic delivery selections for account communications are listed below: 
Electronic Delivery 
Enrollment Communication 
O 
Statements and Reports 
O 
Trade Confirmations 
O 
Tax Documents 
• 
Notifications 
O 
Prospectus 
• 
Proxy/Shareholder Communications 
Yo have not  enrolled any of the above documents for elect ronic delivery. Please log in to your account to make any changes to your preferences. 
Account Numbe 
iniefrcsc." 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 6 of 9 
Go pwr1ess 
way, MINIM' 4 
Rated EweRere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
cu ISR through Penabos UM. ro wholly road 
sbtle:run of The as
 Ni. Yore Menai 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083199 
SDNY_GM_00229383 
EFTA01383491

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383492.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383492.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
PO Bex 1776, Baltimore, MD 21203 
M arch 1.2019 - M arch 31 20 19 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
We are providing the below information on your behalf to allow you to confirm the Standing Instructions on this account. Our records indicate that you previously provided these 
Standing Instructions to your Investment Specialist as part of the account opening process or subsequent to opening your account. A standing instruction is an instruction an account 
holder gives to their Investment Specialist to permit the withdrawal or transmittal of funds or other assets from the account holder's account at regular intervals, or as needed. The 
items included below are both instructions that appear to be third party asset movements, as well as first and third party journal instructions for accounts that are custodied with 
Pershing. 
We may remove any standing instructions that have not been used in the past 36 months (except for Automats Clearing House (ACH) which does not expire). You have the ability to 
re-establish those instructions through your Investment Specialist. 
Please review all the below information carefully. If you have any questions or if any information is inaccurate. please contact your Investment Specialist. 
Transadion Type 
RecipleM Name 
NON-t1S0 WIRES 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG, LONDON 
DEUTSCHE BANK POLSKA SA 
""3035 
DEUTGB2L 
FED RIND WIRES 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG LONDON 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST CO. AM ERIC ""439 
Bank Name 
Receiving Amount Number 
Start Date 
Frequency 
Amount Currency 
important informal on aid D sclosres 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without 
inquiry or investigation (i) orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (ii) any other instructions concerning your account. Pershing is not responsible or 
liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the 
suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controlling or under 
common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your 
financial institution or that it receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its own operations and the supervision of your 
account, its sales representatives and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the 
acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, 
if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries concerning the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201) 413-3333. All other inquiries regarding 
your account or activity should be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as 
a definitive enumeration of every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the 
Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (Sne). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC 
protection, Pershing provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: www .pershing.comf about/ strength-and-stability. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading) promptly, but no later than ten days after 
receipt of this statement, to your financial organization and Pershing. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your 
rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
Page 7 of 9 
Account Number: 
nODISMSID:21 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
way, MINIM' 4 
Rated twellere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR WED COMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELIDICE 
MI SR Reach Penabos UM.•• wholly road 
subtle:run of The Bakal Ni. Yort Melba 
Comeration (WY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083200 
SDNY_GM_00229384 
EFTA01383492

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383493.pdf
----------------------------------------
important nformation and Disclosures (continued) 
The Role of Pershing (continued) 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows Pershing LLC, Legal Department, 
One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Arbitration Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which 
a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding:a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case. a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the 
panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time lim its for bringing a claim In arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing LLC shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class 
action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative 
class w ho has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or 
(III) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to 
the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC, Legal Department, One Pershing Plaza, Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201) 413-3330. 
Page .° of 9 
Account Number: N• 
11:3)Snark:2$ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
smont4IllNOW 
Rated Ewefiere 
Every Year Since 2007 
04BAR MITOCOMPAVNICA710.5 
EXCELLENCE 
MISR Baugh Penabos UM. • wholly road 
subsidurey of The BIS al Ni. Yort Menai 
Comeration (BNY Mellen) 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE StPC 
DB-SDNY-0083201 
SDNY_GM_00229385 
EFTA01383493

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383494.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383494.pdf
----------------------------------------
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
TRANSACTIONS 
• ALL ORDERS AND TRANSACTIONS SHALL BE SOLELY FOR YOUR ACCOUNT AND RISK SHALL BE SUBJECT 
TO THE CONSTITLMON, RULES. REGULATIONS. CUSTOMS, USAGES, RUUNGS AND INTERPRETATIONS OF 
THE EXCHANGE OR MARKET AND THE CLEARING FACILITY, IF ANY, WHERE THE TRANSACTIONS ARE 
EXECUTED AND/OR SETTLED, OR IF APPLICABLE. OF THE FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY 
AND TO ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. 
• TITLE TO SECURITIES SOLD TO YOU. WHERE PERSHING HAS ACTED AS PRINCIPAL SHALL REMAIN WITH 
PERSHING UNTIL THE ENTIRE PURCHASE PRICE IS RECEIVED OR UNTIL THE SETTLEMENT DATE, 
WHICHEVER IS LATER. 
• YOU MAY HAVE RECEIVED CONFIRMATIONS FOR TRANSACTIONS WHICH DO NOT APPEAR ON YOUR 
STATEMENT. IF SO, THE TRANSACTIONS WILL APPEAR ON YOUR NEXT PERIODIC STATEMENT. SUCH 
TRANSACTIONS MUST BE CONSIDERED BY YOU WHEN COMPUTING THE VALUE OF YOUR ACCOUNT. THIS 
IS ESPECIALLY TRUE IF YOU HAVE WRITTEN OPTIONS WHICH HAVE BEEN EXERCISED. 
FREE CREDIT BALANCES: ANY FREE CREDIT BALANCE CARRIED FOR YOUR ACCOUNT REPRESENTS FUNDS 
PAYABLE UPON DEMAND WHICH. ALTHOUGH PROPERLY ACCOUNTED FOR ON PERSHING'S BOOKS OF 
RECORD. ARE NOT SEGREGATED AND MAY BE USED IN THE CONDUCT OF ITS BUSINESS. 
DEBIT BALANCES: INTEREST CHARGED ON DEBIT BALANCES IN YOUR ACCOUNT APPEARS ON THE 
STATEMENT. THE RATE OF INTEREST AND PERIOD COVERED ARE INDICATED. THE RATE MAY CHANGE FROM 
TIME TO TIME DUE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN MONEY RATES OR OTHER REASONS. INTEREST IS COMPUTED AS 
DESCRIBED IN MATERIAL PREVIOUSLY FURNISHED TO YOU. PI FACF CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL 
INSTITUTION IF YOU DESIRE ADDITIONAL COPIES. 
MARGIN INFORMATION: IF YOU MAINTAIN A MARGIN ACCOUNT, THIS IS A COMBINED STATEMENT OF 
YOUR GENERAL ACCOUNT AND A SPECIAL MEMORANDUM ACCOUNT MAINTAINED FOR YOU UNDER 
REGULATION T OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. THE PERMANENT 
RECORD OF THE SEPARATE ACCOUNT AS REQUIRED BY REGULATION T IS AVAILABLE FOR YOUR 
INSPECTION UPON REQUEST. 
TAX INFORMATION 
• AFTER YEAR END, PERSHING IS REQUIRED TO PROVIDE TAX INFORMATION TO THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE AND OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. AT THAT TIME PERSHING WILL PROVIDE THAT 
INFORMATION ON THE ANNUAL TAX INFORMATION STATEMENT TO YOU; USE THAT STATEMENT TO 
PREPARE YOUR TAX FILINGS. THE TAX STATEMENT ALSO INCLUDES OTHER USEFUL INFORMATION TO 
ASSIST IN ACCUMULATING THE DATA TO PREPARE YOUR TAX RETURNS. 
• DNIDENDS, INTEREST AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS SHOWN ON THIS STATEMENT WERE CLASSIFIED AS 
TAXABLE OR NONTAXABLE BASED ON CERTAIN INFORMATION KNOWN AS OF THE DISTRIBUTION DATE. 
THIS CLASSIFICATION IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND IS SOLELY INTENDED FOR USE AS GENERAL 
INFORMATION. 
• PERSHING DOES NOT PROVIDE TAX. INVESTMENT OR LEGAL ADVISORY SERVICES AND NO ONE 
ASSOCIATED WITH PERSHING IS AUTHORIZED TO RENDER SUCH ADVICE. DO NOT RELY UPON ANY SUCH 
ADVICE, IF GIVEN. INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS TO DETERMINE THE 
APPROPRIATE TAX TREATMENT OF THEIR BUSINESS. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
• WHENEVER YOU ARE INDEBTED TO PERSHING LLC ("PERSHING') FOR ANY AMOUNT, ALL SECURITIES 
HELD BY IT FOR YOU IN ANY ACCOUNT IN WHICH YOU HAVE ANY INTEREST SHALL SECURE AU. YOUR 
LIABILITIES TO PERSHING, AND PERSHING MAY IN ITS DISCRETION AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT TENDER, 
DEMAND OR NOTICE TO YOU, CLOSE OR REDUCE ANY OR ALL OF YOUR ACCOUNTS BY PUBLIC OR 
PRNATE SALE OR PURCHASE OR BOTH OF ALL OR ANY SECURITIES CARRIED IN SUCH ACCOUNTS; ANY 
BALANCE REMAINING DUE PERSHING TO BE PROMPTLY PAID BY YOU. 
• WHENEVER YOU ARE INDEBTED TO PERSHING FOR ANY AMOUNT, ALL SECURITIES CARRIED FOR YOUR 
ACCOUNT ARE OR MAY BE, WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE TO YOU, LOANED OR PLEDGED BY PERSHING, 
EITHER SEPARATELY OR UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH WILL PERMIT THE COMMINGLING THEREOF, 
WITH OTHER SECURITIES FOR ANY AMOUNT LESS THAN. EQUAL TO OR GREATER THAN YOUR UABIUTIES 
TO PERSHING, BUT NOT UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES FOR AN AMOUNT PROHIBITED BY LAW. 
• PERSHING MAY TRADE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AS A MARKET MAKER, SPECIAUST, ODD LOT DEALER. 
BLOCK POSIT IONER, ARBITRAGEUR OR INVESTOR. CONSEQUENTLY. AT THE TIME OF ANY TRANSACTION 
YOU MAY MAKE. PERSHING MAY HAVE A POSITION IN SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH POSITION MAY BE 
PARTIALLY OR COMPLETELY HEDGED. 
• IF AVERAGE PRICE TRANSACTION IS INDICATED ON THE FRONT OF THIS STATEMENT YOUR FINANCIAL 
INSTITUTION OR PERSHING MAY HAVE ACTED AS PRINCIPAL, AGENT OR BOTH. DETAILS AVAILABLE UPON 
REQUEST. 
• A FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF PERSHING IS AVAILABLE FOR YOUR PERSONAL INSPECTION AT PERSHING'S 
OFFICES. A COPY OF IT WILL BE MAILED UPON YOUR WRITTEN REQUEST OR YOU CAN VIEW IT ONLINE AT 
VVVVW.PERSHING.COM. 
• FOR BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES: WWW.PERSHING.COWDISCLOSURES. 
• THIS STATEMENT SHOULD BE RETAINED FOR YOUR RECORDS. 
PAYMENT FOR ORDER FLOW AND ORDER ROUTING POLICIES DISCLOSURES (REGULATION NMS - RULE 
607 (A) (I) - (2)) 
PERSHING SENDS EQUITY AND OPTION ORDERS TO EXCHANGES, OR BROKER-DEALERS AS MARKET 
MAKERS OR AUTOMATED TRADING SYSTEMS (ATSS). CERTAIN OF THESE VENUES PROVIDE PAYMENTS TO 
PERSHING OR CHARGE ACCESS FEES TO PERSHING DEPENDING UPON THE CHARACTERISTICS OF THE 
ORDER AND ANY SUBSEQUENT EXECUTION. THE DETAILS OF THESE PAYMENTS AND FEES ARE AVAILABLE 
UPON WRITTEN REQUEST. COMPENSATION IS GENERALLY IN THE FORM OF A PER OPTION CONTRACT 
CASH PAYMENT. IN ADDITION, PERSHING ROUTES CERTAIN EQUITY TO ITS AFFILIATE, BNY MELLON 
CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC, FOR EXECUTION AS PRINCIPAL. 
BEST EXECUTION: NOTWITHSTANDING THE PREVIOUS PARAGRAPH REGARDING PAYMENT FOR ORDER 
FLOW, PERSHING SELECTS CERTAIN MARKET CENTERS TO PROVIDE EXECUTION OF OVER•THE•COUNTER 
AND EXCHANGE-LISTED SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS WHICH AGREE TO ACCEPT ORDERS, TRANSMITTED 
ELECTRONICALLY UP TO A SPECIFIED SIZE, AND TO EXECUTE THEM AT OR BETTER THAN THE NATIONAL 
BEST BID OR OFFER (NBBO). IN CERTAIN SECURITIES THAT ARE NOT ELECTRONICALLY QUOTED, PERSHING 
DIRECTLY CONTACTS MARKET CENTERS TO OBTAIN AN EXECUTION. THE DESIGNATED MARKET CENTERS 
TO WHICH ORDERS ARE AUTOMATICALLY ROUTED ARE SELECTED BASED ON THE CONSISTENT HIGH 
QUALITY OF THEIR EXECUTIONS AND THEIR ABILITY TO PROVIDE OPPORTUNITIES FOR EXECUTIONS AT 
PRICES SUPERIOIR TO THE N880. PERSHING ALSO REGULARLY REVIEWS REPORTS FOR QUALITY OF 
EXECUTION PURPOSES. 
IF ANY Of THE MOVE TERMS ANDCONDITIONS ARE UNNXIPTABLE TO YOU. RISME NOTIFY PERSHING IPAMEDIATELY IN WRITING BY cermet) MAIL TOONE PERSHING PLAZA. JERSEY WY, NJ 07399, ATM: LEGAL DEPT 
Page 9 o19 
Account Number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Go paperless 
SAWN ICILNIRY 4 
Ra•d Ticollont 
Every Year Since 2007 
MOM MITOCOMMVNICATIONS 
EXCELLENCE 
Marrs I rough Ponabos OLE...whelp tad 
subsiSmy of The BHA al Haw Yogi Macs 
ComoratIon (BNY MONO 
PCISrat LLC. motto( AURA. NYSE SIPC 
DB-SDNY-0083202 
SDNY_GM_00229386 
EFTA01383494

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383495.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
dwhpbdw-batch@db.com Idwhpbdw-batch@db.comj 
Sent: 
5/7/2019 2:29:37 AM 
To: 
RM0082289@list.db.com 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20190507 
RM CODE 
82289 
05/06/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
AND 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
500,257.79 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
2,494,357.00 
MARA WAGNER 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
477,013.72 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
194,907.51 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
365,665.50 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
516,298.57 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
.00 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
153,933.93 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
.00 
PLAN D, LLC 
248,970.44 
JEGE, LLC 
.00 
NES, LLC 
196,878.16 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
253,707.97 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
107,913.96 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
397,882.14 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
6,161,376.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
881,125.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
941,125.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
816,965.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
1,712,816.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
865,844.42 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
LAKE POINT HOLDINGS LLC 
.00 
CODE 
82289 
05/06/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SOUTHERN AGGREGATE TRANSPORT SERVICES D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
479,054.27 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
M 
897,037.56 
GEW 2009 LLC 
M 
949,453.79 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083203 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229387 
EFTA01383495

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383496.pdf
----------------------------------------
44138941 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
M 
.00 
44139709 ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
M 
.00 
44139741 ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
M 
.00 
44139768 ASHLEY DISTRIBUTION SERVICES LTD 
.00 
44139776 ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
.00 
77000957 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
77000965 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
77000981 TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
596,312.86 
77001001 SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
2,652,366.56 
77001028 KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
2,958,913.70 
77001052 CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,130,692.52 
77001060 GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,130,942.44 
77001079 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
1,010,617.81 
77001087 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
1,009,540.45 
77001124 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
5,022,978.35 
77001220 CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
231,600.25 
77001239 GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
181,502.65 
77004958 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
118,883.42 
77004974 CAMERON WANEK 
D 
100,000.41 
77004982 TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,110.84 
77004990 SHARI WAGNER 
156,722.88 
77005002 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
100,836.21 
77005010 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
100,836.21 
77005037 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
100,836.21 
77005045 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
252,128.58 
77005141 KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
192,000.36 
77005184 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
100,836.21 
77005192 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
101,887.71 
77005248 RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
945,179.36 
77005360 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
7,148,069.10 
77006320 RAHUL VAID 
1,768,050.77 
77006347 KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
353,726.90 
77006435 THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
2,019,516.42 
77006451 ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
1,437,843.63 
77006515 ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006531 MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
77006603 LEAH KUBIS 
.00 
77006662 MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006670 MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
1,160,995.43 
77006689 SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
837,918.31 
77006697 SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006718 SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
77006726 SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
922,075.62 
77006734 SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,189,551.61 
77006742 SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
77006750 SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,315,467.65 
77006769 SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
05/06/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
77006777 VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
77006785 VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
77006793 SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
77006806 SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
77006814 MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
77006822 MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
77007008 ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
77007040 ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
77007067 GABRIELLE E. WANEK 
77007091 ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
77007112 ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
77007198 LAKE POINT HOLDINGS LLC 
77007200 SOUTHERN AGGREGATE TRANSPORT 
88006940 CRW 2007 LLC 
88006940 CRW 2007 LLC 
88006940 CRW 2007 LLC 
88006940 CRW 2007 LLC 
88006940 CRW 2007 LLC 
88006959 GEW 2007 LLC 
88006959 GEW 2007 LLC 
88006959 GEW 2007 LLC 
88006959 GEW 2007 LLC
C 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
SERVICES D 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
.00 
887,604.45 
.00 
268,905.46 
453,278.06 
.00 
21,486,926.88 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
250,028.77 
250,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
OD AMOUNT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083204 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229388 
EFTA01383496

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383497.pdf
----------------------------------------
88006959 GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
5,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007046 55W 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007046 SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007046 SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007046 SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007046 S5W 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
05/06/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
88007214 NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
88011192 ALI RASHID 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011192 ALI RASHID 
C 
350,000.00 
88011192 ALI RASHID 
C 
314,658.33 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083205 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229389 
EFTA01383497

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383498.pdf
----------------------------------------
CAMERON WANEK 
CAMERON WANEK 
CAMERON WANEK 
CAMERON WANEK 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
CODE 
82289 
LARGE, 
NAME 
ACCT 
ACCT 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
RONALD & 
RONALD & 
RONALD & 
RONALD & 
RONALD & 
RONALD & 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
LEAH KUBIS 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
CODE 
82289 
GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
GRAT FOR LEAH M 
GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
c 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
05/06/19 
ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
500,000.00 
500,000.00 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
500,000.00 
500,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
C 
50,000,000.00 
C 
50,000,000.00 
C 
50,000,000.00 
C 
30,000,000.00 
C 
30,000,000.00 
C 
25,000,000.00 
C 
.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
30,000,000.00 
C 
30,000,000.00 
C 
25,000,000.00 
C 
25,000,000.00 
C 
25,000,000.00 
C 
25,000,000.00 
C 
25,000,000.00 
C 
25,000,000.00 
05/06/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083206 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229390 
EFTA01383498

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383499.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383499.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kind regards 
Ankit Kumar Sharma 
Analyst I PWM-US Ops — Banking 
COO - Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 T 
Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City - SEZ. 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel: 
Mobile 
ErnWI 
Please send all Banking related queries to our new Group E-mail ID - gtopwmbankingexceptioncheckprocessinagblistdb.com 
From: Brigid Macias Imailto:brigid.macias 
Sent: Friday, May 10, 2019 11:27 AM 
To: Bhavesh Chandani 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Natalie Barak < 
>; 
'gtopwmbankingexceptioncheckprocessing@list.db.com' <gtopwmbankingexceptioncheckprocessing@list.db.com>-
Oversight Control <oversight.control ®db.com> 
Subject: RE: Non Post Transactions 05-09-2019 For AC 42953432 [I] 
Importance: High 
Can we post to this account? Will the account be overdrawn? 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant We President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor MIL 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Shavesh Chandani 
Sent: Friday, May 10, 2019 11:24 AM 
To: Brigid Macias < 
faklb.com> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083210 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229394 
EFTA01383499

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383500.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Natalie Barak < 
>; 
tgtopwmbankingexceptioncheckprocessin @list.db.com' < 
>; 
Oversight Control < 
>; Rishabh Shah 
>; Rishabh Sharma 
< 
> 
Subject: RE: Non Post Transactions 05-09-2019 For AC 
III 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Brigid, 
For the below account client submitted a wire yesterday. 
As yesterday you also submitted a case to close the account, so when the night batch ran it got account closed so the 
entry was bounced back to non-post. 
Please let me know if I can call you regarding the same. 
Kind Regards Ag 
Bhavesh Chandani 
Bhavesh Chandani 
Process Supervisor I PWM US Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
COO Wealth Managemert Operations 
ndra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City SEZ, 302029 Jaipur. India 
US IoU 
Deutsche Bank's volunteering 
and giving community 
#Positivelmpact 
Integrity I SusrainAile Performance I Client Centricity I iiiinwatic.“ 
Di-mipi 
Please send all the Banking related Queries to our new Group E-mail ID 
gtopwmbankingexceptioncheckprocessimarDlist.db.com 
From: Rishabh Shah 
Sent: Friday, May 10, 2019 10:57 AM 
To: Rishabh Sharma < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Brigid Macias < 
>; 'firtopwmbankingexceptioncheckprocessing@list.db.com' 
>; Oversight Control < 
Subject: RE: Non Post Transactions 05-09-2019 For AC 
Partnership 
>; Natalie Barak 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083211 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229395 
EFTA01383500

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383501.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383501.pdf
----------------------------------------
recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
e-mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly 
forbidden. 
Privacy of communications 
In order to monitor compliance with legal and regulatory obligations and our policies, procedures and 
compliance programs, we may review emails and instant messages passing through our IT systems 
(including any personal data and customer information they contain), and record telephone calls 
routed via our telephone systems. We will only do so in accordance with local laws and regulations. In 
some countries please refer to your local DB website for a copy of our Privacy Policy. 
Please refer to https:ildb.corn/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
e-mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly 
forbidden. 
Privacy of communications 
In order to monitor compliance with legal and regulatory obligations and our policies, procedures and 
compliance programs, we may review emails and instant messages passing through our IT systems 
(including any personal data and customer information they contain), and record telephone calls 
routed via our telephone systems. We will only do so in accordance with local laws and regulations. In 
some countries please refer to your local DB website for a copy of our Privacy Policy. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083214 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229398 
EFTA01383501

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383502.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383502.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
dwhpbdw-batch@db.com Idwhpbdw-batch@db.comj 
Sent: 
5/31/2019 1:55:08 AM 
To: 
RM0082289@list.db.com 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20190531 
RM CODE 
82289 
05/30/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
Jam! 
AND 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
359,495.84 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
164,981.34 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
317,222.53 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
246,089.37 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
.00 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
.00 
PLAN D, LLC 
.00 
NES, LLC 
.00 
LSJE, LLC 
.00 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
213,755.03 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
.00 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
.00 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC (HOUSE ACCOUNT) 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
LAKE POINT HOLDINGS LLC 
.00 
SOUTHERN AGGREGATE TRANSPORT SERVICES 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
211,233.58 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
.00 
CODE 
82289 
05/30/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY DISTRIBUTION SERVICES LTD 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
M 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
596,312.86 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083216 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229400 
EFTA01383502

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383503.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383503.pdf
----------------------------------------
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,005,375.56 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
1,005,488.70 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
252,022.52 
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
252,023.44 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
1,010,617.81 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
1,009,540.45 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
5,022,978.35 
CRw 2009 LLC 
D 
231,600.25 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
181,502.65 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
133,264.25 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
101,438.49 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
D 
101,548.92 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
171,103.71 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
100,836.21 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
100,836.21 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
100,836.21 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
766,509.41 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
706,381.19 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
100,836.21 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
101,887.71 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
945,179.36 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
8,235,466.32 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
1,768,050.77 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
353,726.90 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
2,615,360.84 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,663,793.18 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KVBIS 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,161,385.64 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
836,201.50 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
882,988.91 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,247,668.85 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,261,035.22 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
689,046.44 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
384,953.32 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
477,751.61 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
D 
21,486,926.88 
ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
D 
.00 
M CODE 
82289 
05/30/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
GABRIELLE E. WANEK 
D 
.00 
ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
D 
.00 
ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
D 
.00 
LAKE POINT HOLDINGS LLC 
D 
250,028.77 
SOUTHERN AGGREGATE TRANSPORT SERVICES D 
250,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
5,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083217 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229401 
EFTA01383503

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383504.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383504.pdf
----------------------------------------
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAY 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAY 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAY 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAY 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAY 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAY 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAY 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAY 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSw 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
55W 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CODE 
82289 
05/30/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT * 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
350,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
314,658.33 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
MSDNIY-0083218 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229402 
EFTA01383504

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383505.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383505.pdf
----------------------------------------
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
C 
C 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
500,000.00 
RM CODE 
05/30/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
500,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
500,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
500,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
500,000.00 
TOOD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
100,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
100,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,014,380.83 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
C 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
15,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
C 
.00 
GABRIELLE E. WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
GABRIELLE E. WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
C 
.00 
ASHLEY DISTRIBUTION SERVICES LTD 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
C 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083219 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229403 
EFTA01383505

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383506.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACCT 0 
From: 
dwhpbdw-batch@db.com Idwhpbdw-batch@db.comj 
Sent: 
6/14/2019 12:53:56 AM 
To: 
RM0082289@list.db.com 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20190614 
RM CODE 
82289 
06/13/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
AND 
.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
728,028.22 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
145,609.10 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
314,156.18 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
1,027,054.74 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
.00 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
.00 
PLAN D, LLC 
.00 
NES, LLC 
.00 
LSJE, LLC 
.00 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
438,652.94 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
.00 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
.00 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC (HOUSE ACCOUNT) 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
LAKE POINT HOLDINGS LLC 
.00 
SOUTHERN AGGREGATE TRANSPORT SERVICES 
.00 
TRIMBARNES FAMILY LTD 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
458,194.57 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
.00 
ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
.00 
M CODE 
82289 
06/13/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY DISTRIBUTION SERVICES LTD 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
M 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
1,612,089.93 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,009,472.77 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083221 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229405 
EFTA01383506

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383507.pdf
----------------------------------------
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
1,009,796.26 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
253,017.17 
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
253,018.22 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
2,027,905.93 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
2,026,826.64 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
6,049,408.25 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
232,236.55 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
182,028.67 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
133,538.04 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
101,661.19 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
D 
101,771.40 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
171,802.46 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
202,548.80 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
202,548.80 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
202,548.80 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
767,594.75 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
707,333.75 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
202,548.80 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
203,675.12 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
1,961,882.83 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
8,713,440.37 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
1,771,504.52 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
354,508.01 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
1,442,103.08 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
1,813,083.38 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
147,721.08 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,513,824.10 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
1,051,347.14 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,040,816.95 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,552,753.89 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
146,732.73 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
1,579,399.83 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
119,330.41 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
775,821.01 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
420,338.46 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
576,125.63 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
D 
23,329,634.95 
ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
D 
.00 
GABRIELLE E. WANEK 
D 
.00 
ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
D 
.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
06/13/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT R 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
D 
.00 
LAKE POINT HOLDINGS LLC 
D 
250,474.71 
SOUTHERN AGGREGATE TRANSPORT SERVICES D 
250,373.97 
TRIMBARNES FAMILY LTD 
D 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEw 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
T000 R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
S,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083222 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229406 
EFTA01383507

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383508.pdf
----------------------------------------
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
55W 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRw 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CODE 
82289 
06/13/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
350,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
314,658.33 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083223 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229407 
EFTA01383508

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383509.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383509.pdf
----------------------------------------
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
500,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
CODE 
82289 
06/13/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
500,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
500,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
C 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
15,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
C 
.00 
GABRIELLE E. WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
GABRIELLE E. WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
C 
.00 
ASHLEY DISTRIBUTION SERVICES LTD 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
C 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083224 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229408 
EFTA01383509

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383510.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
6/25/2019 12:13:46 PM 
To: 
Lisa-M Ramos I 
BCC: 
Subject: 
: : e: Account Inquiry IJ
Classification: For Yrs um only 
Yes please. We've exited the entire Southern Financial relationship and the client has had online access for everything 
they need, so feel free to clean up any of these old statements that are lying around. 
Thanks 
From: Lisa-M Ramos 
Sent: Tuesday, June 25, 2019 12:12 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield <1
.> 
Subject: : Re: Account Inquiry 
Stewart 
We have the below statement for account 
Please advise if we can destroy 
which was closed on 03/19/19 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
10/16/2018 
9/30/2018 
Statement 
$13,568,129.07 
Lisa Ramos 
Assistant Vice-Pusident I WM Operations Aincriats I Team Lead. Document Management 
Deutsche Rank Wealth Mana ommt 145 Park Ave New York, NY, 10154-000I, USA 
Tcl. 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083225 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229409 
EFTA01383510

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383511.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
9/11/2018 1:41123AhA 
To, 
Subject: 
RIRMy
er
i.lej...t 
RM CODE 
82289 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
09/10/18 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
1,646,325.75 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
440,685.31 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
211,281.80 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
300,131.78 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
236,841.59 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK, INC. 
D 
100,000.00 
TJC MEDIA VENTURES, INC. 
D 
105,089.74 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
1,187,706.86 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
180,431.08 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
147,203.75 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
310,227.31 
JEGE, LLC 
284,983.43 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
238,522.69 
NES, LLC 
D 
215,546.70 
JSC INTERIORS LLC 
D 
101,878.87 
LS)E, LLC 
D 
555,894.35 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
2,025,199.80 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
270,438.69 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
300,567.64 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
197,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
323,542.92 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
1,486,173.24 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
705,280.50 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
323,926.78 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
M 
268,555.60 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
35,642,184.04 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
535,257.07 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
103,074.87 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,833,267.66 
KWF 2007 LLC 
280,610.65 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
5,368,215.06 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
279,077.61 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
254,186.02 
CODE 
82289 
09/10/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
GEW 2009 LLC 
254,195.42 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,548,085.31 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
200,150.94 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
200,150.94 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083226 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229410 
EFTA01383511

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383512.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383512.pdf
----------------------------------------
77004966 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 0 
77004974 CAMERON WANEK 
D 
77004982 TRAVIS WAGNER 
D 
77004990 SHARI WAGNER 
D 
77005002 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
77005010 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
77005029 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
.00 
150,623.85 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
77005037 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
77005045 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
77005053 ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
200,150.94 
77005125 LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
199,960.26 
77005141 KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
77005184 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
77005192 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
77005248 RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
88006940 CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88006959 GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,390,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007046 SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007046 55W 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
25,170,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
3,750,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
250,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
3,750,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
250,000.00 
88007214 NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
302,105.76 
88011192 ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
88011192 ALI RASHID 
C 
500,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
5,000,000.00 
88011301 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR C 
250,000.00 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
C 
500,000.00 
88011336 TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
88011344 SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011352 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
09/10/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
88011360 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
88011379 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
C 
250,000.00 
88011387 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
88011395 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88011408 ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
88011408 ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
88011424 LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
200,000.00 
88011424 LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
88011432 KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
2,500,000.00 
88011440 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
88011459 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
88011475 RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
88011491 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
88011491 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
88011491 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
88011491 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,003,698.63 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083227 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229411 
EFTA01383512

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383513.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383513.pdf
----------------------------------------
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche O8 Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
81, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore aon East, Mumbal 400063, India 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Tuesday, September 18, 2018 5:17 PM 
To: Bradley Gillin < 
Cc: Mayur Rathod < 
Subject: Neptune LIC Corp Resolution Query - KYC#01977698 
>; Richard larossi < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Hello Rich, 
I wanted to have a quick chat regarding the attached corp resolutions for Neptune LLC when you come in today, so we 
can solve a rejection point in our case 
thanks. 
Regards, 
Vijay 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083229 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229413 
EFTA01383513

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383514.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383514.pdf
----------------------------------------
ISDA® 
International S‘cp Dealers Association. Inc 
2002 MASTER AGREEMENT 
dated as of October 28, 2013 
among 
Deutsche Bank AG 
and 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
have entered and/or anticipate entering into one or more transactions (each a "Transaction") that are or will be 
governed by this Master Agreement, which includes the schedule (the "Schedule"), and the documents and 
other confirming evidence (each a "Confirmation") exchanged between the parties or otherwise effective for 
the purpose of confirming or evidencing those Transactions. This 2002 Master Agreement and the Schedule 
are together referred to as this "Master Agreement". 
Accordingly, the parties agree as follows: — 
I. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions. The terms defined in Section 14 and elsewhere in this Master Agreement will have the 
meanings therein specified for the purpose of this Master Agreement. 
(b) 
Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Schedule and the other 
provisions of this Master Agreement, the Schedule will prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
provisions of any Confirmation and this Master Agreement, such Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of 
the relevant Transaction. 
(c) 
Single Agreement. All Transactions are entered into in reliance on the fact that this Master Agreement 
and all Confirmations form a single agreement between the parties (collectively referred to as this 
"Agreement"), and the parties would not otherwise enter into any Transactions. 
2. 
Obligations 
(a) 
General Conditions. 
(i) 
Each party will make each payment or delivery specified in each Confirmation to be made by it, 
subject to the other provisions of this Agreement. 
(ii) Payments under this Agreement will be made on the due date for value on that date in the place 
of the account specified in the relevant Confirmation or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, in freely 
transferable funds and in the manner customary for payments in the required currency. Where 
settlement is by delivery (that is, other than by payment), such delivery will be made for receipt on the 
due date in the manner customary for the relevant obligation unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement. 
Copyright O 2002 by Intonational Swap DCBJCT3 Association, Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083231 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229415 
EFTA01383514

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383515.pdf
----------------------------------------
(iii) 
Each obligation of each party under Section 2(a)(i) is subject to (I) the condition precedent that no 
Event of Default or Potential Event of Default with respect to the other party has occurred and is continuing, 
(2) the condition precedent that no Early Termination Date in respect of the relevant Transaction has 
occurred or been effectively designated and (3) each other condition specified in this Agreement to be a 
condition precedent for the purpose of this Section 2(a)(iii). 
(b) 
Change of Account. Either party may change its account for receiving a payment or delivery by giving 
notice to the other party at least five Local Business Days prior to the Scheduled Settlement Date for the payment or 
delivery to which such change applies unless such other party gives timely notice of a reasonable objection to such 
change. 
(c) 
Netting of Payments. If on any date amounts would otherwise be payable:—
(i) 
in the same currency; and 
(ii) 
in respect of the same Transaction. 
by each party to the other, then, on such date, each party's obligation to make payment of any such amount will be 
automatically satisfied and discharged and, if the aggregate amount that would otherwise have been payable by one 
party exceeds the aggregate amount that would otherwise have been payable by the other party, replaced by an 
obligation upon the party by which the larger aggregate amount would have been payable to pay to the other party the 
excess of the larger aggregate amount over the smaller aggregate amount. 
The parties may elect in respect of two or more Transactions that a net amount and payment obligation will be 
determined in respect of all amounts payable on the same date in the same currency in respect of those Transactions, 
regardless of whether such amounts are payable in respect of the same Transaction. The election may be made in the 
Schedule or any Confirmation by specifying that "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" applies to the Transactions 
identified as being subject to the election (in which case clause (ii) above will not apply to such Transactions). If 
Multiple Transaction Payment Netting is applicable to Transactions, it will apply to those Transactions with effect 
from the starting date specified in the Schedule or such Confirmation, or. if a starting date is not specified in the 
Schedule or such Confirmation, the starting date otherwise agreed by the parties in writing. This election may be 
made separately for different groups of Transactions and will apply separately to each pairing of Offices through 
which the parties make and receive payments or deliveries. 
(d) 
Deduction or Withholding for Tax. 
(i) 
Gross-Vp. All payments under this Agreement will be made without any deduction or withholding 
for or on account of any Tax unless such deduction or withholding is required by any applicable law. as 
modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, then in effect. If a party is so 
required to deduct or withhold, then that party ("X") will:—
(I) 
promptly notify the other party ("Y") of such requirement: 
(2) 
pay to the relevant authorities the full amount required to be deducted or withheld 
(including the full amount required to be deducted or withheld from any additional amount paid by 
X to Y under this Section 2(d)) promptly upon the earlier of determining that such deduction or 
withholding is required or receiving notice that such amount has been assessed against Y; 
(3) 
promptly forward to Y an official receipt (or a certified copy), or other documentation 
reasonably acceptable to Y. evidencing such payment to such authorities; and 
ISDA00 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083232 
SDNY_GM_00229416 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01383515

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383516.pdf
----------------------------------------
(iii) 
No Violation or Conflict. Such execution, delivery• and performance do not violate or conflict with 
any law applicable to it, any provision of its constitutional documents, any order or judgment of any court or 
other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets or any contractual restriction binding on or 
affecting it or any of its assets; 
(iv) 
Consents. All governmental and other consents that are required to have been obtained by it with 
respect to this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it is a party have been obtained and are 
in full force and effect and all conditions of any such consents have been complied with; and 
(v) 
Obligations Binding. Its obligations under this Agreement and any Credit Support Document to 
which it is a party constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their 
respective terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy, reorganisation, insolvency. moratorium or similar laws 
affecting creditors' rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to equitable principles of general 
application (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law)). 
(b) 
Absence of Certain Events. No Event of Default or Potential Event of Default or, to its knowledge, 
Termination Event with respect to it has occurred and is continuing and no such event or circumstance would occur 
as a result of its entering into or performing its obligations under this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to 
which it is a party. 
(c) 
Absence of litigation. There is not pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it. any of its Credit 
Support Providers or any of its applicable Specified Entities any action, suit or proceeding at law or in equity or 
before any court, tribunal, governmental body, agency or official or any arbitrator that is likely to affect the legality, 
validity or enforceability against it of this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it is a party or its 
ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or such Credit Support Document. 
(d) 
Accuracy of Specified Information. All applicable information that is furnished in writing by or on behalf 
of it to the other party and is identified for the purpose of this Section 3(d) in the Schedule is, as of the date of the 
information, true, accurate and complete in every material respect. 
(e) 
Payer Tax Representation. Each representation specified in the Schedule as being made by it for the 
purpose of this Section 3(e) is accurate and true. 
(f) 
Payee Tax Representations. Each representation specified in the Schedule as being made by it for the 
purpose of this Section 3(f) is accurate and true. 
(g) 
No Agency. It is entering into this Agreement, including each Transaction, as principal and not as agent of 
any person or entity. 
4. 
Agreements 
Each party agrees with the other that, so long as either party has or may have any obligation under this Agreement or 
under any Credit Support Document to which it is a party:—
(a) 
Furnish Specified Information. It will deliver to the other party or, in certain cases under clause (iii) 
below, to such government or taxing authority as the other party reasonably directs:—
(i) 
any forms, documents or certificates relating to taxation specified in the Schedule or any 
Confirmation; 
(ii) 
any other documents specified in the Schedule or any Confirmation; and 
ISDAS 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083234 
SDNY_GM_00229418 
EFTA01383516

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383517.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383517.pdf
----------------------------------------
(iii) 
upon reasonable demand by such other party, any form or document that may be required or 
reasonably requested in writing in order to allow such other party or its Credit Support Provider to make a 
payment under this Agreement or any applicable Credit Support Document without any deduction or 
withholding for or on account of any Tax or with such deduction or withholding at a reduced rate (so long as 
the completion, execution or submission of such form or document would not materially prejudice the legal 
or commercial position of the party in receipt of such demand), with any such form or document to be 
accurate and completed in a manner reasonably satisfactory to such other party and to be executed and to be 
delivered with any reasonably required certification, 
in each case by the date specified in the Schedule or such Confirmation or, if none is specified, as soon as reasonably 
practicable. 
(b) 
Maintain Authorisations. It will use all reasonable efforts to maintain in full force and effect all consents of 
any governmental or other authority that are required to be obtained by it with respect to this Agreement or any 
Credit Support Document to which it is a party and will use all reasonable efforts to obtain any that may become 
necessary in the future. 
(c) 
Comply With Laws. ft will comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and orders to which it 
may be subject if failure so to comply would materially impair its ability to perform its obligations under this 
Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it is a party. 
(d) 
Tax Agreement. It will give notice of any failure of a representation made by it under Section 3(f) to be 
accurate and true promptly upon learning of such failure. 
(e) 
Payment of Stamp Tax. Subject to Section I I, it will pay any Stamp Tax levied or imposed upon it or in 
respect of its execution or performance of this Agreement by a jurisdiction in which it is incorporated. organised, 
managed and controlled or considered to have its seat, or where an Office through which it is acting for the purpose 
of this Agreement is located ("Stamp Tax Jurisdiction"), and will indemnify the other party against any Stamp Tax 
levied or imposed upon the other party or in respect of the other party's execution or performance of this Agreement 
by any such Stamp Tax Jurisdiction which is not also a Stamp Tax Jurisdiction with respect to the other party. 
5. 
Events of Default and 'Termination Events 
(a) 
Events of Default. The occurrence at any time with respect to a party or, if applicable, any Credit Support 
Provider of such party or any Specified Entity of such party of any of the following events constitutes (subject to 
Sections 5(c) and 6(eXiv)) an event of default (an "Event of Default") with respect to such party:—
(i) 
Failure to Pay or Deliver. Failure by the party to make, when due, any payment under this 
Agreement or delivery under Section 2(aXi) or 9(h)(0(2) or (4) required to be made by it if such failure is 
not remedied on or before the first Local Business Day in the case of any such payment or the first Local 
Delivery Day in the case of any such delivery after, in each case, notice of such failure is given to the party; 
(ii) 
Breach of Agreement; Repudiation of Agreement. 
(I) 
Failure by the party to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation (other than an 
obligation to make any payment under this Agreement or delivery under Section 2(aXi) or 9(h)(iX2) 
or (4) or to give notice of a Termination Event or any agreement or obligation under Section 4(a)(i), 
4(aXiii) or 4(d)) to be complied with or performed by the party in accordance with this Agreement 
if' such failure is not remedied within 30 days after notice of such failure is given to the party; or 
(2) 
the party disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of. this Master Agreement. any Confirmation executed and delivered by that party or any 
150402002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083235 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229419 
EFTA01383517

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383518.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383518.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transaction evidenced by such a Confirmation (or such action is taken by any person or entity 
appointed or empowered to operate it or act on its behalf); 
(iii) 
Credit Support Default 
(I) 
Failure by the party or any Credit Support Provider of such party to comply with or 
perform any agreement or obligation to be complied with or performed by it in accordance with any 
Credit Support Document if such failure is continuing after any applicable grace period has elapsed; 
(2) 
the expiration or temination of such Credit Support Document or the failing or ceasing of 
such Credit Support Document, or any security interest granted by such party or such Credit 
Support Provider to the other party pursuant to any such Credit Support Document, to be in full 
force and effect for the purpose of this Agreement (in each case other than in accordance with its 
terms) prior to the satisfaction of Ml obligations of such party under each Transaction to which such 
Credit Support Document relates without the written consent of the other party; or 
(3) 
the party or such Credit Support Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects. in 
whole or in part, or challenges the validity of. such Credit Support Document (or such action is 
taken by any person or entity appointed or empowered to operate it or act on its behalf); 
(iv) 
Misrepresentation. A representation (other than a representation under Section 3(e) or 3(f)) made 
or repeated or deemed to have been made or repeated by the party or any Credit Support Provider of such 
party in this Agreement or any Credit Support Document proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any 
material respect when made or repeated or deemed to have been made or repeated: 
(v) 
Default Under Specified Transaction. The party, any Credit Support Provider of such party or any 
applicable Specified Entity of such party:—
(I) 
defaults (other than by failing to make a delivery) under a Specified Transaction or any 
credit support arrangement relating to a Specified Transaction and, after giving effect to any 
applicable notice requirement or grace period, such default results in a liquidation of. an 
acceleration of obligations under, or an early termination of, that Specified Transaction; 
(2) 
defaults, after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement or grace period, in making 
any payment due on the last payment or exchange date of, or any payment on early termination of, a 
Specified Transaction (or, if there is no applicable notice requirement or grace period, such default 
continues for at least one Local Business Day); 
(3) 
defaults in making any delivery due under (including any delivery due on the last delivery 
or exchange date of) a Specified Transaction or any credit support arrangement relating to a 
Specified Transaction and, after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement or grace period, 
such default results in a liquidation of, an acceleration of obligations under, or an early termination 
of, all transactions outstanding under the documentation applicable to that Specified Transaction; or 
(4) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity 
of, a Specified Transaction or any credit support arrangement relating to a Specified Transaction 
that is, in either case. confirmed or evidenced by a document or other confirming evidence executed 
and delivered by that party, Credit Support Provider or Specified Entity (or such action is taken by 
any person or entity appointed or empowered to operate it or act on its behalf); 
ISDAre 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083236 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229420 
EFTA01383518

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383519.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383519.pdf
----------------------------------------
(viii) 
Merger Without Assumption. The party or any Credit Support Provider of such party consolidates 
or amalgamates with, or merges with or into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to, or reorganises, 
reincorporates or reconstitutes into or as, another entity and, at the time of such consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger. transfer. reorganisation, reincorporation or reconstitution:—
(I) 
the resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to assume all the obligations of such party 
or such Credit Support Provider under this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it 
or its predecessor was a party; or 
(2) 
the benefits of any Credit Support Document fail to extend (without the consent of the 
other party) to the performance by such resulting, surviving or transferee entity of its obligations 
under this Agreement. 
(b) 
Termination Events. The occurrence at any time with respect to a party or, if applicable, any Credit 
Support Provider of such party or any Specified Entity of such party of any event specified below constitutes (subject 
to Section 5(c)) an Illegality if the event is specified in clause (i) below, a Force Majeure Event if the event is 
specified in clause (ii) below, a Tax Event if the event is specified in clause (iii) below, a Tax Event Upon Merger if 
the event is specified in clause (iv) below, and, if specified to be applicable, a Credit Event Upoo Merger if the event 
is specified pursuant to clause (v) below or an Additional Termination Event if the event is specified pursuant to 
clause (vi) below:—
(i) 
Illegality. After giving effect to any applicable provision. disruption fallback or remedy specified 
in, or pursuant to, the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement, due to an event or circumstance 
(other than any action taken by a party or, if applicable, any Credit Support Provider of such party) 
occurring after a Transaction is entered into, it becomes unlawful under any applicable law (including 
without limitation the laws of any country in which payment, delivery or compliance is required by either 
party or any Credit Support Provider, as the case may be), on any day, or it would be unlawful if the relevant 
payment, delivery or compliance were required on that day (in each case, other than as a result of a breach 
by the party of Section 4(b)):—
(1) 
for the Office through which such party (which will be the Affected Party) makes and 
receives payments or deliveries with respect to such Transaction to perform any absolute or 
contingent obligation to make a payment or delivery in respect of such Transaction, to receive a 
payment or delivery in respect of such Transaction or to comply with any other material provision 
of this Agreement relating to such Transaction; or 
(2) 
for such party or any Credit Support Provider of such party (which will be the Affected 
Party) to perform any absolute or contingent obligation to make a payment or delivery which such 
party or Credit Support Provider has under any Credit Support Document relating to such 
Transaction, to receive a payment or delivery under such Credit Support Document or to comply 
with any other material provision of such Credit Support Document; 
(ii) 
Force Majeure Event. Alter giving effect to any applicable provision, disruption fallback or 
remedy specified in, or pursuant to, the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement, by reason of 
force majeure or act of state occurring after a Transaction is entered into, on any day:—
(I) 
the Office through which such party (which will be the Affected Party) makes and receives 
payments or deliveries with respect to such Transaction is prevented from performing any absolute 
or contingent obligation to make a payment or delivery in respect of such Transaction, from 
receiving a payment or delivery in respect of such Transaction or from complying with any other 
material provision of this Agreement relating to such Transaction (or would be so prevented if such 
payment, delivery or compliance were required on that day), or it becomes impossible or 
ISDA0 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083238 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229422 
EFTA01383519

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383520.pdf
----------------------------------------
impracticable for such Office so to perform. receive or comply (or it would be impossible or 
impracticable for such Office so to perform, receive or comply if such payment, delivery or 
compliance were required on that day); or 
(2) 
such party or any Credit Support Provider of such party (which will be the Affected Party) 
is prevented from performing any absolute or contingent obligation to make a payment or delivery 
which such party or Credit Support Provider has under any Credit Support Document relating to 
such Transaction, from receiving a payment or delivery under such Credit Support Document or 
from complying with any other material provision of such Credit Support Document (or would be 
so prevented if such payment, delivery Of compliance were required on that day), or it becomes 
impossible or impracticable for such party or Credit Support Provider so to perform, receive or 
comply (or it would be impossible or impracticable for such party or Credit Support Provider so to 
perform, receive or comply if such payment, delivery or compliance were required on that day). 
so long as the force majeure or act of state is beyond the control of such Office, such party or such Credit 
Support Provider, as appropriate, and such Office, party or Credit Support Provider could not, after using all 
reasonable efforts (which will not require such party or Credit Support Provider to incur a loss, other than 
immaterial, incidental expenses), overcome such prevention, impossibility or impracticability; 
(iii) 
Tax Event. Due to (1) any action taken by a taxing authority, or brought in a court of competent 
jurisdiction, after a Transaction is entered into (regardless of whether such action is taken or brought with 
respect to a party to this Agreement) or (2) a Change in Tax Law, the party (which will be the Affected 
Party) will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, on the next succeeding Scheduled Settlement Date 
(A) be required to pay to the other party an additional amount in respect of an lndemnifiable Tax under 
Section 2(d)(iX4) (except in respect of interest under Section 9(h)) or (B) receive a payment from which an 
amount is required to be deducted or withheld for or on account of a Tax (except in respect of interest under 
Section 9(h)) and no additional amount is required to be paid in respect of such Tax under Section 2(d$i)(4) 
(other than by reason of Section 2(dXi)(4XA) or WM 
(iv) 
Tax Event Upon Merger. The party (the "Burdened Party") on the next succeeding Scheduled 
Settlement Date will either (1) be required to pay an additional amount in respect of an Indemniflable Tax 
under Section 2(dX1)(4) (except in respect of interest under Section 9(h)) or (2) receive a payment from 
which an amount has been deducted or withheld for or on account of any Tax in respect of which the other 
party is not required to pay an additional amount (other than by reason of Section 2(dXiX4XA) or (B)), in 
either case as a result of a party consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring 
all or substantially all its assets (or any substantial part of the assets comprising the business conducted by it 
as of the date of this Master Agreement) IO, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting into or as. 
another entity (which will be the Affected Party) where such action does not constitute a Merger Without 
Assumption; 
(v) 
Credit Event Upon Merger. If "Credit Event Upon Merger" is specified in the Schedule as 
applying to the party, a Designated Event (as defined below) occurs with respect to such party, any Credit 
Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party (in each case, "X") and such 
Designated Event does not constitute a Merger Without Assumption. and the creditworthiness of X or, if 
appli.:able, the successor, surviving or transferee entity of X. after taking into account any applicable Credit 
Support Document, is materially weaker immediately after the occurrence of such Designated Event than 
that of X immediately prior to the occurrence of such Designated Event (and, in any such event, such patty 
or its successor, surviving or transferee entity, as appropriate, will be the Affected Party). A "Designated 
Event" with respect to X means that:—
(1) 
X consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges with or into, or transfers all or substantially 
all its assets (or any substantial pan of the assets comprising the business conducted by X as of the 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083239 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229423 
EFTA01383520

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383521.pdf
----------------------------------------
date of this Master Agreement) to, or reorganises. reincorporates or reconstitutes into or as, another 
entity; 
(2) 
any person, related group of persons or entity acquires directly or indirectly the beneficial 
ownership of (A) equity securities having the power to elect a majority of the board of directors (or 
its equivalent) of X or (B) any other ownership interest enabling it to exercise control of X; or 
(3) 
X effects any substantial change in its capital structure by means of the issuance, 
incurrence or guarantee of debt or the issuance of (A) preferred stock or other securities convertible 
into or exchangeable for debt or preferred stock or (B) in the case of entities other than 
corporations, any other form of ownership interest; or 
(vi) 
Additional Termination Event. If any "Additional Termination Event" is specified in the Schedule 
or any Confirmation as applying, the occurrence of such event (and, in such event, the Affected Party or 
Affected Parties will be as specified for such Additional Termination Event in the Schedule or such 
Confirmation). 
(c) 
Hierarchy of Events. 
(i) 
An event or circumstance that constitutes or gives rise to an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event will 
not, for so long as that is the case, also constitute or give rise to an Event of Default under Section 5(a)(0, 
5(a)(iiX I ) or 5(a)(iii)(I) insofar as such event or circumstance relates to the failure to make any payment or 
delivery or a failure to comply with any other material provision of this Agreement or a Credit Support 
Document, as the case may be. 
Except in circumstances contemplated by clause (i) above, if an event or circumstance which would 
otherwise constitute or give rise to an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event also constitutes an Event of 
Default or any other Termination Event, it will be treated as an Event of Default or such other Termination 
Event, as the case may be, and will not constitute or give rise to an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event. 
(iii) 
If an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a Force Majeure Event 
also constitutes an Illegality, it will be treated as an Illegality, except as described in clause (ii) above, and 
not a Force Majeure Event. 
(d) 
Deferral of Payments and Deliveries During Waiting Period. If an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event has 
occurred and is continuing with respect to a Transaction, each payment or delivery which would otherwise be 
required to be made under that Transaction will be deferred to. and will not be due until:—
(i) 
the first Local Business Day or, in the case of a delivery, the first Local Delivery Day (or the first 
day that would have been a Local Business Day or Local Delivery Day, as appropriate, but for the 
occurrence of the event or circumstance constituting or giving rise to that Illegality or Force Majeure Event) 
following the end of any applicable Waiting Period in respect of that Illegality or Force Majeure Event, as 
the case may be; or 
(ii) 
if earlier, the date on which the event or circumstance constituting or giving rise to that Illegality or 
Force Majeure Event ceases to exist or, if such date is not a Local Business Day or. in the case of a delivery, 
a Local Delivery Day, the first following day that is a Local Business Day or Local Delivery Day. as 
appropriate. 
(e) 
Inability of Head or Home Office to Perform Obligations of Branch. If (i) an Illegality or a Force 
Majeure Event occurs under Section 5(bXi)(I) or 5(bXii)(1) and the relevant Office is not the Affected Party's head 
or home office, (ii) Section 10(a) applies. (iii) the other party seeks performance of the relevant obligation or 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083240 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229424 
EFTA01383521

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383522.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383522.pdf
----------------------------------------
compliance with the relevant provision by the Affected Party's head or home office and (iv) the Affected Party's head 
or home office fails so to perform or comply due to the occurrence of an event or circumstance which would, if that 
head or home office were the Office through which the Affected Party makes and receives payments and deliveries 
with respect to the relevant Transaction, constitute or give rise to an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event, and such 
failure would otherwise constitute an Event of Default under Section 5(a)(i) or 5(aXiii)(I) with respect to such party. 
then, for so long as the relevant event or circumstance continues to exist with respect to both the Office referred to in 
Section 5(b)(i)(1) or 5(3XiI)(1), as the case may be, and the Affected Party's head or home office, such failure will 
not constitute an Event of Default under Section 5(a)(i) or 5(aXiii)(I). 
6. 
Early Termination; Close-Out Netting 
(a) 
Right to Terminate Following Event of Default. If at any time an Event of Default with respect to a party 
(the "Defaulting Party") has occurred and is then continuing, the other party (the "Non-defaulting Party") may, by not 
more than 20 days notice to the Defaulting Party specifying the relevant Event of Default, designate a day not earlier 
than the day such notice is effective as an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Transactions. If. 
however, "Automatic Early Termination" is specified in the Schedule as applying to a party, then an Early 
Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Transactions will occur immediately upon the occurrence with respect 
to such party of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(aXvii)(1), (3), (5), (6) or. to the extent analogous thereto. 
(8), and as of the time immediately preceding the institution of the relevant proceeding or the presentation of the 
relevant petition upon the occurrence with respect to such party of an Event of Default specified in 
Section 5(a)(viiX4) or, to the extent analogous thereto, (8). 
(b) 
Right to Terminate Following Termination Event 
(i) 
Notice. If a Termination Event other than a Force Majeure Event occurs, an Affected Party will, 
promptly upon becoming aware of it, notify the other party, specifying the nature of that Termination Event 
and each Affected Transaction, and will also give the other party such other information about that 
Termination Event as the other party may reasonably require. If a Force Majeure Event occurs, each party 
will, promptly upon becoming aware of it, use all reasonable efforts to notify the other party, specifying the 
nature of that Force Majeure Event, and will also give the other party such other information about that 
Force Majeure Event as the other party may reasonably requite. 
(ii) 
Transfer to Avoid Termination Event If a Tax Event occurs and there is only one Affected Party. 
or if a Tax Event Upon Merger occurs and the Burdened Party is the Affected Party, the Affected Party will, 
as a condition to its right to designate an Early Termination Date under Section 6(bXiv), use all reasonable 
efforts (which will not require such party to incur a loss, other than immaterial, incidental expenses) to 
transfer within 20 days after it gives notice under Section 6(bXi) all its rights and obligations under this 
Agreement in respect of the Affected Transactions to another of its Offices or Affiliates so that such 
Termination Event ceases to exist. 
If the Affected Party is not able to make such a transfer it will give notice to the other party to that effect 
within such 20 day period, whereupon the other party may effect such a transfer within 30 days after the 
notice is given under Section 6(bXi). 
Any such transfer by a party under this Section 6(b)(ii) will be subject to and conditional upon the prior 
written consent of the other party, which consent will not be withheld if such other party's policies in effect 
at such time would permit it to enter into transactions with the transferee on the terms proposed. 
(iii) 
Two Affected Parties. If a Tax Event occurs and there are two Affected Parties, each party will use 
all reasonable efforts to reach agreement within 30 days after notice of such occurrence is given under 
Section 6(b)(i) to avoid that Termination Event. 
I I 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083241 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229425 
EFTA01383522

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383523.pdf
----------------------------------------
(d) 
Calculations; Payment Date. 
(i) 
Statement. On or as soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence of an Early 
Termination Date, each party will make the calculations on its part, if any, contemplated by Section 6(e) and 
will provide to the other party a statement (I) showing, in reasonable detail, such calculations (including any 
quotations, market data or information from internal sources used in making such calculations). 
(2) specifying (except where there are two Affected Parties) any Early Termination Amount payable and 
(3) giving details of the relevant account to which any amount payable to it is to be paid. In the absence of 
written confirmation from the source of a quotation or market data obtained in determining a Close-out 
Amount, the records of the party obtaining such quotation or market data will be conclusive evidence of the 
existence and accuracy of such quotation or market data. 
(ii) 
Payment Date. An Early Termination Amount due in respect of any Early Temtination Date will, 
together with any amount of interest payable pursuant to Section 9(h)(ii)(2), be payable (I) on the day on 
which notice of the amount payable is effective in the case of an Early Termination Date which is designated 
or occurs as a result of an Event of Default and (2) on the day which is two Local Business Days after the 
day on which notice of the amount payable is effective (or, if there are two Affected Parties, after the day on 
which the statement provided pursuant to clause (i) above by the second party to provide such a statement is 
effective) in the case of an Early Termination Date which is designated as a result of a Termination Event. 
(e) 
Payments on Early Tennination. If an Early Termination Date occurs, the amount, if any. payable in 
respect of that Early Termination Date (the "Early Termination Amount") will be determined pursuant to this 
Section 6(e) and will he subject to Section 6(f). 
(i) 
Events of Default. If the Early Termination Date results from an Event of Default, the Early 
Termination Amount will be an amount equal to (1) the sum of (A) the Termination Currency Equivalent of 
the Close-out Amount or Close-out Amounts (whether positive or negative) determined by the Non-
defaulting Party for each Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions, as the case may be. 
and (B) the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to the Non-defaulting Party less 
(2) the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to the Defaulting Party. If the Early 
Termination Amount is a positive number, the Defaulting Party will pay it to the Non-defaulting Party; if it 
is a negative number, the Non-defaulting Party will pay the absolute value of the Early Termination Amount 
to the Defaulting Party. 
(ii) 
Termination Events. If the Early Termination Date results from a Termination Event:—
(I) 
One Affected Party. Subject to clause (3) below, if there is one Affected Party, the Party 
Termination Amount will be determined in accordance with Section 6(e)(i), except that references 
to the Defaulting Party and to the Non-defaulting Party will be deemed to be references to the 
Affected Party and to the Non-affected Party, respectively. 
(2) 
Two Affected Parties. Subject to clause (3) below, if there are two Affected Parties, each 
party will determine an amount equal to the Termination Currency Equivalent of the sum of the 
Close-out Amount or Close-out Amounts (whether positive or negative) for each Terminated 
Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions, as the case may be, and the Early Termination 
Amount will be an amount equal to (A) the sum of (I) one-half of the difference between the higher 
amount so determined (by party "X") and the lower amount so determined (by party "Y") and 
(II) the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to X less (B) the 
Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to Y. If the Early Termination 
Amount is a positive number. Y will pay it to X: if it is a negative number, X will pay the absolute 
value of the Early Termination Amount to Y. 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083243 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229427 
EFTA01383523

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383524.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383524.pdf
----------------------------------------
(3) 
Mid-Market Events. If that Termination Event is an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event, 
then the Early Termination Amount will be determined in accordance with clause (I) or (2) above, 
as appropriate, except that. for the purpose of determining a Close-out Amount or Clone-out 
Amounts; the Determining Puny will:—
(A) 
if obtaining quotations from one or more third parties (or from any of the 
Determining Party's Affiliates), ask each third party or Affiliate (I) not to take account of 
the current creditworthiness of the Determining Party or any existing Credit Support 
Document and (U) to provide mid-market quotations; and 
(B) 
in any other case, use mid-market values without regard to the creditworthiness of 
the Determining Patty. 
(iii) 
Adjustment for Bankruptcy. In circumstances where an Early Termination Date occurs because 
Automatic Early Termination applies in respect of a party, the Early Termination Amount will be subject to 
such adjustments as are appropriate and permitted by applicable law to reflect any payments or deliveries 
made by one party to the other under this Agreement (and retained by such other party) during the period 
from the relevant Early Termination Date to the date for payment determined under Section 6(dXii). 
(iv) 
Adjustment for Illegality or Force Majeure Event The failure by a party or any Credit Support 
Provider of such party to pay, when due, any Early Termination Amount will not constitute an Event of 
Default under Section 5(a)(i) or 5(a)(iiiX I) if such failure is due to the occurrence of an event or 
circumstance which would, if it occurred with respect to payment, delivery or compliance related to a 
Transaction, constitute or give rise to an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event. Such amount will (1) accrue 
interest and otherwise he treated as an Unpaid Amount owing to the other patty if subsequently an Early 
Termination Date results from an Event of Default, a Credit Event Upon Merger or an Additional 
Termination Event in respect of which all outstanding Transactions arc Affected Transactions and 
(2) otherwise accrue interest in accordance with Section 9(hX11X2). 
(v) 
Pre-Estimate. The parties agree that an amount recoverable under this Section 6(c) is a reasonable 
pre-estimate of loss and not a penalty. Such amount is payable for the loss of bargain and the loss of 
protection against future risks, and, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, neither party will be 
entitled to recover any additional damages as a consequence of the termination of the Terminated 
Transactions. 
(0 
Set-Off Any Early Termination Amount payable to one party (the "Payee") by the other party (the 
"Payer"), in circumstances where there is a Defaulting Party or where there is one Affected Party in the case where 
either a Credit Event Upon Merger has occurred or any other Termination Event in respect of which all outstanding 
Transactions are Affected Transactions has occurred, will, at the option of the Non-defaulting Party or the Non-
affected Party, as the case may be ("X") (and without prior notice to the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party, as the 
case may be), be reduced by its set-off against any other amounts ("Other Amounts") payable by the Payee to the 
Payer (whether or not arising under this Agreement. matured or contingent and irrespective of the currency, place of 
payment or place of booking of the obligation). To the extent that any Other Amounts are so set off, those Other 
Amounts will be discharged promptly and in all respects. X will give notice to the other party of any set-off effected 
under this Section 6(0. 
For this purpose, either the Early Termination Amount or the Other Amounts (or the relevant portion of such 
amounts) may be converted by X into the currency in which the other is denominated at the rate of exchange at which 
such party would be able, in good faith and using commercially reasonable procedures, to purchase the relevant 
amount of such currency. 
Id 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083244 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229428 
EFTA01383524

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383525.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383525.pdf
----------------------------------------
If an obligation is unascertained, X may in good faith estimate that obligation and set off in respect of the estimate. 
subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained. 
Nothing in this Section 6(f) will be effective to create a charge or other security interest. This Section 6(f) will be 
without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, offset, combination of accounts, lien, right of retention or 
withholding or similar right or requirement to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled or subject (whether by 
operation of law, contract or otherwise). 
7. 
Transfer 
Subject to Section 6(b)(iii and to the extent permitted by applicable law, neither this Agreement nor any interest or 
obligation in or under this Agreement may be transferred (whether by way of security or otherwise) by either party 
without the prior written consent of the other party. except that — 
(a) 
a party may make such a transfer of this Agreement pursuant to a consolidation or amalgamation with. or 
merger with or into, or transfer of all or substantially all its assets to, another entity (but without prejudice to any 
other right or remedy under this Agreement); and 
(b) 
a party may make such a transfer of all or any part of its interest in any Early Termination Amount payable 
to it by a Defaulting Party, together with any amounts payable on or with respect to that interest and any other rights 
associated with that interest pursuant to Sections 8, 9(h) and II. 
Any purported transfer that is not in compliance with this Section 7 will be void. 
8. 
Contractual Currency 
(a) 
Payment in the Contractual Currency. Each payment under this Agreement will be made in the relevant 
currency specified in this Agreement for that payment (the "Contractual Currency"). To the extent permitted by 
applicable law, any obligation to make payments under this Agreement in the Contractual Currency will not be 
discharged or satisfied by any tender in any currency other than the Contractual Currency, except to the extent such 
tender results in the actual receipt by the party to which payment is owed, acting in good faith and using 
commercially reasonable procedures in converting the currency so tendered into the Contractual Currency, of the full 
amount in the Contractual Currency of all amounts payable in respect of this Agreement. If for any reason the 
amount in the Contractual Currency so received falls short of the amount in the Contractual Currency payable in 
respect of this Agreement, the party required to make the payment will, to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
immediately pay such additional amount in the Contractual Currency as may be necessary to compensate for the 
shortfall. If for any reason the amount in the Contractual Currency so received exceeds the amount in the Contractual 
Currency payable in respect of this Agreement, the party receiving the payment will refund promptly the amount of 
such excess. 
(b) 
Judgments. To the extent permitted by applicable law, if any judgment or order expressed in a currency 
other than the Contractual Currency is rendered (i) for the payment of any amount owing in respect of this 
Agreement. (ii) for the payment of any amount relating to any early termination in respect of this Agreement or (iii) in 
respect of a judgment or order of another court for the payment of any amount described in clause (i) or (ii) above, 
the party seeking recovery, after recovery in full of the aggregate amount to which such party is entitled pursuant to 
the judgment or order, will be entitled to receive immediately from the other party the amount of any shortfall of the 
Contractual Currency received by such party as a consequence of sums paid in such other currency and will refund 
promptly to the other party any excess of the Contractual Currency received by such party as a consequence of sums 
paid in such other currency if such shortfall or such excess arises or results from any variation between the rate of 
exchange at which the Contractual Currency is converted into the currency of the judgment or order for the purpose 
of such judgment or order and the rate of exchange at which such party is able, acting in good faith and using 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083245 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229429 
EFTA01383525

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383526.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383526.pdf
----------------------------------------
commercially reasonable procedures in convening the currency received into the Contractual Currency, to purchase 
the Contractual Currency with the amount of the currency of the judgment or order actually received by such party. 
(c) 
Separate Indemnities. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the indemnities in this Section 8 
constitute separate and independent obligations from the other obligations in this Agreement, will be enforceable as 
separate and independent causes of action, will apply notwithstanding any indulgence granted by the party to which 
any payment is owed and will not be affected by judgment being obtained or claim or proof being made for any other 
sums payable in respect of this Agreement. 
(d) 
Evidence of Loss. For the purpose of this Section 8, it will be sufficient for a party to demonstrate that it 
would have suffered a lass had an actual exchange or purchase been made. 
9. 
Miscellaneous 
(a) 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with 
respect to its subject matter. Each of the parties acknowledges that in entering into this Agreement it has not relied 
on any oral or written representation, warranty or other assurance (except as provided for or referred to in this 
Agreement) and waives all rights and remedies which might otherwise be available to it in respect thereof, except that 
nothing in this Agreement will limit or exclude any liability of a party for fraud. 
(h) 
Amendments. An amendment, modification or waiver in respect of this Agreement will only be effective if 
in writing (including a writing evidenced by a facsimile transmission) and executed by each of the parties or 
confirmed by an exchange of telexes or by an exchange of electronic messages on an electronic messaging system. 
(c) 
Survival of Obligations. Without prejudice to Sections 2(a)(iii) and 6(c)(ii), the obligations of the parties 
under this Agreement will survive the termination of any Transaction. 
(d) 
Remedies Cumulative. Except as provided in this Agreement. the rights, powers, remedies and privileges 
provided in this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, powers, remedies and privileges provided 
by law. 
(e) 
Counterparts and Confirmations. 
(i) 
This Agreement (and each amendment, modification and waiver in respect of it) may be executed 
and delivered in counterparts (including by facsimile transmission and by electronic messaging system), each 
of which will be deemed an original. 
(ii) 
The parties intend that they are legally bound by the terms of each Transaction from the moment 
they agree to those terms (whether orally or otherwise). A Confirmation will be entered into as soon as 
practicable and may be executed end delivered in counterparts (including by facsimile transmission) or be 
created by an exchange of telexes, by an exchange of electronic messages on an electronic messaging system 
or by an exchange of e-mails, which in each case will be sufficient for all purposes to evidence a binding 
supplement to this Agreement. The parties will specify therein or through another effective means that any 
such counterpart, telex, electronic message or c•mail constitutes a Confirmation. 
(f) 
No Waiver of Rights. A failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege in respect of this 
Agreement will not be presumed to operate as a waiver, and a single or partial exercise of any right, power or 
privilege will not be presumed to preclude any subsequent or further exercise, of that right, power or privilege or the 
exercise of any other right. power or privilege. 
(g) 
Headings. The headings used in this Agreement arc for convenience of reference only and are not to affect 
the construction of or to be taken into consideration in interpreting this Agreement. 
LSDA 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083246 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229430 
EFTA01383526

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383527.pdf
----------------------------------------
(h) 
Interest and Compensation. 
(i) 
Prior to Early Termination. Prior to the occurrence or effective designation of an Early 
Termination Date in respect of the relevant Transaction:—
(I) 
Interest on Defaulted Payments. If a party defaults in the performance of any payment 
obligation, it will, to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 6(c). pay interest 
(before as well as after judgment) on the overdue amount to the other party on demand in the same 
currency as the overdue amount, for the period from (and including) the original due date for 
payment to (but excluding) the date of actual payment (and excluding any period in respect of 
which interest or compensation in respect of the overdue amount is due pursuant to clause (3)(B) or 
(C) below), at the Default Rate. 
(2) 
Compensation for Defaulted Deliveries. If a party defaults in the performance of any 
obligation required to be settled by delivery, it will on demand (A) compensate the other party to 
the extent provided for in the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement and (13) unless 
otherwise provided in the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement. to the extent 
permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 6(c). pay to the other party interest (before as 
well as after judgment) on an amount equal to the fair market value of that which was required to be 
delivered in the same currency as that amount, for the period from (and including) the originally 
scheduled date for delivery to (but excluding) the date of actual delivery (and excluding any period 
in respect of which interest or compensation in respect of that amount is due pursuant to clause (4) 
below), at the Default Rate. The fair market value of any obligation referred to above will be 
determined as of the originally scheduled date for delivery, in good faith and using commercially 
reasonable procedures. by the party that was entitled to take delivery. 
(3) 
Interest on Deferred Payments. If:—
(A) 
a party does not pay any amount that, but for Section 2(a)(iii), would have been 
payable, it will, to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 6(c) and 
clauses (B) and (C) below, pay interest (before as well as after judgment) on that amount 
to the other party on demand (after such amount becomes payable) in the same currency as 
that amount, for the period from (and including) the date the amount would, but for 
Section 2(a)(iii), have been payable to (but excluding) the date the amount actually 
becomes payable, at the Applicable Deferral Rate; 
(B) 
a payment is deferred pursuant to Section 5(d), the party which would otherwise 
have been required to make that payment will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
subject to Section 6(c) and for so long as no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default 
with respect to that party has occurred and is continuing, pay interest (before as well as 
after judgment) on the amount of the deferred payment to the other party on demand (after 
such amount becomes payable) in the same currency as the deferred payment, for the 
period from (and including) the date the amount would, but for Section 5(4), have been 
payable to (but excluding) the earlier of the date the payment is no longer deferred 
pursuant to Section 5(d) and the date during the deferral period upon which an Event of 
Default or Potential Event of Default with respect to that party occurs, at the Applicable 
Deferral Rate; or 
(C) 
a party fails to make any payment due to the occurrence of an Illegality or a Force 
Majeure Event (after giving effect to any deferral period contemplated by clause (B) 
above), it will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, subject to Section 6(e) and for so 
long as the event or circumstance giving rise to that Illegality or Force Majeure Event 
I7 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083247 
SDNY_GM_00229431 
EFTA01383527

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383528.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383528.pdf
----------------------------------------
continues and no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default with respect to that party 
has occurred and is continuing, pay interest (before as well as after judgment) on the 
overdue amount to the other party on demand in the same currency as the overdue amount, 
for the period from (and including) the date the party fails to make the payment due to the 
occurrence of the relevant Illegality or Force Majeure Event (or, if later, the date the 
payment is no longer deferred pursuant to Section 5(d)) to (but excluding) the earlier of the 
date the event or circumstance giving rise to that Illegality or Force Majeure Event on 
to exist and the date during the period upon which an Event of Default or Potential Event 
of Default with respect to that party occurs (and excluding any period in respect of which 
interest or compensation in respect of the overdue amount is due pursuant to clause (B) 
above), at the Applicable Deferral Rate. 
(4) 
Compensation for Deferred Deliveries. If:—
(A) 
a party does not perform any obligation that, but for Section 2(a)(iii), would have 
been required to be settled by delivery; 
(B) 
a delivery is deferred pursuant to Section 5(d); or 
(C) 
a party fails to make a delivery due to the occurrence of an Illegality or a Force 
Majeure Event at a time when any applicable Waiting Period bas expired. 
the patty required (or that would otherwise have been required) to make the delivery will, to the 
extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 6(c), compensate and pay interest to the 
other party on demand (after, in the case of clauses (A) and (B) above. such delivery is required) if 
and to the extent provided for in the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement. 
(ii) 
Early Termination. Upon the occurrence or effective designation of an Early Termination Date in 
respect of a Transaction:—
(I) 
Unpaid Amounts. For the purpose of determining an Unpaid Amount in respect of the 
relevant Transaction, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, interest will scent on the 
amount of any payment obligation or the amount equal to the fair market value of any obligation 
required to be settled by delivery included in such determination in the same currency as that 
amount, for the period from (and including) the date the relevant obligation was (or would have 
been but for Section 2(a)(iii) or 5(d)) required to have been performed to (but excluding) the 
relevant Early Termination Date, at the Applicable Close-out Rate. 
(2) 
Interest on Early Termination Amounts. If an Early Termination Amount is due in respect 
of such Early Termination Date, that amount will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be paid 
together with interest (before as well as after judgment) on that amount in the Termination 
Currency, for the period from (and including) such Early Termination Date to (but excluding) the 
date the amount is paid, at the Applicable Close-out Rate. 
(iii) 
Interest Cakulation. Any interest pursuant to this Section 9(h) will be calculated on the basis of 
daily compounding and the actual number of days elapsed. 
I8 
ISDA0 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083248 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229432 
EFTA01383528

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383529.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383529.pdf
----------------------------------------
10. 
Offices; Multibranch Parties 
(a) 
If Section 10(a) is specified in the Schedule as applying, each party that enters into a Transaction through an 
Office other than its head or home office represents to and agrees with the other party that, notwithstanding the place 
of booking or its jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation. its obligations are the same in terms of recourse against 
it as if it had entered into the Transaction through its head or home office, except that a party will not have recourse 
to the head or home office of the other party in respect of any payment or delivery deferred pursuant to Section 5(d) 
for so long as the payment or delivery is so deferred. This representation and agreement will be deemed to be 
repeated by each party on each date on which the parties enter into a Transaction. 
(b) 
If a party is specified as a Multibranch Party in the Schedule, such party may, subject to clause (c) below, 
enter into a Transaction through, book a Transaction in and make and receive payments and deliveries with respect to 
a Transaction through any Office listed in respect of that party in the Schedule (but not any other Office unless 
otherwise agreed by the parties in writing). 
(c) 
The Office through which a party enters into a Transaction will be the Office specified for that party in the 
relevant Confirmation or as otherwise agreed by the parties in writing, and, if an Office for that party is not specified 
in the Confirmation or otherwise agreed by the parties in writing, its head or home office. Unless the parties 
otherwise agree in writing, the Office through which a party enters into a Transaction will also be the Office in which 
it books the Transaction and the Office through which it makes and receives payments and deliveries with respect to 
the Transaction. Subject to Section 6(b)(ii), neither patty may change the Office in which it books the Transaction or 
the Office through which it makes and receives payments or deliveries with respect to a Transaction without the prior 
written consent of the other party. 
11. 
Expenses 
A Defaulting Party will on demand indemnify and hold harmless the other party for and against all reasonable out-of-
pocket expenses, including legal fees, execution fees and Stamp Tax, incurred by such other party by reason of the 
enforcement and protection of its rights under this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which the 
Defaulting Party is a party or by reason of the early termination of any Transaction, including, but not limited to, 
costs of collection. 
12. 
Notices 
(a) 
Effectiveness. Any notice or other communication in respect of this Agreement may be given in any manner 
described below (except that a notice or other communication under Section 5 or 6 may not be given by electronic 
messaging system or email) to the address or number or in accordance with the electronic messaging system or 
email details provided (see the Schedule) and will be deemed effective as indicated:—
Oil
 in writing and delivered in person or by courier, on the date it is delivered; 
(ii) 
if sent by telex, on the date the recipient's answerback is received; 
(iii) 
if sent by facsimile transmission, on the date it is received by a responsible employee of the 
recipient in legible form (it being agreed that the burden of proving receipt will be on the sender and will not 
be met by a transmission report generated by the sender's facsimile machine); 
(iv) 
if sent by certified or registered mail (airmail, if overseas) or the equivalent (return receipt 
requested), on the date it is delivered or its delivery is attempted; 
(v) 
if sent by electronic messaging system, on the date it is received; or 
LSDAD 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083249 
SDNY_GM_00229433 
EFTA01383529

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383530.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383530.pdf
----------------------------------------
(vi) 
if sent by e-mail, on the date it is delivered, 
unless the datc of that delivery (or attempted delivery) or that receipt, as applicable, is not a Local Business Day or 
that communication is delivered (or attempted) or received, as applicable, after the close of business on a Local 
Business Day, in which case that communication will be deemed given and effective on the first following day that is 
a Local Business Day. 
(b) 
Change of Details. Either party may by notice to the other change the address, telex or facsimile number or 
electronic messaging system or e-mail details at which notices or other communications are to be given to it. 
13. 
Goventing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law specified in 
the Schedule. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction. With respect to any suit, action or proceedings relating to any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with this Agreement ("Proceedings"), each party irrevocably:—
(I)
 ) 
if this Agreement is expressed to be governed by English law, to (A) the non-exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts if the Proceedings do not involve a Convention Court and (B) the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts if the Proceedings do involve a Convention Court; or 
(2) 
if this Agreement is expressed to be governed by the laws of the State of New York, to the 
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the coons of the State of New York and the United States District 
Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City; 
(ii) 
waives any objection which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings 
brought in any such court, waives any claim that such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient 
forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings, that such court does not have 
any jurisdiction over such party; and 
(iii) 
agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that the bringing of Proceedings in any one or 
more jurisdictions will not preclude the bringing of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Service of Process. Each party irrevocably appoints the Process Agent, if any. specified opposite its name 
in the Schedule to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings. If for any reason any 
party's Process Agent is unable to act as such. such party will promptly notify the other party and within 30 days 
appoint a substitute process agent acceptable to the other party. The parties irrevocably consent to service of process 
given in the manner provided for notices in Section 12(a)(i), 12(aXiii) or i2(aXiv). Nothing in this Agreement will 
affect the right of either party to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. 
(d) 
Waiver of Immunities. Each party irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted by applicable law, with 
respect to itself and its revenues and assets (irrespective of their use or intended use), all immunity on the grounds of 
sovereignty or other similar grounds from (i) suit. (ii) jurisdiction of any court, (iii) relief by way of injunction or 
order for specific performance or recovery of property, (iv) attachment of its assets (whether before or after 
judgment) and (v) execution or enforcement of any judgment to which it or its revenues or assets might otherwise be 
entitled in any Proceedings in the courts of any jurisdiction and irrevocably agrees, to the extent permitted by 
applicable law, that it will not claim any such immunity in any Proceedings. 
ISDA. 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083250 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229434 
EFTA01383530

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383531.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383531.pdf
----------------------------------------
14. 
Definitions 
As used in this Agreement:—
"Additional Representation" has the meaning specified in Section 3. 
"Additional Termination Event" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b). 
"Affected Party" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b). 
"Affected Transactions" means (a) with respect to any Termination Event consisting of an Illegality. Force Majeure 
Event, Tax Event or Tax Event Upon Merger, all Transactions affected by the occurrence of such Termination Event 
(which, in the case of an Illegality under Section 5(b)(0(2) or a Force Majeure Event under Section 5(bXiiX2), means 
all Transactions unless the relevant Credit Support Document references only certain Transactions, in which case 
those Transactions and, if the relevant Credit Support Document constitutes a Confirmation for a Transaction, that 
Transaction) and (b) with respect to any other Termination Event, all Transactions. 
"Affiliate" means, subject to the Schedule, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common 
control with the person. For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of the entity or person. 
"Agreement" has the meaning specified in Section l(c). 
"Applicable Close-out Rate" means:—
(a) 
in respect of the determination of an Unpaid Amount:—
(i) 
in respect of obligations payable or deliverable (or which would have been but for Section 2(aXiii)) 
by a Defaulting Party, the Default Rate; 
(ii) 
in respect of obligations payable or deliverable (or which would have been but for Section 2(a)(iii)) 
by a Non-defaulting Party, the Non-default Rate; 
(iii) 
in respect of obligations deferred pursuant to Section 5(d). if there is no Defaulting Party and for so 
long as the deferral period continues, the Applicable Deferral Rate; and 
(iv) 
in all other cases following the occurrence of a Termination Event (except where interest accrues 
pursuant to clause (iii) above), the Applicable Deferral Rate; and 
(b) 
in respect of an Early Termination Amount:—
(i) 
for the period from (and including) the relevant Early Termination Date to (but excluding) the date 
(determined in accordance with Section ti(dXii)) on which that amount is payable:—
(I) 
if the Early Temtination Amount is payable by a Defaulting Party, the Default Rate; 
(2) 
if the Early Termination Amount is payable by a Non-defaulting Party, the Non-default 
Rate; and 
(3) 
iii all other cases, the Applicable Deferral Rate; and 
ISDA4) 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083251 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229435 
EFTA01383531

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383532.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383532.pdf
----------------------------------------
(ii) 
for the period from (and including) the date (determined in accordance with Section 6(d)(ii)) on 
which that amount is payable to (but excluding) the date of actual payment:—
(1) 
if a party fails to pay the Early Termination Amount due to the occurrence of an event or 
circumstance which would, if it occurred with respect to a payment or delivery under a Transaction, 
constitute or give rise to an Illegality or a Force Majeure Event, and for so long as the Early 
Termination Amount remains unpaid due to the continuing existence of such event or circumstance, 
the Applicable Deferral Rate; 
(2) 
if the Early Termination Amount is payable by a Defaulting Party (but excluding any 
period in respect of which clause (1) above applies), the Default Rate; 
(3) 
if the Early Termination Amount is payable by a Non-defaulting Party (but excluding any 
period in respect of which clause (1) above applies), the Non-default Rate; and 
(4) 
in all other cases, the Termination Rate. 
"Applicable Deferral Rate" means:—
(a) 
for the purpose of Section 9(h)(0(3)(A), the rate certified by the relevant payer to be a rate offered to the 
payer by a major bank in a relevant interbank market for overnight deposits in the applicable currency, such bank to 
be selected in good faith by the payer for the purpose of obtaining a representative rate that will reasonably reflect 
conditions prevailing at the time in that relevant market; 
(b) 
for purposes of Section 9(h)(i)(3XB) and clause (a)(iii) of the definition of Applicable Closeout Rate, the 
rate certified by the relevant payer to be a rate offered to prime banks by a major bank in a relevant interbank market 
for overnight deposits in the applicable currency, such bank to be selected in good faith by the payer after 
consultation with the other party, if practicable, for the purpose of obtaining a representative rate that will reasonably 
reflect conditions prevailing at the time in that relevant market; and 
(c) 
for purposes of Section 9(h)(i)(3)(C) and clauses (a)(iv), (b)(i)(3) and (b)(ii)(1) of the definition of 
Applicable Close-out Rate, a rate equal to the arithmetic mean of the rate determined pursuant to clause (a) above and 
a rate per annum equal to the cost (without proof or evidence of any actual cost) to the relevant payee (as certified by 
it) if it were to fund or of funding the relevant amount. 
"Automatic Early Termination" has the meaning specified in Section 6(a). 
"Burdened Party" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b)(iv). 
"Change in Tax Law" means the enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of, or any change in or 
amendment to. any law (or in the application or official interpretation of any law) that occurs after the parties enter 
into the relevant Transaction. 
"Close-out Amount" means, with respect to each Terminated Transaction or each group of Terminated Transactions 
and a Determining Party, the amount of the losses or costs of the Determining Party that are or would be incurred 
under then prevailing circumstances (expressed as a positive number) or gains of the Determining Party that are or 
would be realised under then prevailing circumstances (expressed as a negative number) in replacing, or in providing 
for the Determining Party the economic equivalent of. (a) the material terms of that Terminated Transaction or group 
of Terminated Transactions, including the payments and deliveries by the parties under Section 2(aXi) in respect of 
that Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions that would, but for the occurrence of the relevant 
Early Termination Date, have been required after that date (assuming satisfaction of the conditions precedent in 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083252 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229438 
EFTA01383532

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383533.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383533.pdf
----------------------------------------
Section 2(a)(iii)) and (b) the option rights of the parties in respect of that Terminated Transaction or group of 
Terminated Transactions. 
Any Close-out Amount will be determined by the Determining Party (or its agent), which will act in good faith and 
use commercially reasonable procedures in order to produce a commercially reasonable result. The Determining 
Party may determine a Close-out Amount for any group of Terminated Transactions or any individual Terminated 
Transaction but, in the aggregate, for not less than all Terminated Transactions. Each Close-out Amount will be 
determined as of the Early Termination Date or, if that would not be commercially reasonable. as of the date or dates 
following the Early Termination Date as would be commercially reasonable. 
Unpaid Amounts in respect of a Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions and legal fees and out-
of-pocket expenses referred to in Section I I are to be excluded in all determinations of Close-out Amounts. 
In determining a Close-out Amount, the Determining Party may consider any relevant information, including, without 
limitation, one or more of the following types of information:—
(0 
quotations (either firm or indicative) for replacement transactions supplied by one or more third parties that 
may take into account the creditworthiness of the Detennining Party at the time the quotation is provided and the 
terms of any relevant documentation. including credit support documentation, between the Determining Party and the 
third party providing the quotation; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one or more third parties 
including, without limitation, relevant rates, prices, yields, yield curves. volatilities, spreads, correlations or other 
relevant market data in the relevant market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in clause (i) or (ii) above from internal sources (including any of the 
Determining Party's Affiliates) if that information is of the same type used by the Detennining Party in the regular 
course of its business for the valuation of similar transactions. 
The Determining Party will consider, taking into account the standards and procedures described in this definition, 
quotations pursuant to clause (i) above or relevant market data pursuant to clause (ii) above unless the Determining 
Party reasonably believes in good faith that such quotations or relevant market data are not readily available or would 
produce a result that would not satisfy those standards. When considering information described in clause (i), (ii) or 
(iii) above, the Determining Party may include costs of funding. to the extent costs of funding are not and would not 
be a component of the other information being utilised. Third parties supplying quotations pursuant to, clause (i) 
above or market data pursuant to clause (ii) above may include, without limitation, dealers in the relevant markets, 
end-users of the relevant product, information vendors, brokers and other sources of market information. 
Without duplication of amounts calculated based on information described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, or other 
relevant information, and when it is commercially reasonable to do so, the Determining Party may in addition 
consider in calculating a Close-out Amount any loss or cost incurred in connection with its terminating, liquidating or 
re-establishing any hedge related to a Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions (or any gain 
resulting from any of them). 
Commercially reasonable procedures used in determining a Close-out Amount may include the following:—
(I) 
application to relevant market data from third parties pursuant to clause (ii) above or information from 
internal sources pursuant to clause (iii) above of pricing or other valuation models that are, at the time of the 
determination of the Close-out Amount, used by the Determining Patty in the regular course of its business in pricing 
or valuing transactions between the Determining Party and unrelated third parties that are similar to the Terminated 
Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions; and 
ISMS 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083253 
SDNY GM_00229437 
EFTA01383533

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383534.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383534.pdf
----------------------------------------
"Indeningiable Tax" means any Tax other than a Tax that would not be imposed in respect of a payment under this 
Agreement but for a present or former connection between the jurisdiction of the government or taxation authority 
imposing such Tax and the recipient of such payment or a person related to such recipient (including, without 
limitation, a connection arising from such recipient or related person being or having been a citizen or resident of 
such jurisdiction, or being or having been organised, present or engaged in a trade or business in such jurisdiction, or 
having or having had a permanent establishment or fixed place of business in such jurisdiction, but excluding a 
connection arising solely from such recipient or related person having executed, delivered, performed its obligations 
or received a payment under. or enforced, this Agreement or a Credit Support Document). 
"law" includes any treaty, law. rule or regulation (as modified, in the case of tax matters, by the practice of any 
relevant governmental revenue authority), and "unlawful" will be construed accordingly. 
"Local Business Day" means (a) in relation to any obligation under Section 2(aXi), a General Business Day in the 
place or places specified in the relevant Confirmation and a day on which a relevant settlement system is open or 
operating as specified in the relevant Confirmation or, if a place or a settlement system is not so specified, as 
otherwise agreed by the parties in writing or determined pursuant to provisions contained, or incorporated by 
reference, in this Agreement, (b) for the purpose of determining when a Waiting Period expires, a General Business 
Day in the place where the event or circumstance that constitutes or gives rise to the illegality or Force Majeure 
Event, as the case may be. occurs, (c) in relation to any other payment. a General Business Day in the place where the 
relevant account is located and, if different. in the principal financial centre, if any, of the currency of such payment 
and, if that currency does not have a single recognised principal financial centre, a day on which the settlement 
system necessary to accomplish such payment is open, (d) in relation to any notice or other communication, including 
notice contemplated under Section *Xi), a General Business Day (or a day that would have been a General 
Business Day but for the occurrence of an event or circumstance which would, if it occurred with respect to payment, 
delivery or compliance related to a Transaction, constitute or give rise to an illegality or a Force Majeure Event) in 
the place specified in the address for notice provided by the recipient and, in the case of a notice contemplated by 
Section 2(b), in the place where the relevant new account is to be located and (e) in relation to Section 5(tXvX2), a 
General Business Day in the relevant locations for performance with respect to such Specified Transaction. 
"Local Delivery Day" means, for purposes of Sections 5(a)(i) and 5(d). a day on which settlement systems necessary 
to accomplish the relevant delivery are generally open for business so that the delivery is capable of being 
accomplished in accordance with customary market practice, in the place specified in the relevant Confirmation or, if 
not so specified, in a location as determined in accordance with customary market practice for the relevant delivery. 
"Master Agreement" has the meaning specified in the preamble. 
"Merger Without Assumption" means the event specified in Section 5(a)(viii). 
"Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" has the meaning specified in Section 2(c). 
"Non-affected Party" means, so long as there is only one Affected Party. the other party. 
"Non-default Rate" means the rate certified by the Non-defaulting Party to be a rate offered to the Non-defaulting 
Party by a major bank in a relevant interbank market for overnight deposits in the applicable currency. such bank to 
be selected in good faith by the Non-defaulting Party for the purpose of obtaining a representative rate that will 
reasonably reflect conditions prevailing at the time in that relevant market. 
"Non-defaulting Party" has the meaning specified in Section 6(a). 
"Office" means a branch or office of a party, which may be such party's head or home office. 
"Other Amounts" has the meaning specified in Section 6(0. 
ISDAS 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083255 
SDNY_GM_00229439 
EFTA01383534

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383535.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383535.pdf
----------------------------------------
"Payee"has the meaning specified in Section 6(0. 
"Payer" has the meaning specified in Section 6(0. 
"Potential Event of Default" means any event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would 
constitute an Event of Default. 
"Proceedings" has the meaning specified in Section 13(b). 
"Process Agent" has the meaning specified in the Schedule. 
"rate of exchange" includes, without limitation, any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the 
purchase of or conversion into the Contractual Currency. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means, with respect to a party, the jurisdictions (a) in which the party is incorporated. 
organised. managed and controlled or considered to have its seat, (b) where an Office through which the party is 
acting for purposes of this Agreement is located, (c) in which the party executes this Agreement and (d) in relation to 
any payment, from or through which such payment is made. 
"Schedule" has the meaning specified in the preamble. 
"Scheduled Settlement Date" means a date on which a payment or delivery is to be made under Section 2(a)(i) with 
respect to a Transaction. 
"Specified Entity" has the meaning specified in the Schedule. 
"Specified Indebtedness" means, subject to the Schedule, any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or 
otherwise, as principal or surety or otherwise) in respect of borrowed money. 
"Spectfied Transaction" means, subject to the Schedule, (a) any transaction (including an agreement with respect to 
any such transaction) now existing or hereafter entered into between one party to this Agreement (or any Credit 
Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party) and the other party to this Agreement 
(or any Credit Support Provider of such other party or any applicable Specified Entity of such other party) which is 
not a Transaction under this Agreement but (i) which is a rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate 
transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond 
option, interest rate option. foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, 
currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option, credit protection transaction, credit 
swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total return swap, credit spread transaction. repurchase transaction, 
reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction, securities lending transaction, weather index transaction or 
forward purchase or sale of a security, commodity or other financial instrument or interest (including any option with 
respect to any of these transactions) or (ii) which is a type of transaction that is similar to any transaction referred to 
in clause (i) above that is currently, or in the future becomes, recurrently entered into in the financial markets 
(including terms and conditions incorporated by reference in such agreement) and which is a forward, swap, future, 
option or other derivative on one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity securities or other equity 
instruments, debt securities or other debt instruments, economic indices or measures of economic risk or value, or 
other benchmarks against which payments or deliveries are to be made, (b) any combination of these transactions and 
(c) any other transaction identified as a Specified Transaction in this Agreement or the relevant confirmation. 
"Stamp Tax" means any stamp, registration, documentation or similar tax. 
"Stamp Tax Jurisdiction" has the meaning specified in Section 4(e). 
ISDA® 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083256 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229440 
EFTA01383535

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383536.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383536.pdf
----------------------------------------
"Tax" means any present or future tax, levy, impoSt, duty, charge, assessment or fee of any nature (including interest, 
penalties and additions thereto) that is imposed by any government or other taxing authority in respect of any 
payment under this Agreement other than a stamp. registration, documentation or similar tax. 
"Tax Event" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b). 
"Tar Event Upon Merger" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b). 
"Terminated Transactions" means, with respect to any Early Termination Date. (a) if resulting from an Illegality or 
a Force Majeure Event, all Affected Transactions specified in the notice given pursuant to Section 6(bXiv), (b) if 
resulting from any other Termination Event, all Affected Transactions and (c) if resulting from an Event of Default, 
all Transactions in effect either immediately before theeffectiveness of the notice designating that Early Termination 
Date or, if Automatic Early Termination applies, immediately before that Early Termination Date. 
"Termination Currency" means (a) if a Termination Currency is specified in the Schedule and that currency is freely 
available, that currency, and (b) otherwise, euro if this Agreement is expressed to be governed by English law or 
United States Dollars if this Agreement is expressed to be governed by the laws of the State of New York. 
"Termination Currency Equivalent" means, in respect of any amount denominated in the Termination Currency, 
such Termination Currency amount and, in respect of any amount denominated in a currency other than the 
Termination Currency (the "Other Currency"), the amount in the Termination Currency determined by the party 
making the relevant determination as being required to purchase such amount of such Other Currency as at the 
relevant Early Termination Date, or, if the relevant Close-out Amount is determined as of a later date, that later date, 
with the Termination Currency at the rate equal to the spot exchange rate of the foreign exchange agent (selected as 
provided below) for the purchase of such Other Currency with the Termination Currency at or about 11:00 a.m. (in 
the city in which such foreign exchange agent is located) on such date as would be customary for the determination of 
such a rate for the purchase of such Other Currency for value on the relevant Early Termination Date or that later 
date. The foreign exchange agent will, if only one party is obliged to make a determination under Section 6(e), be 
selected in good faith by that party and otherwise will be agreed by the parties. 
"Termination Event" means an Illegality, a Force Majeure Event, a Tax Event, a Tax Event Upon Merger or, if 
specified to be applicable, a Credit Event Upon Merger or an Additional Termination Event. 
"Termination Rate" means a rate per annum equal to the arithmetic mean of the cost (without proof or evidence of 
any actual cost) to each party (as certified by such party) if it were to fund or of funding such amounts. 
"Threshold Amount" means the amount, if any. specified as such in the Schedule. 
"Transaction" has the meaning specified in the preamble. 
"Unpaid Amounts" owing to any party means, with respect to an Early Termination Date, the aggregate of (a) in 
respect of all Terminated Transactions, the amounts that became payable (or that would have become payable but for 
Section 2(a)(iii) or due but for Section 5(d)) to such party under Section 2(aXi) or 2(dXiX4) on or prior to such Early 
Termination Date and which remain unpaid as at such Early Termination Date. (b) in respect of each Terminated 
Transaction, for each obligation under Section 2(aXi) which was (or would have been but for Section 2(aXiii) or 
5(d)) required to be settled by delivery to such party on or prior to such Early Termination Date and which has not 
been so settled as at such Early Termination Date, an amount equal to the fair market value of that which was (or 
would have been) required to be delivered and (c) if the Early Termination Date results from an Event of Default, a 
Credit Event Upon Merger or an Additional Termination Event in respect of which all outstanding Transactions arc 
Affected Transactions, any Early Termination Amount due prior to such Early Termination Date and which remains 
unpaid as of such Early Termination Date, in each case together with any amount of interest accrued or other 
ISDA. 2002 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083257 
SDNY_GM_00229441 
EFTA01383536

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383537.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383537.pdf
----------------------------------------
compensation in respect of that obligation or deferred obligation, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 
9(hXiiX I ) or (2), as appropriate. The fair market value of any obligation referred to in clause (b) above 
will be determined as of the originally schedule date for delivery, in good faith and using commercially 
reasonable procedures, by the party obliged to make the determination under Section 6(e) or, if each 
party is so obliged, it will be the average of the Termination Currency Equivalents of the fair market 
values so determined by both parties. 
"Waiting Period" means:—
(a) 
in respect of an event or circumstance under Section 5(bXi), other than in the case of Section 
5(b)(iX2) where the relevant payment, delivery or compliance is actually required on the relevant day (in 
which case no Waiting Period will apply), a period of three Local Business Days (or days that would 
have been Local Business Days but for the occurrence of that event or circumstance) following the 
(b) 
occurrence of that event or circumstance; and 
(c) 
in respect of any event or circumstance under Section 5(b)(ii), other than in the case of Section 
5(b)(iiX2) where the relevant payment, delivery or compliance is actually required on the relevant day 
(in which case no Waiting Period will apply), a period of eight Local Business Days (or days that would 
have been local Business Days but for the occurrence of that event or circumstance) following the 
occurrence of that event of circumstance. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this document on the respective dates specified 
below with effect from the date specified on the first page of this docume 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
Name: 
Title: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Cynthia Cuomo 
Nrectc: 
EN YOKE 
DIRECTOR 
SOUTH 
APANY, INC. 
By 
Name:, ) 
Title: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083258 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229442 
EFTA01383537

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383538.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383538.pdf
----------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 
to the 
2002 ISDA Master Agreement 
dated as of October 28, 2013 
among 
Deutsche Bank AG ("Party A"), 
and 
Southern Trust Company, Inc., a corporation 
incorporated under the laws of United States Virgin Islands ("Party B") 
Part I. Termination Provisions. 
(a) 
"Specified Entity" means: 
in relation to Party A: Not Applicable 
and in relation to Party 13 for the purpose of: 
Section 5(aXv): 
Section 5(aXvi): 
Section 5(a)(vii): 
Section 5(bXv): 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
(b) 
The definition of "Specified Transaction" in Section 14 of this Agreement is hereby amended by: 
(i) deleting in the second through the fourth lines thereof the words 
"between one party to this Agreement (or any Credit Support Provider of such party or 
any applicable Specified Entity of such party) and the other party to this Agreement (or 
any Credit Support Provider of such other party or any applicable Specified Entity of 
such other party) which is a" 
(c) 
and replacing them with the words 
"(i) in the case of Party A, between Party A (or any Credit Support Provider of such party 
or any applicable Specified Entity of such party) and Party B (or any Credit Support 
Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party), and 
(ii) in the case of Party B, between Party B (or any Credit Support Provider of such party 
or any applicable Specified Entity of such party) and any other person or entity, including 
without limitation Party A (or any Credit Support Provider of such party or any 
applicable Specified Entity of such party), including without limitation any"; and 
(ii) 
adding the text "prime brokerage or margin lending transaction" after the words "weather 
index transaction" in the tenth line thereof. 
The "Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(aXvi) will apply to both parties subject to 
amendment by adding at the end thereof the following words: 
"provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, an Event of Default shall not occur 
under either (1) or (2) above if (A) (1) the default, or other similar event or condition referred to in 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083259 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229443 
EFTA01383538

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383539.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383539.pdf
----------------------------------------
(1) or the failure to pay referred to in (2) is a failure to pay or deliver caused by an error or 
omission of an administrative or operational nature, and (II) funds or the asset to be delivered 
were available to such party to enable it to make the relevant payment or delivery when due and 
(Ill) such payment or delivery is made within three (3) Inal Business Days following receipt of 
written notice from an interested party of such failure to pay, or (B) such party was precluded 
from paying, or was unable to pay, using reasonable means, through the office of the party 
through which it was acting for purposes of the relevant Specified Indebtedness, by reason of 
force majeure, act of State, illegality or impossibility." 
If such provisions apply: 
"Specified Indebtedness" shall mean any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or 
otherwise, as principal or surety or otherwise) in respect of borrowed money other than 
indebtedness in respect of bank deposits received in the ordinary course of business. 
With regard to Party A, "Threshold Amount" means three percent (3%) of its shareholders' 
equity (as calculated in accordance with generally accepted accountancy principles applicable to 
Party A). 
With regard to Party B, any applicable Specified Entity of Party B or any Credit Support Provider 
of Party 13 "Threshold Amount" means the lesser of (i) USD 1,000,000 or (ii) three percent (3%) 
of the shareholders' equity of Party B (as calculated in accordance with generally accepted 
accountancy principles applicable to Party B. 
(d) 
The "Credit Event Upon Merger" provision in Section 5(bXv) will apply Party A and Party B. 
(e) 
The "Bankruptcy" provisions of Section 5(a)(vii) shall apply to Party A and Party B. 
(1) 
The "Automatic Early Termination" provisions of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A or Party 
B. 
(g) 
"Termination Currency" means United States Dollars. 
(h) 
Additional Termination Events. The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute a 
Termination Event: 
(i) 
Maintenance Of Ownership. Jeffrey Epstein at any time ceases to own, whether directly 
or indirectly 51% of the paid-up share capital of Party B or if at any time the number of 
persons holding paid up capital in Party B exceeds 10. 
(ii) 
An Adverse Regulatory Change occurs and is continuing. "Adverse Regulatory Change" 
means the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law after the date on which a 
Transaction is entered into, or issuance of any directive or the promulgation of, or any 
change in, the interpretation, whether formal or informal, of any law or directive (or any 
requests, whether or not having the force of law) made by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction after such date which, in respect of a 
Transaction or any assets or hedge incidental thereto, in Party A's good faith 
determination, has the effect with regard to either party of: (A) imposing or adversely 
modifying, in any material respect, any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement; 
or (B) materially affecting the amount of regulatory capital to be maintained by such 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083260 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM 00229444 
EFTA01383539

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383540.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383540.pdf
----------------------------------------
party or (C) subjecting such party to any material loss due to the re-characterization of any 
payments or deliveries to be made under such Transaction; or 
(iii) 
In the reasonable opinion of Party A, there is a material adverse change in the financial 
condition or credit standing of Party B or the Credit Support Provider of Party B from 
either the date of this Agreement or the date of the most recent financial statements of 
Party B or the Credit Support Provider of Party B delivered to Party A. 
(iv) 
Party B's net worth at any time is less than USD 15,000,000; net worth of Party B equals 
the assets of Party B minus the liabilities of Party B as reflected in the most recent 
financial statements of Party B delivered to Party A; or 
(v) 
If at any time Party B's Liquidity as defined herein as the aggregate sum of all cash plus 
cash equivalents in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, held by 
Party B, falls below USD 15,000,000. 
For the purpose of the foregoing Termination Events specified in clauses (i) through (v) 
above, Party B shall be deemed to be the Affected Party and Party A shall not be an 
Affected Party. 
Part 2. Tax Representations. 
(a) 
Payer Tax Representations. For the purposes of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A and 
Party B will each make the following representations to the other: 
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental 
revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on 
account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) 
to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, each 
party may rely on: 
(i) 
the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(1) of 
this Agreement; 
(ii) 
the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(aXi) or 4(aXiii) 
of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the 
other party pursuant to Section 4(aXi) or 4(aXiii) of this Agreement, and 
(iii) 
the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this 
Agreement, 
except that it will not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and 
the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material 
prejudice to its legal or commercial position. 
(b) 
Payee Tax Representations. 
For purposes of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party A makes the following 
representations: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083261 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229445 
EFTA01383540

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383541.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383541.pdf
----------------------------------------
(1) Each Transaction entered into by (i) Deutsche Bank AG, New York branch and (ii) 
Deutsche Bank AG, London branch acting through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. or 
Deutsche Bank AG, New York branch, will be treated, solely for United States income 
tax purposes, as entered into by a United States corporation. 
(2) In respect of all Transactions (other than those described in (1) above),it is a "foreign 
person" within the meaning of the applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations concerning 
information reporting and backup withholding tax. No payment received or to be 
received by it in connection with this Agreement is attributable to a trade or business 
carried on by it through a permanent establishment in the United States. 
(3) (a) In respect of each Transaction it enters into through a branch office in the jurisdiction 
from which payment is made or which will be allocated to a trade or business in that 
jurisdiction for the purposes of its income tax, each payment received or to be received 
by it under such Transaction will be derived in carrying on business through a permanent 
establishment of itself in that jurisdiction; 
(b) In respect of all Transactions other than those described in subsection (a) above, it is 
fully eligible for the benefits of the "Business Profits" or "Industrial and Commercial 
Profits" provision, as the case may be, the "Interest" provision, "Dividends" provision or 
the "Other Income" provision (if any) of the Specified Treaty with respect to any 
payment described in such provision and received or to be received by it in connection 
with this Agreement and no such payment is attributable to a trade or business carried on 
by it through a permanent establishment in the Specified Jurisdiction. 
"Specified Treaty" means the income tax treaty, if any, between Germany and the 
jurisdiction from which Party B is making payment. 
"Specified Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction from which Party B is making payment. 
(4) In respect of all Transactions where payments made by Party B to Party A are subject to 
United States Dividend Equivalent Tax, other than payments made to Party A's New 
York branch or payments made with respect to Transactions entered into by Party A's 
London branch acting through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. or Deutsche Bank AG, New 
York branch, it is fully eligible for the benefits of the "Business Profits" or "Industrial 
and Commercial Profits" provision, as the case may be, the "Interest" provision, 
"Dividends" provision or the "Other Income" provision of the Income Tax Convention 
between the United States and Germany with respect to any payment described in such 
provisions and received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement. 
(ii) For purposes of Section 3(1) of this Agreement, Party B makes the following representations: 
(1) It is a U.S. person, and it is a corporation that is the beneficial owner of all payments to be 
made to it under this Agreement, or it is a S-corporation, organized under the laws of US 
Virgin Islands, and its taxpayer identification number is 66-0779861. 
Part 3. Agreement to Deliver Documents. 
(a) 
For the purpose of Section 4(a)(i), the documents to be delivered are: 
Party required to deliver 
Font/Document/ 
Date by which to be 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083262 
SDNY_GM_00229446 
EFTA01383541

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383542.pdf
----------------------------------------
docu meat 
Party A 
Party B 
Party A and Party B 
Certificate 
A properly executed: 
United 
States 
Internal 
Revenue Service Form W-9 
(or any successor thereto), a 
United 
States 
Internal 
Revenue Service Form Mt-
81MY 
and 
withholding 
statement with attached Form 
W-9 front and a United States 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service 
Form 
W-8BEN 
(or 
any 
successor forms thereto). 
A properly executed United 
States 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service Form W-9 (or any 
successor thereto) 
Any forms required to be 
delivered pursuant to section 
1471(b) or section 1472(3)0) 
of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 or to any other 
domestic or international law 
or 
intergovernmental 
agreement which brings such 
sections into force in the 
Relevant 
Jurisdictions. 
as 
amended, 
and 
any other 
documentation 
reasonably 
requested by the other party 
as it relates thereto. 
delivered 
(i) Upon execution of this 
Agreement. (ii) 
promptly 
upon reasonable demand by 
Party B and (iii) promptly 
upon learning that any such 
form previously provided by 
Party A has become obsolete 
or incorrect. 
(i) Upon execution of this 
Agreement, 
(ii) 
promptly 
upon reasonable demand by 
Party A and (iii) promptly 
upon learning that any such 
form previously provided by 
Party B has beware obsolete 
or incorrect. 
On or before the date such 
forms are prescribed by law to 
be supplied and otherwise at 
the time or times reasonably 
requested by the other party, 
but in no event before the 
form and content of such 
forms or other documentation 
are made known by the IRS. 
(b) 
For the purposes of Section 4(a)(ii), the other documents to be delivered (which will be covered 
by the representation in Section 3(d) of the Agreement if specified) are: 
Party required to deliver 
document 
Party A and Party B 
Party B 
Party A and Party B 
Form/DoeumentJ 
Certificate 
Evidence 
of 
the 
authority, 
incumbency 
and 
specimen 
signature of each person executing 
this 
Agreement 
or 
any 
Confirmation, 
Credit 
Support 
Document 
or other 
document 
entered into in connection with this 
Agreement 
on 
its behalf or 
otherwise, as the ease may be. 
Its 
most 
Articles of Incorporation 
with bylaws (if any) 
recent 
along 
Date by which to be 
delivered 
Upon 
or 
prior 
to 
the 
execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and, with respect 
to any Confirmation upon 
request by the other party. 
As of execution of this 
Agreement, or upon any 
material 
change in such 
documents. 
A copy of the most recent annual 
Promptly after request by the 
report 
containing 
consolidated 
other party. 
Confidential 
Covered by Section 
3(d) Representation 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083263 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229447 
EFTA01383542

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383543.pdf
----------------------------------------
Party required to deliver 
Fon:a/Document/ 
document 
Certificate 
delivered 
3(d) Representation 
Date by which to be 
Covered by Section 
Party B 
financial statements of each party 
and such other public information 
respecting 
the 
condition 
or 
operations, financial or otherwise 
of such party, in the other party 
may reasonably request from lime 
to time. 
A copy of the resolution of the 
Upon 
execution of this 
Yes 
Board of Directors of Party B 
Agreement. 
approving the entering into of 
this 
Ag,.....ownt 
and 
the 
Transactions 
contemplated 
hereby 
certified 
by 
an 
authorised officer of Party B 
(as the case may be) that such 
documents are in MI force and 
effect. 
Party B 
A 
legal opinion in a 
form 
Upon 
execution of this 
No 
satisfactory to Party A with respect 
Agreement and any Credit 
to Party B. 
Support Document 
Party A and Party B 
A duly executed and delivered 
As of execution of this 
Yes 
copy of the Credit 
Support 
Agreement 
Document. 
Part 4. Miscellaneous. 
(a) 
Address for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement, the addresses for 
notices and communications to Party A and Party B shall be as follows: 
(i) 
TO PARTY A: 
All notices to Party A under Sections 5 or 6 of the Agreement (other than notices under 
Section 5(a)(i)) shall be sent to: 
Deutsche Bank AG, Head Office 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt 
GERMANY 
Attention: Legal Department 
Fax: 
0049 69 910 36097 
All notices to Party A shall be sent directly to the office through which Party A is acting 
for the relevant Transaction, using the address and contact particulars specified in the 
Confirmation of that Transaction or otherwise notified. 
TO PARTY B: 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Conlidenual 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083264 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229448 
EFTA01383543

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383544.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383544.pdf
----------------------------------------
6100 Red !look Quarter, 133 
St. Thomas 00802 
Virgin Islands (U.S) 
Attention: Harry Beller; Jeffrey Epstein 
Fax No.: 
(b) 
Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement: 
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Deutsche Bank AG — New York branch 
Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Party B appoints as Process Agent: 
Darren K. Indyke 
Darren K. lndyke, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
(c) 
Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement. 
(d) 
Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(b) of this Agreement: 
Party A is a Multibranch Party and may act through the following Offices: Its New York, 
London, Tokyo, Paris, Singapore, Brussels, Sydney, Amsterdam, Vienna, Canada (Toronto), 
New Zealand (Auckland), and Zurich Branches, and its Frankfurt Head Office. 
Party B is not a Multibranch Party. 
(e) 
Calculation Agent The Calculation Agent shall be Party A. 
(f) 
Credit Support Document. Details of any Credit Support Document: 
The ISDA Credit Support Annex and supplementary "Paragraph 13 - Elections & Variables" 
in the form appended hereto shall constitute a "Credit Support Document" in relation to each 
party, respectively, with respect to all of the obligations of the parties and for all purposes of 
this Agreement. 
Credit Support Provider. Not applicable. 
Governing Law. 
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in 
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York (without reference to its choice of law 
doctrine). 
Multiple Transaction Payment Netting. 
Multiple Transaction Payment Netting will apply 
separately as agreed in writing from time to time. 
Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c): 
"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, None. 
"Specified Endo," means in relation to Party B, None. 
(k) 
No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement. 
Confide:dial 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083265 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229449 
EFTA01383544

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383545.pdf
----------------------------------------
(p 
Additional Representation will apply. For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement each of 
the following will constitute an Additional Representation: 
(0 
Representations of Ali Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent and warrant to 
the other party on and as of the date that it enters into a Transaction (which 
representations and warranties shall be deemed repeated on and as of each date that any 
Transaction remains outstanding) that (absent a written agreement between the parties 
that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction): 
(A) 
Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own 
independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that 
Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon 
advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any 
communication (wrinen or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a 
recommendation to enter into that Transaction: it being understood that 
information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction 
shall not be considered to be investment advice or a recommendation to enter 
into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other 
party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results 
of that Transaction. 
(B) 
Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and 
understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), 
and understands and accepts the terms and conditions and risks of that 
Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that 
Transaction. 
(C) 
Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or adviser to it 
in respect of that Transaction. 
(ii) 
Securities Act Representations. 
Each party represents to the other party (which 
representations will be deemed to be repeated by each party on each date on which a 
Transaction is entered into) that: 
(A) 
it acknowledges that certain Transactions under the Agreement may involve the 
purchase or sale of "securities" as defined under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") and understands that any such purchase or sale 
of securities will not be registered under the Securities Act and that any such 
securities may not be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred except 
(1) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and (2) in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States of America. 
(B) 
it is a "Institutional Account" as defined by FINRA Rule 2111 , or an "accredited 
investor" as defined under the Securities Act; and 
(C) 
unless otherwise expressly provided in a Confirmation for a Transaction, any 
securities it is required to deliver under this Agreement and any Transaction will 
not at the time of such delivery constitute "restricted securities" or be subject to 
restrictions on transfer (including so-called "control securities") under the 
Conlidatial 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083266 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229450 
EFTA01383545

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383546.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities Act (as defined above) or otherwise. This representation will be 
deemed repeated at the time of such delivery. 
(iii) 
Additional Representations of Party B. Party B on and as of the date hereof and at all 
times until the termination of this Agreement and the Transactions, that (A) the assets of 
Party B do not and, prior to termination of this Agreement and the Transactions, will not 
constitute "plan assets" under Section 3(42) of the Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), and, together 
with the Agreement and the 
Transactions, are not and will not be subject to Part 4, Subtitle 13, Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code"); (B) either (x) 
the assets of Party B do not and will not constitute the assets of any "governmental plan" 
within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA and, together with the Agreement and the 
Transactions, will not be subject to any law, rule or other restriction applicable to the 
assets of any such governmental plan ("Governmental Plan Law") or (y) the execution, 
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transactions do not and will not 
violate any Governmental Plan Law; and (C) Party B is not and, prior to termination of 
this Agreement and the Transactions, will not be, a "Special Entity" as defined under 
Title VII, Sections 731 or 764 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act of 2010 ("Reform Act") (or the amendments affected thereby). Party B 
will not take or permit any action (including, without limitation, permitting or effecting 
withdrawals from Party B or transfers of interests in Party B) during the term of this 
Agreement that may render any of the foregoing representations and/or warranties untrue, 
incorrect or incomplete, and Party B shall promptly notify Party A in writing if it 
becomes aware that any event, condition or circumstance has occurred or will occur that 
may render (or has rendered) any of the foregoing representations and/or warranties 
untrue, incorrect or incomplete. 
Part 5. Other Provisions. 
(a) 
Elective Termination. Unless a confirmation of a Transaction otherwise provides, either party 
(the "Electing Party", the other party being the "Non-electing Party") may elect to terminate any 
Transaction (which shall be deemed to be the only Affected Transaction) on the second (2') 
anniversary of the Trade Date of such Transaction and annually thereafter (which date shall be 
the Early Termination Date with respect to such Transaction) by at least five (5) days' prior 
notice, provided that no other Event of Default, Potential Event of Default, or Termination Event 
shall have occurred and then be continuing under this Agreement on such Early Termination Date 
(any such termination, an "Elective Termination"). 
For purposes of calculating amounts due under this Part 5(a), the Electing Party shall be treated as 
if it were the Affected Party and the Non-electing Party shall be treated as if it were the Non-
affected Party. 
For the purposes of calculating amounts due under an Elective Termination, all references to 
Additional Termination Event under Sections 6(b), (c), (d), and (e) should be read as references to 
an Elective Termination and should apply mutatis mutandi. 
(b) 
Consent to Recording. Each party (i) consents to the recording of the telephone conversations of 
trading and marketing and/or other personnel of the parties and their Affiliates in connection with 
this Agreement or any potential Transaction (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of and 
give notice of such recording to such personnel of it and its Affiliates; and (iii) agrees that 
recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings relating to this Agreement. 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083267 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229451 
EFTA01383546

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383547.pdf
----------------------------------------
(c) 
Tax Provisions. 
(1) ISDA 2010 Short Form HIRE Act Protocol. The parties agree that solely as between Party 
A and Party B, the definitions and provisions contained in the ISDA 2010 Short Form HIRE 
Act Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on 
November 30, 2010, including the Attachment thereto ("Short Form Protocol"), will be 
deemed to be incorporated herein mutatis mutandis, as though such definitions and 
provisions were set out in full herein, with any such conforming changes as are necessary to 
deal with what would otherwise be inappropriate or incorrect cross references. The parties 
further agree that the Implementation Date (as such term is defined in the Short Form 
Protocol) shall be the date of execution of this Agreement. 
(2) Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United 
States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. "Tax" as used in Part 2(a) of this Schedule 
(Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 of this 
Agreement shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
entered into pursuant to Section I471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a "FATCA Withholding 
Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or 
withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this 
Agreement. 
(d) 
Party B Representations and Acknowledgements, Non-Reliance, Etc. 
Party B hereby 
represents, warrants and acknowledges to Party A as of the date of this Agreement and will be 
deemed to represent to Party A on the date that Party B enters into a Transaction that (absent a 
written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the 
contrary for that Transaction) that: 
(i) Party B understands that (x) that Transactions may at times be volatile and are subject to 
complex and substantial risks that may arise without warning and (y) losses in value for 
Party B's position in that Transactions may occur quickly and in unanticipated magnitude. 
(ii) Party A has made no representations, guarantees, or assurances whatsoever as to the 
expected or projected profitability, return, success, performance result, effect, consequence 
or benefit (whether legal, regulatory, tax, financial, accounting or otherwise) of that 
Transaction. Party B will be relying upon its own judgment and its own advisors with 
respect to that Transaction and Party B has not sought and is not relying on any views of 
Party A with respect to that Transaction. All terms of, and the documentation evidencing, 
this Agreement and that Transaction have been the result of arm's-length negotiations 
between the parties. 
(iii) Party A shall not be liable to Party B for any losses, costs, expenses, fees, charges, 
amounts, liabilities, claims, damages, penalties, interest, taxes, or fines associated with that 
Transaction, including the failure of that Transaction to achieve Party B's legal, regulatory, 
tax, business, investment, financial, or accounting objectives, other tha Party A's own 
rise
gross negligence and/or willful misconduct. 
rnr 
cc
-
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083268 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229452 
EFTA01383547

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383548.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383548.pdf
----------------------------------------
(iv) Party B entered into this Agreement and is entering into that Transaction for Party B's own 
account as principal (and not as agent or in any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise). 
(v) Party B has, as of such date, (x) total assets at least equal to USD 15,000,000; (y) net worth 
(as defined in Part 1 of this Schedule) at least equal to USD 15,000,000; and (z) liquid 
assets at least equal to USD 15,000,000. Party B is prepared to bear, and will be capable of 
bearing (financially and otherwise) all risks associated with that Transaction and all other 
Transactions and has sufficient financial wherewithal to incur any loss associated with 
entering into and performing its obligations under that Transaction and all other 
Transactions. 
(vi) Party B's entrance into this Agreement and that Transaction complied and will comply in 
all respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, interpretations, guidelines, and 
governmental and regulatory authorities affecting Party B. 
(vii) The financial information of Party B heretofore furnished to Party A fairly presents the 
financial condition of Party 13 on the dates and for the periods covered thereby. As of the 
date of this Agreement, Party B docs not have any material liability or contingent 
obligation not shown on such statements. Since the date of such financial information there 
has been no material adverse change in the financial condition, operations, assets, and 
prospects of Party B. 
(e) 
Set Off Section 6(f) of this Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"(1) 
Upon the designation of any Early Termination Date, the party that is not the Defaulting 
Party or Affected Party ("X") may, without prior notice to the Defaulting or Affected Party 
("Y'), set off any sum or obligation (whether or not arising under this Agreement, whether 
matured or unmatured, whether or not contingent and irrespective of the currency, place of 
payment or booking office of the sum or obligation) owed by Y to X or any Affiliate of X (the "X 
Set Off Amount") against any sum or obligation (whether or not arising under this Agreement, 
whether matured or unmatured, whether or not contingent and irrespective of the currency, place 
of payment or booking office of the sum or obligation) owed by X or any Affiliate of X to Y (the 
"Y Set Off Amount"). X will give notice to the other party of any set off effected under this 
Section 6(f). 
For this purpose, either the X Set Off Amount or the Y Set Off Amount (or the relevant portion of 
such set off amounts) may be converted by X into the currency in which the other set off amount 
is denominated at the rate of exchange at which X would be able, acting in a reasonable manner 
and in good faith, to purchase the relevant amount of such currency. 
If a sum or obligation is unascertained, X may in good faith estimate that obligation and set-off in 
respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is 
ascertained. 
Nothing in this Section 6(f) shall be effective to create a charge or other security interest. This 
Section 6O) shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, combination of 
accounts, lien or other rights to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by 
operation of law, contract or otherwise)." 
(0 
Escrow. On any date on which both parties are required to make payments hereunder, either 
party may at its option and in its sole discretion notify the other party that payments on that date 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083269 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229453 
EFTA01383548

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383549.pdf
----------------------------------------
arc to be made in escrow. In this case deposit of the payment due earlier on that date shall be 
made by 2:00 p.m. (local time at the place for the earlier payment if there is a time difference 
between the cities in which payments are to be made) on that date with an escrow agent selected 
by the party giving the notice and reasonably acceptable to the other party, accompanied by 
irrevocable payment instructions (i) to release the deposited payment to the intended recipient 
upon receipt by the escrow agent of the required deposit of the corresponding payment from the 
other party on the same date accompanied by irrevocable payment instructions to the same effect 
or (ii) if the required deposit of the corresponding payment is not made on that same date, to 
return the payment deposited to the party that paid it into escrow at such party's request. The 
party that elects to have payments made in escrow shall pay the costs of the escrow arrangements 
and shall cause those arrangements to provide that the intended recipient of the payment due to be 
deposited first shall be entitled to interest on that deposited payment for each day in the period of 
its deposit at the rate offered by the escrow agent for that day for overnight deposits in the 
relevant currency in the office where it holds that deposited payment (at 11:00 a.m. local time on 
that day) if that payment is not released by 5:00 p.m. local time on the date it is deposited for any 
reason other than the intended recipient's failure to make the escrow deposit it is required to make 
hereunder in a timely fashion. 
(g) 
Additional Acknowledgments and Agreements of the Parties. Section 4 is hereby amended by 
adding the following new agreements: 
(i) 
Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. Each of the parties hereby irrevocably waives any and 
all right to a trial by jury with respect to any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement or any Transaction. 
(ii) 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Each party acknowledges and agrees that (A) Deutsche 
Bank Securities Inc. or another designated Affiliate of Party A (the "Designated Agent") 
will act as agent for Party A in connection with certain Transactions when so specified in 
the Transaction Confirmation; and (B) the Designated Agent is acting solely as agent and 
shall have no liability for the performance of either party's obligations under this 
Agreement or any Transaction, or for costs, expenses, damages or claims arising out of 
the failure of either party to perform any such obligation. 
(iii) 
Bankruptcy Code. Without limiting the applicability if any, of any other provision of the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Code as amended (the "Bankruptcy Code") (including without 
limitation Sections 362, 546, 556, and 560 thereof and the applicable definitions in 
Section 101 thereof), the parties acknowledge and agree that all Transactions entered into 
hereunder will constitute "forward contracts" or "swap agreements" as defined in Section 
101 of the Bankruptcy Code or "commodity contracts" as defined in Section 761 of the 
Bankruptcy Code, that this Agreement is a "master netting agreement" as defined in 
Section 101 of the Bankruptcy Code, that the rights of the parties under Section 6 of this 
Agreement will constitute contractual rights to liquidate Transactions, that any margin or 
collateral provided under any margin, collateral, security, pledge, or similar agreement 
related hereto will constitute a "margin payment" as defined in Section 101 of the 
Bankruptcy Code, and that the parties are entities entitled to the rights under, and 
protections afforded by, Sections 362, 546, 556, and 560 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
(h) 
Amendments. Section 9(b) is modified by the deletion of the words "or confirmed by an 
exchange of telexes or by an exchange of electronic messages on an electronic messaging 
system". 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083270 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229454 
EFTA01383549

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383550.pdf
----------------------------------------
(m) 
referring to Party A and Party B. 
Master Representations. 
The representations set forth in Section 3(a)(ii)-(iv) are hereby 
amended by adding to the end of each such sub-section the following: ", provided that, solely to 
the extent made by Party A, this representation does not apply with respect to section 406 of 
ERISA, section 4975 of the Code, Governmental Plan Law, or Sections 731 or 764 of the Reform 
Act (or the statutory amendments enacted thereunder)." 
(n) 
(A) Eligible Contract Participant Representation. (i) Party A represents to Party B on and as 
of the date hereof and on each date on which a Transaction is entered into between them that (a) it 
is a "swap dealer" as defined in Section I a(49) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended 
("CEA") and Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") Regulation 1.3(ggg) and (b) it 
is an "eligible contract participant" within the meaning of Section la( I 8XAXvXI) of the CEA and 
CFTC Regulation 1.3(m). (ii) Party B represents to Party A on and as of the date hereof and on 
each date on which a Transaction is entered into between them it is an "eligible contract 
participant" within the meaning of Section 1 a(18)(A)5(i)of the CEA and CFTC Regulation 
I .3(m). (iii) Each party agrees to promptly notify the other party in writing of any material 
changes to its representation(s) in this provision. 
(B) US Person Classification. Party B is a U.S. person as such term is defined by the CFTC in 
any law, order, interpretation rulemaking or release that may be promulgated by the CFTC. 
(C) In order to comply with certain obligations pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform 
and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank") and the rules, regulations, orders and 
interpretations that are published or issued by the CFTC to implement Dodd-Frank, Party A and 
Party B agree that, prior to entering into a Transaction governed by this Agreement, they (I ) have 
or will (a) adhere to the ISDA August 2012 DF Protocol Agreement, published by International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") on August 13, 2012 and (b) submit the related 
Questionnaire (the "August 2012 DF Protocol Questionnaire") to Party A by email to 
dforotocol@db.com together with the related Answer Sheet in excel format and in such 
Questionnaire have or will agree that OF Schedule 3/4/5/6, if applicable, is incorporated in the 
Agreement and (2) have or will (a) adhere to the ISDA March 2013 OF Protocol Agreement, 
published by ISDA on March 22, 2013 and (b) submit the related Questionnaire (the "March 
2013 DF Protocol Questionnaire"; and together with the August 2012 DF Protocol Questionnaire, 
the "Questionnaires") to Party A by email to dlprotocol@db.com together with the related 
Answer Sheet in excel format and has elected that OF Schedules 3 and 4, if applicable, are 
incorporated in the Agreement. In addition, if one or more Designated Evaluation Agents, 
Designated QIRs or Designated Fiduciaries is identified in the August 2012 DF Protocol 
Questionnaire, each such Designated Evaluation Agent, Designated QIR or Designated Fiduciary, 
as the case may be, must countersign the August 2012 DF Protocol Questionnaire where required 
and submit it to Party A using ISDA Amend or send the August 2012 DF Protocol Questionnaire 
via email to df.protocol@db.com.
The parties agree that if the Questionnaires are exchanged prior to the date of this Agreement, this 
Agreement shall be a Protocol Covered Agreement notwithstanding the terms of the respective 
Protocol. 
(signature page follows) 
Confidathal 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083272 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229456 
EFTA01383550

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383551.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383551.pdf
----------------------------------------
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Cynthia Cuomo 
rector 
SOUTH 
COMPANYJNC. 
By: 
Name: (FT; c
Title: 
HIEN YOHE 
DIRECTOR 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083273 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229457 
EFTA01383551

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383552.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Bilateral Form) 
(ISDA Agreements Subject to New York Law Only) 
ISDAs 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX 
to the Schedule to the 
ISIThe
MASTER AGREEMENT 
dated as of October 28, 2013 
between 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG ("Party A") 
and 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. ("Party B") 
This Annex supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, the above-referenced Agreement, is part of its 
Schedule and is a Credit Support Document under this Agreement with respect to each party. 
Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:-
Paragraph 1. Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions and Inconsistency. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein or elsewhere in this 
Agreement have the meanings specified pursuant to Paragraph 12, and all references in this Annex to 
Paragraphs are to Paragraphs of this Annex. In the event of any inconsistency between this Annex and the 
other provisions of this Schedule, this Annex will prevail, and in the event of any inconsistency between 
Paragraph 13 and the other provisions of this Annex, Paragraph 13 will prevail. 
(b) 
Secured Puny and Pledgor. All references in this Annex to the "Secured Party" will be to either 
party when acting in that capacity and all corresponding references to the "Pledgor" will be to the other party 
when acting in that capacity; provided, however-, that if Other Posted Support is held by a party to this 
Annex, all references herein to that party as the Secured Party with respect to that Other Posted Support will 
be to that party as the beneficiary thereof and will not subject that support or that party as the beneficiary 
thereof to provisions of law generally relating to security interests and secured parties. 
Paragraph 2. Security Interest 
Each party, as the Pledgor, hereby pledges to the other party, as the Secured Party, as security for its Obligations, and 
grants to the Secured Party a first priority continuing security interest in, lien on and right of Set-off against all Posted 
Collateral Transferred to or received by the Secured Party hereunder. Upon the Transfer by the Secured Party to the 
Pledgor of Posted Collateral, the security interest and lien granted hereunder on that Posted Collateral will be released 
immediately and, to the extent possible, without any further action by either party. 
Copyright 0 1994 by Intematicruil Swaps end Derivative Association, Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083274 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229458 
EFTA01383552

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383553.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383553.pdf
----------------------------------------
(d) 
Substkutione. 
(i) Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, upon notice to the Secured Patty specifying the items of 
Posted Credit Support to be exchanged, the Pledger may. on any Local Business Day, Transfer to the 
Secured Party substitute Eligible Credit Support (the "Substitute Credit Support'D: and 
(ii) subject to Paragraph 4(a), the Secured Party will Transfer to the Ptedgor the items of Posted Credit 
Support specified by the Pledgor in its notice not later than the Local Business Day following the date 
on which the Secured Party receives the Substitute Credit Support, unless otherwise specified in 
Paragraph 13 (the "Substitution Date"); provided that the Secured Party wilt only be obligated to Transfer 
Posted Credit Support with a Value as of the date of Transfer of that Posted Credit Support equal to the 
Value as of that date of the Substitute Credit Support. 
Paragraph 5. Dispute Resolution 
If a party (a "Disputing Party") disputes (I) the Valuation Agent's calculation of a Delivery Amount or a Return 
Amount or (II) the Value of any Transfer of Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support, then (I) the 
Disputing Party will notify the other party and the Valuation Agent (if the Valuation Agent is not the other party) 
not later than the close of business on the Local Business Day following (X) the date that the demand is made 
under Paragraph 3 in the case of (I) above or (Y) the date of Transfer in the case of (H) above, (2) subject to 
Paragraph 4(a), the appropriate party will Transfer the undisputed amount to the other party not later than the 
close of business on the focal Business Day following (X) the date that the demand is made under Paragraph 3 
in the case of (I) above or (Y) the date of Transfer in the case of (1) above, (3) the parties will consult with each 
other in an attempt to resolve the dispute and (4) if they fail to resolve the dispute by the Resolution Thee, then: 
() In the case of a dispute involving a Delivery Amount or Return Amount, unless otherwise specified 
in Paragraph 13, the Valuation Agent will recalculate the Exposure and the Value as of the Recalculation 
Date by: 
(A) utilizing any calculations of Expel:Me for the Transactions (or Swap Transactions) that the parties 
have agreed are not in dispute: 
(B) calculating the Exposure for the Transactions (or Swap Transactions) in dispute by seeking four 
actual quotations at mid-market from Reference Market-makers for purposes of calculating Market 
Quotation, and taking the arithmetic average of those obtained; provided that if four quotations are not 
available for a particular Transaction (or Swap Transaction), then fewer than four quotations may be 
used for that Transaction (or Swap Transaction); and if no quotations are available for a particular 
Transaction (or Swap Transaction), then the Valuation Agent's original calculations will be used for 
that Transaction (or Swap Transaction); and 
(C) utilizing the procedures specified in Paragraph 13 for calculating the Value, if disputed, of Posted 
Credit Support. 
(ii) In the case of a dispute involving the Value of any Transfer of Eligible Credit Support or Posted 
Credit Support, the Valuation Agent will recalculate the Value as of the date of Transfer pursuant to 
Paragraph 13. 
Following a recalculation pursuant to this Paragraph, the Valuation Agent will notify each party (or the other 
party, if the Valuation Agent is a party) not later than the Notification Time on the Local Business Day following 
the Resolution Time. The appropriate party will, upon demand following that notice by the Valuation Agent or 
a resolution pursuant to (3) above and subject to Paragraphs 4(a) and 4(b), make the appropriate Transfer. 
1SDA® 1994 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083276 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229460 
EFTA01383553

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383554.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383554.pdf
----------------------------------------
Paragraph 6. Bolding and Using Posted Colatent 
(a) 
Cam of Posted Collateral Without limiting the Secured Party's rights under Paragraph 6(c), the Secured 
Party wilt exercise reasonable care to assure the safe custody of all Posted Collateral to the extent required by 
applicable law, and in any event the Secured Party will be darned to have exercised reasonable care if it 
exercises at least the same degree of care as it would exercise with respect to its own property. Except as 
specified in the preceding sentence, the Secured Party will have no duty with respect to Posted Collateral, 
including, without limitation, any duty to collect any Distributions, or enforce or preserve any rights pertaining 
thereto. 
(b) 
Eligibility to Hold Posted Collateral, Custodians, 
(i) General Subject to 
satisfaction of any conditions specified in Paragraph 13 for holding Posted 
Collateral, the Secured Party will be entitled to hold Posted Collateral or to appoint an agent (a 
"Custodian") to hold Posted Collateral for the Secured Party. Upon notice by the Secured Party to the 
Pledger of the appointment of a Custodian, the Pledgor's obligations to make any Transfer will he 
discharged by making the Transfer to that Custodian. The holding of Posted Collateral by a Custodian 
will be deemed to be the holding of that Posted Collateral by the Secured Party for which the Custodian 
is acting. 
(ii) Failure to Satisfy Conditions. If the Secured Party or its Custodian fails to satisfy any conditions 
for holding Posted Collateral, then upon a demand made by the Pledgor, the Secured Party will, not later 
than five Local Business Days after the demand, Transfer or cause its Custodian to Transfer all Posted 
Collateral held by it to a Custodian that satisfies those conditions or to the Secured Party if it satisfies 
those conditions. 
(iii) Liability. The Secured Party will be liable for the acts or omissions of its Custodian to the same 
extent that the Secured Party would be liable hereunder for its own acts or omissions. 
(c) 
Use of Posted Collateral Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13 and without limiting the rights and 
obligations of the panics under Paragraphs 3. 4(d)60, 5, 6(d) and 8, if the Secured Party is not a Defaulting Party 
or an Affected Party with respect to a Specified Condition and no Early Termination Date has occurred or been 
designated as the result of an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the Secured Party, then the 
Secured Party will, notwithstanding Section 9-207 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, have the right 
to: 
(i) sell, pledge, rebypothecate, assign, invest, use, commingle or otherwise dispose of, or otherwise use 
in its business any Posted Collateral it holds, free from any claim or right of any nature whatsoever of 
the Pledgor, including any equity or right of redemption by the Pledgor; and 
(ii) register any Posted Collateral in the name of the Secured Party, its Custodian or a nominee for either. 
For purposes of the obligation to Transfer Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support pursuant to 
Paragrapht 3 and 5 and any rights or remedies authorized under this Agreement, the Secured Party will be 
deemed to continue to hold all Posted Collateral and to receive Distributions made thereon. regardless of whether 
the Secured Party has exercised any rights with respect to any Posted Collateral pursuant to (i) or (ii) above. 
(d) 
Distributions and Interest Arnotrat. 
(i) Distributions. Subject to Paragraph 4(a), if the Secured Party receives or is deemed to receive 
Distributions on a Local Business Day, it will Transfer to the Pledgor not later than the following Local 
Business Day any Distributions it receives or is deemed to receive to the extent that a Delivery Amount 
would not be created or increased by that Transfer, as calculated by the Valuation Agent (and the date 
of calculation will be deemed to be a Valuation Date for this purpose). 
ISDAI) 1994 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083277 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229461 
EFTA01383554

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383555.pdf
----------------------------------------
(ii) Interest Amount. Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13 and subject to Paragraph 4(a), in lieu 
of any interest, dividends or other amounts paid or deemed to have been paid with respect to Posted 
Collateral in the form of Cash (all of which may be retained by the Secured Patty), the Secured Party 
will Transfer to the Pledger at the times specified in Paragraph 13 the Interest Amount to the extent that 
a Delivery Amount would not be created or increased by that Transfer, as calculated by the Valuation 
Agent (and the date of calculation will be deemed to be a Valuation Date for this purpose). The Interest 
Amount or portion thereof not Transferred pursuant to this Paragraph will constitute Posted Collateral 
in the form of Cash and will be subject to the security interest granted under Paragraph 2. 
Paragraph 7. Events of Default 
For purposes of Section 5(aXiii)(1) of this Agreement, an Event of Default will exist with respect to a party if: 
(i) that party fails (or fails to cause its Custodian) to make, when due, any Transfer of Eligible Collateral, 
Posted Collateral or the Interest Amount, es applicable, required to be made by it and that failure 
continues for two Local Business Days after notice of that failure is given to that party; 
(ii) that party fails to comply with any restriction or prohibition specified in this Annex with respect to 
any of the rights specified in Paragraph 6(c) and that failure continues for five Local Business Days after 
notice of that failure is given to that party; or 
(iii) that party fails to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation other than those specified 
in Paragraphs 7(i) and 7(ii) arid that failure continues for 30 days after notice of that failure is given to 
that party. 
Paragraph 8. Certain Rights and Remedies 
(a) 
Secured Parry's Rights and Remedies. If at any time (1) an Event of Default or Specified Condition with 
respect to the Pledger has occurred and is continuing or (2) an Early Termination Date has occurred or been 
designated as the result of an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the Pledger, then, unless 
the Pledger has paid in full all of its Obligations that are then due, the Seared Party may exercise one or more 
of the following rights and remedies: 
(i) all rights and remedies available to a secured party under applicable law with respect to Posted 
Collateral held by the Secured Party; 
(ii) any other rights and remedies available to the Secured Pasty under the terms of Other Posted Support, 
if any; 
(iii) the right to Set-off any amounts payable by the Pledger with respect to any Obligations against any 
Posted Collateral or the Cash equivalent of any Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party (or any 
obligation of the Secured Pasty to Transfer that Posted Collateral); and 
(iv) the right to liquidate any Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party through one or more public 
or private sales or other dispositions with such notice, if any, as may be required under applicable law, 
free from any claim or right of any nature whatsoever of the Pledger, including any equity or right of 
redemption by the Pledger (with the Secured Party having the right to purchase any or all of the Posted 
Collateral to be sold) and to apply the proceeds (or the Cash equivalent thereof) from the liquidation of 
the Posted Collateral to any amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations in that order 
as the Secured Party may elect. 
Each party acknowledges and agrees that Posted Collateral in the form of securities may decline speedily in value 
and is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, and, accordingly, the Pledger is not entitled to prior 
notice of any sale of that Pealed Collateral by the Secured Party, except any notice that is required under 
applicable law and cannot be waived. 
1SDAtt 1994 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083278 
SDNY GM_00229482 
EFTA01383555

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383556.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383556.pdf
----------------------------------------
(b) 
Pledgor's Rights sad Remedies. If at any time art Early Termination Date has occulted or been 
designated as the result of an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the Secured Party, then 
(except in the case of an Early Termination Date relating to less than all Transactions (or Swap Transactions) 
where the Secured Party has paid in full all of its obligations that are then due under Section 6(e) of this 
Agreement): 
(i) the Pledger may exercise all rights and remedies available to a pledger under applicable law with 
respect to Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party; 
(ii) the Pledgor may exercise any other rights and remedies available to the Pledger under the tents of 
Other Posted Support, if any; 
(ili) the Secured Party will be obligated immediately to Transfer all Posted Collateral and the Interest 
Amount to the Pledger; and 
(iv) to the extent that Posted Collateral or the Interest Amount is not so Transferred pursuant to 
(iii) above, the Pledgor may: 
(A) Set-off any amounts payable by the Pledger with respect to any Obligations against any Posted 
Collateral or the Cash equivalent of any Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party (or any obligation 
of the Secured Party to Transfer that Posted Collateral); and 
(B) to the extent that the Pledger does not Set-off under (ivXA) above, withhold payment of any 
remaining amounts payable by the Pledger with respect to any Obligations, up to the Value of any 
remaining Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party, until that Posted Collateral is Transferred to 
the Pledger. 
(c) 
Deficiencies and Excess Proceeds The Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor any proceeds and 
Posted Credit Support remaining after liquidation, Set-off and/or application under Paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b) after 
satisfaction in fult of all amounts payable by the Pledger with respect to any Obligations; the Pledger in all events 
will remain liable for any amounts remaining unpaid after any liquidation, Set-off and/or application wider 
Paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b). 
(d) 
Final Return When no amounts are or thereafter may become payable by the Pledger with respect to 
any Obligations (except for any potential liability under Section 2(d) of this Agreement), the Secured Party will 
Transfer to the Pledger all Posted Credit Support and the Interest Amount, if any. 
Paragraph 9. Representations 
Each patty represents to the other party (which representations will be deemed to be repeated as of each date on 
which it, as the Pledger, Transfers Eligible Collateral) that: 
(i) it has the power to gram a security interest in and lien on any Eligible Collateral it Transfers as the 
Pledger and has taken all necessary actions to authorize the granting of that security interest and lien; 
(ii) it is the sole owner of or otherwise has the right to Transfer all Eligible Collateral it Transfers to the 
Secured Party hereunder, free and clear of any security interest, lien, encumbrance or other restrictions 
other than the security interest and lien granted under Paragraph 2; 
(iii) upon the Transfer of any Eligible Collateral to the Secured Party under the leans of this Annex. the 
Secured Party will have a valid and perfected first priority security interest therein (assuming that any 
central clearing corporation or any third-party financial intermediary or other entity not within the control 
of the Pledgor involved in the Transfer of that Eligible Collateral gives the notices and takes the action 
required of it under applicable law for perfection of that interest); and 
(iv) the performance by it of its obligations under this Annex will not result in the creation of any 
security interest, lien or other encumbrance on any Posted Collateral other than the security interest and 
lien granted under Paragraph 2. 
ISDA® 1994 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083279 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229483 
EFTA01383556

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383557.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383557.pdf
----------------------------------------
Paragraph 10. Expenses 
(a) 
General. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 10(b) and 10(c), each party will pay its own costs 
and expenses in connection with performing its obligations under this Annex and neither party will be liable for 
any costs and expenses incurred by the other party in connection herewith. 
(b) 
Posted CreditSupport, The Pledger will promptly pay when due all taxes, assessments or charges of any 
nature that are imposed with respect to Posted Credit Support held by the Secured Party upon becoming aware 
of the same, regardless of whether any portion of that Posted Credit Support is subsequently disposed of under 
Paragraph 6(c), except for those taxes, assessments and charges that result from the exercise of the Secured 
Party's rights under Paragraph 6(c). 
(e) 
Liquidation/Application of Posted Credit Support All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by or on 
behalf of the Secured Party or the Pledgor in connection with the liquidation and/or application of any Posted 
Credit Support under Paragraph 8 will be payable, on demand and pursuant to the Expenses Section of this 
Agreement, by the Defaulting Party or, if there is no Defaulting Party, equally by the parties. 
Paragraph 11. Miscellaneous 
(a) 
Default latetvse A Secured Party that fails to make, when duo, any Transfer of Posted Collateral or the 
Interest Amount will be obligated to pay the Pledgor (to the extent permitted under applicable law) an amount 
equal to interest at the Default Rate multiplied by the Value of the items of property that were required to be 
Transferred, from (and including) the date that Posted Collateral or Interest Amount was required to be 
Transferred to (tut excluding) the date of Transfer of that Posted Collateral or Interest Amount. This interest wilt 
be calculated on the basis of daily compounding and the actual number of days elapsed. 
(b) 
Further Assurances. Promptly following a demand made by a party, the other party will execute, deliver, 
file and record any financing statement, specific assignment or other document and take any other action that may 
be necessary or desirable and reasonably requested by that party to create, preserve, perfect or validate any 
security interest or lien granted under Paragraph 2. to enable that party to exercise or enforce its rights under this 
Annex with respect to Posted Credit Support or an Interest Amount or to effect or document a release of a 
security interest on Posted Collateral or an Interest Amount. 
(c) 
Farther Protection. The Pledgor will promptly give notice to the Secured Patty of, and defend against, 
any suit. action, proceeding or lien that involves Posted Credit Support Transferred by the Pledgor or that could 
adversely affect the security interest and lien granted by it under Paragraph 2, unless that suit, action, proceeding 
or lien results from the exercise of the Secured Party's rights under Paragraph 6(c). 
(d) 
Good Faith and Camnercfaly Reasonable Manner. Performance of all obligations under this Annex, 
including, but not limited to, all calculations, valuations and determinations made by either party, will be made 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(e) 
Demands and Notices. All demands and notices made by a party under this Annex will be made as 
specified in the Notices Section of this Agreement, except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 13. 
(I) 
Specifications of Cenaln Matters. Anything referred to in this Annex as being specified in Paragraph 
also may be specified in one or more Confirmations or other documents and this Annex will be construed 
accordingly. 
ISDA@ 1994 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083280 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229464 
EFTA01383557

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383558.pdf
----------------------------------------
Paragraph 12. Definitions 
As used in this Annex:—
"Cash" means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
"Credit Support Amount' has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3. 
"Custodian" has the meaning specified in Paragraphs 6(b)(i) and 13. 
"Delivery Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(a). 
"Disputing Party" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 5. 
"Distributions" means with respect to Posted Collateral other than Cash, all principal, interest and other payments 
and distributions of cash or other property with respect thereto, regardless of whether the Secured Party has 
disposed of that Posed Collateral wider Paragraph 6(c). Distributions will not include any item of property 
acquired by the Secured Party upon any disposition or liquidation of Posted Collateral or, with respect to any 
Posted Collateral In the form of Cash, any distributions on that collateral, unless otherwise specified herein. 
"Eligible Collateral" means, with respect to a party, the items, if any, specified as such for that party in 
Paragraph 13. 
"Eligible Credit Support" means Eligible Collateral and Other Eligible Support. 
"Exposure" means for any Valuation Date or other date for which Exposure is calculated and subject to 
Paragraph 5 in the case of a dispute, the amount, if any, that would be payable to a party that is the Secured 
Party by the other party (expressed as a positive number) or by a fluty that is the Secured Party to the other party 
(expressed as a negative number) pursuant to Section 6(eXiiX2XA) of this Agreement as if all Transactions (or 
Swap Transactions) were being terminated as of the relevant Valuation Time; provided that Market Quotation 
will be determined by the Valuation Agent using its estimates at mid-market of the amounts that would be paid 
for Replacement Transactions (as that term is defined in the definition of "Market Quotation"). 
"Independent Amount" means, with respect to a party, the amount specified as such for that party in Paragraph 
13; if no amount is specified, zero. 
"Interest Amount" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the aggregate awn of the amounts of interest 
calculated for each day in that Interest Period on the principal amount of Posted Collateral in the form of Cash 
held by the Secured Party on that day, determined by the Secured Party for each such day as follows: 
(x) the amount of that Cash on that day; multiplied by 
(y) the Interest Rate in effect for that day: divided by 
(z) 360. 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the last Local Business Day on which an Interest 
Amount was Transferred (or, if no Interest Amount has yet beat Transferred, the Local Business Day on which 
Posted Collateral in the form of Cash was Transferred to or received by the Secured Party) to (but excluding) 
the Local Business Day on which the current Interest Amount is to be Transferred. 
"Interest Rate" means the rate specified in Paragraph 13. 
"Local Business Day", unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, has the meaning specified in the Definitions 
Section of this Agreement, except that references to a payment in clause (b) thereof will be deemed to include 
a Transfer under this Annex. 
ISDA® 1994 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083281 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229465 
EFTA01383558

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383559.pdf
----------------------------------------
"Minimum Transfer Amount" means, with respect to a party, the amount specified as such for that party in 
Paragraph 13; if no amount is specified, zero. 
"Notification Time has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13. 
"Obligation" means, with respect to a party, all present and More obligations of that party under this Agreement 
and any additional obligations specified for that party in Paragraph 13. 
"Other Eligible Support" means, with respect to a party, the items, if any, specified as such for that party in 
Paragraph 13. 
"Other Posted Support" means all Other Eligible Support Transferred to the Secured Party that remains in effect 
for the benefit of that Secured Party. 
"Pledgor" means either party, when that party (i) receives a demand for or is required to Transfer Eligible Credit 
Support under Paragraph 3(a) or (i) has Transferred Eligible Credit Support under Paragraph 3(a). 
"Posted Collateral" means all Eligible Collateral, other property, Distributions, and all proceeds thereof that have 
been Transferred to or received by the Secured Party under this Annex and not Transferred to the Pledgor 
pursuant to Paragraph 3(b), 4(dXii) or 6(dXi) or released by the Secured Party under Paragraph 8. Any Interest 
Amount or portion thereof not Transferred pursuant to Paragraph 6(d)(i) will constitute Posted Collateral in the 
form of Cash. 
"Posted Credit Support" means Posted Collateral and Other Posted Support. 
"Recalculation Date" means the Valuation Date that gives rise to the dispute under Paragraph 5; provided, 
however, that if a subsequent Valuation Date occurs under Paragraph 3 prior to the resolution of the dispute, then 
the "Recalculation Date" means the most recent Valuation Date under Paragraph 3. 
"Resolution Time" has the meaning specified in Paragraph B. 
"Return Amoane has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(b). 
"Secured Parry" means either party, when that party (1) makes a demand for or is entitled to receive Eligible 
Credit Support under Paragraph 3(a) or (i) holds or is deemed to bold Posted Credit Support. 
"Specified Contrition* means, with respect to a party, any event specified as such for that party in Paragraph 13. 
"Substitute Credit Support" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(i). 
"Substitution Dale has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(ii). 
"Threshold" means, with respect to a party, the amount specified as such for that party in Paragraph 13; if no 
amount is specified, zero. 
"Transfer" means, with respect to any Eligible Credit Support, Posted Credit Support or Interest Amount, and 
in accordance with the instructions of the Secured Party, Pledger or Custodian, as applicable: 
(i) in the case of Cash, payment or delivery by wire transfer into onc or more bank accounts specified 
by the recipient; 
(ii) in the case of certificated securities that cannot be paid or delivered by book-entry, payment or 
delivery in appropriate physical form to the recipient or its account accompanied by any duly executed 
instruments of transfer, assignments in blank, transfer tax stamps and any other documents necessary to 
constitute a legally valid transfer to the recipient 
(iii) in the case of securities that can be paid or delivered by book-entry, the giving of written instructions 
to the relevant depository institution or other entity specified by the recipient, together with a written 
copy thereof to the recipient, sufficient if complied with to result in a legally effective transfer of the 
relevant interest to the recipient; and 
(iv) in the case of Other Eligible Support or Other Posted Support, as specified in Paragraph 13. 
USDA® 1994 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083282 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229488 
EFTA01383559

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383560.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383560.pdf
----------------------------------------
"Valuation Agent" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13. 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified in or otherwise determined pursuant to Paragraph 13. 
"Valuadon Percentage means, for any item of Eligible Collateral, the percentage specified in Paragraph 13. 
"Valuation Time" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13. 
"Value" means for any Valuation Date or other date for which Value is calculated and subject to Paragraph S 
in the case of a dispute, with respect to: 
(i) Eligible Collateral or Posted Collateral that is: 
(A) Cash, the amount thereof; and 
(B) a security, the bid price obtained by the Valuation Agent multiplied by the applicable Valuation 
Percentage, if any; 
(i) Posted Collateral that consists of items that are not specified as Eligible Collateral, zero; and 
(iii) Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support, as specified in Paragraph 13. 
(SBA® 1994 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083283 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229467 
EFTA01383560

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383561.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383561.pdf
----------------------------------------
Party A: Deutsche Bank AG 
Party B: Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Paragraph 13. Elections and Variables 
(a) 
Security Interest for "Obligations". The term "Obligations" as used in this Annex includes the 
following additional obligations. 
With respect to Party B, "Obligations" means any and all present and future obligations of Party B 
under or in connection with this Agreement, or any other contract, or any other transaction between 
Party B and Party A. 
(b) 
Credit Support Obligations. 
(i) 
Delivery Amount, Return Amount and Credit Support Amount 
(A) 
"Delivery Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(a), except that each 
reference therein to "Valuation Date" is hereby amended to be "Valuation Time". 
(B) 
"Return Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(b), except that each 
reference therein to "Valuation Date" is hereby amended to be "Valuation Time". 
(C) 
"Credit Support Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3, except that, if an 
Independent Amount or Independent Amounts are specified for a party, the Credit 
Support Amount for such party will never be less than the aggregate of all Independent 
Amounts applicable to that party. 
(ii) Eligible Collateral. The following items will qualify as "Eligible Collateral" for the party 
specified: 
Party A 
Party B 
Valuation 
Percentage 
(A) 
Cash 
Inapplicable 
[X) 
100% 
(B) 
negotiable debt obligations issued by the U.S. 
Inapplicable 
[X] 
98% 
Treasury Department having a remaining maturity 
of less than one year ("Treasury Bills") 
(C) 
negotiable debt obligations issued by the U.S. 
Inapplicable 
[XI 
95% 
Treasury Department having a remaining maturity 
of 1-10 years ("Treasury Notes") 
(D) 
negotiable debt obligations issued by the U.S. 
Inapplicable 
[Xj 
90% 
Treasury Department having a remaining maturity 
of more than 10 years ('"treasury Bonds") 
(E) 
Any account or deposit of Party B with Party A or 
Inapplicable 
[X] 
As determined 
an affiliate of Party A which is identified on Exhibit 
by Party A in 
A annexed hereto or otherwise designated as 
its sole 
Eligible Collateral for purposes of this Annex in a 
discretion and 
writing executed and delivered, in counterpart or 
further reduced 
otherwise, by Party A and Party B (each such 
by the full 
account or deposit, together with all of the 
amount of any 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083284 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229468 
EFTA01383561

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383562.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383562.pdf
----------------------------------------
securities, funds and other property therein and all 
of the security entitlements related thereto, an 
"Eligible Account"). In the case of an account or 
deposit with an affiliate of Party A, such account or 
deposit shall qualify as an Eligible Account only if 
such affiliate signs this Annex at the end hereof. 
(F) 
Such other collateral 
agree. 
other 
obligations 
secured by 
such Eligible 
Account as 
determined by 
Party A in its 
sole discretion. 
as Party A and Party B may 
Inapplicable 
IX) 
As may be 
agreed. 
(iii) 
Other Eligible Support The following items will qualify as "Other Eligible Support" for 
the party specified: 
(A) 
Inapplicable 
Inapplicable 
( 
(B) 
Inapplicable 
Inapplicable 
I 1 
(iv) 
Thresholds 
(A) 
"Independent Amount" means with respect to Party A: Inapplicable 
"Independent Amount" means with respect to Party B: an amount in USD 
equal to the sum of (I) for Derivatives Transactions, the aggregate of the 
amounts specified in the Confirmations for such Transactions or as otherwise 
agreed by the parties, and (2) for Foreign Exchange Transactions, an amount 
equal to the sum of (a) the product of Tier 1 Net Open Position multiplied by 
Tier I Independent Amount Ratio, (b) the product of Tier II Net Open Position 
multiplied by Tier II Independent Amount Ratio, (c) the product of Tier III Net 
Open Position multiplied by Tier III Independent Amount Ratio, (d) the product 
of Tier IV Net Open Position multiplied by Tier IV Independent Amount Ratio 
and (e) the Forward Risk Adjustment Amount. 
(B) 
"Threshold" means with respect to Party A: Inapplicable. 
"Threshold" means with respect to Party B: Zero. 
(C) 
"Minimum Transfer Amount" means with respect to Party A: $100,000 provided, 
however, that the Minimum Transfer Amount for such party shall be zero upon the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Potential Event of 
Default, Termination Event, Additional Termination Event or Specified Condition 
with respect to such party. 
"Minimum Transfer Amount" means with respect to Party B: $100,000 provided, 
however, that the Minimum Transfer Amount for such party shall be zero upon the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Potential Event of 
Default, Termination Event, Additional Termination Event or Specified Condition 
with respect to such party. 
(D) 
Rounding. The Delivery Amount and the Return Amount will be rounded up and 
down respectively to the nearest integral multiple of $10,000. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083285 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229469 
EFTA01383562

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383563.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383563.pdf
----------------------------------------
(c) 
Valuation and Timing. 
(i) 
"Valuation Agent" means: Party A. 
(ii) 
"Valuation Date" means: Any Local Business Day. 
(iii) 
"Valuation Time" means: 
[ 
the close of business in the city of the Valuation Agent on the Valuation Date or date 
of calculation, as applicable; 
[X] 
the close of business on the Local Business Day before the Valuation Date or date of 
calculation, as applicable; 
provided that the calculations of Value and Exposure will be made as of approximately the 
same time on the same date. 
(iv) 
"Notification Time" means 1:00 pm, New York time, on a Local Business Day. 
(d) 
Conditions Precedent and Secured Party's Rights and Remedies. 
Each Termination Event 
specified below with respect to a party will be a "Specified Condition" for that party (the specified 
party being the Affected Party if a Termination Event or Additional Termination Event occurs with 
respect to that party): 
Force Majeure 
Illegality 
Tax Event 
Tax Event Upon Merger 
Credit Event Upon Merger 
The Additional Termination Events 
specified in Part I (other than an 
Elective Termination) of the Schedule 
to this Agreement or any event which, 
with the giving of notice or the lapse of 
time or both, would constitute an 
Additional Termination Event. 
Party B 
[X) 
[Xj 
[ 
[ [Xj 
[XI 
(e) 
Substitution. 
(i) 
"Substitution Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(dXii). 
(ii) 
Consent. If specified here as applicable, then the Pledgor must obtain the Secured Party's 
consent for any substitution pursuant to Paragraph 4(d): Inapplicable 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083286 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229470 
EFTA01383563

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383564.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383564.pdf
----------------------------------------
(0 
Dispute Resolution. 
(g) 
(I) 
With respect to FX Transactions, Paragraph 5 of this Annex is deleted in its entirety and thus 
is inapplicable. 
(II) 
With respect to Transactions other than FX Transactions, the following provision would 
apply: 
(i) 
"Resolution Time" means 1:00 p.m., New York time, on the Local Business Day 
following the date on which the notice is given that gives rise to a dispute under 
Paragraph 5. 
(ii) 
Value. For the purpose of Paragraphs 5(i)(C) and 5(ii), the Value of Posted Credit 
Support will be calculated as follows: as set forth for other purposes in Paragraph 
12. 
(iii) 
Alternative. The provisions of Paragraph 5 will apply, except to the following 
extent: (A) pending the resolution of a dispute, Transfer of the undisputed Value of 
Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support involved in the relevant demand 
will be due as provided in Paragraph 5 if the demand is given by the Notification 
Time, but will be due on the second Local Business Day after the demand if the 
demand is given after the Notification Time; and (B) the Disputing Party need not 
comply with the provisions of Paragraph 5(11)(2) if the amount to be Transferred 
does not exceed the Disputing Party's Minimum Transfer Amount. 
Holding and Using Posted CollateraL 
(i) Eligibility to Hold Posted Collateral; Custodians. Party A and its Custodian will be entitled to 
hold Posted Collateral pursuant to Paragraph 6(b); provided that the following conditions 
applicable to it are satisfied: 
(A) 
Party A is not a Defaulting Party. 
(B) 
Posted Collateral may be held only in the following jurisdictions: Posted Collateral 
consisting of certificated securities must be held in New York. 
Initially, the Custodian for Party A is: Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch. 
(ii) 
Use of Posted Collateral. The provisions of Paragraph 6(c) will apply to Party A and not to 
Party B. 
(iii) 
Collateral Account. All Eligible Collateral received by Party A from Party B (other than 
Contract Rights and Eligible Accounts) shall be credited to one or more accounts (each, a 
"Collateral Account") at Party A, or its Custodian, each of which may include property of 
other parties but will bear a title indicating that the property in such Collateral Account is 
held as security. 
Party A shall cause statements concerning the Posted Collateral held in each Collateral 
Account to be delivered to Party B on request. Nothing in this Paragraph 13(g)(iii) shall be 
constructed as limiting the right of Party A to use or otherwise dispose of Posted Collateral 
pursuant to Paragraph 6(c). 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083287 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229471 
EFTA01383564

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383565.pdf
----------------------------------------
Party A shall have no responsibility for ascertaining or informing Party B with respect to, 
and shall not be required to take any action concerning, any maturities, calls, conversions, 
exchanges, offers, tenders, redemptions or similar matters relating to any of the Posted 
Collateral, regardless of whether Party A has or is deemed to have knowledge of any thereof. 
(iv) 
Eligible Accounts. 
Party B may close, or withdraw funds or property from, an Eligible 
Account provided as Eligible Collateral only if (i) such close or withdrawal is part of a 
substitution effected in accordance with Paragraph 4(d) of this Annex or (ii) after giving 
effect to such close or withdrawal, the value of the remaining Posted Collateral for purposes 
of this Annex will be equal to or greater than that required hereunder. 
Party B hereby irrevocably authorizes Party A and its affiliates to disregard any instruction 
from Party B relating to an Eligible Account established with such entity which violates the 
provisions of this Paragraph 13(gXiv). 
Party B hereby irrevocably authorizes Party A to originate entitlement orders (within the 
meaning of Article 8 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) with respect to each 
Eligible Account maintained with an affiliate of Party A, and each such affiliate agrees that 
(x) it will comply with such entitlement orders originated by Party A without further consent 
by Party B and (y) it is acting as agent for Party A with respect to such Eligible Account. 
(h) 
Distributions and Interest Amount 
(i) 
Interest Rate. The "Interest Rate" will be with respect to Eligible Collateral in the form of 
Cash, for any day, the rate opposite the caption "Federal Funds (Effective)" for such day as 
published for such day in Federal Reserve Publication 1.15(519) or any successor 
publication as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
(ii) 
Transfer of Interest Amount. The Transfer of the Interest Amount will be made on the first 
Local Business Day of each calendar month. 
(iii) 
Alternative to Interest Amount. The provisions of Paragraph 6(d)(ii) will apply. 
(i) 
Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support 
(i) 
"Value" with respect to Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support means: 
Inapplicable 
(ii) 
"Transfer" with respect to Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support means: 
Inapplicable 
(j) 
Demands and Notices. All demands, specifications and notices under this Annex will be made 
pursuant to the Notices Section of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified here: 
Party A: 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Attention: 
Collateral Management 
Telephone No.: 212-250-6200 
Fax No.: 
212-797-5922 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083288 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229472 
EFTA01383565

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383566.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383566.pdf
----------------------------------------
Party B: 
Same as provided in Notices section of the Agreement 
(k) 
Addresses for Transfers 
Party A: 
Party B: 
To be notified from time to time 
To be notified from time to time 
(I) 
Other Provisions. 
(i) 
The following definitions are hereby inserted into 
alphabetical order: 
Paragraph 
(A) 
"Aggregate Ceiling Limit" means USD 10,000,000. 
in the appropriate 
(B) 
"Aggregate Net Open Position" means, at any time, the sum of (i) the Tier I Net Open 
Position, (ii) the Tier II Net Open Position (iii) the Tier III Net Open Position and (iv) 
the Tier IV Net Open Position. 
(C) 
"Bare Currency" means U.S. Dollars. 
(D) 
"Derivatives Transaction" means any Transaction other than a Foreign Exchange 
Transaction. 
(E) 
"Tier III Ceiling Limit' means USD 5,000,000. 
(F) 
"Tier III Close-Out Ratio" means a number expressed as a percentage representing 
the quotient of (A) the portion of the Net Collateral Value attributable to all FX 
Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier III Currencies but not 
involving Tier IV Currencies, divided by (B) the Tier III Net Open Position, such 
number being determined and notified by Party A to Party B from time to time, and 
initially being eight percent (8%). 
(G) 
"Tier III Independent Amount Ratio" means a number expressed as a percentage 
representing the minimum proportion of (1) the Net Collateral Value attributable to 
all FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier III Currencies 
but not involving Tier IV Currencies to (2) the Tier III Net Open Position, which 
Party B must maintain in respect of outstanding FX Transactions and Currency 
Option Transactions involving Tier III Currencies but not involving Tier IV 
Currencies, such number being determined and notified by Party A to Party B from 
time to time, and initially being fifteen percent (15%). 
(II) 
"Tier III Net Open Position" means, at any given time, the amount obtained by 
calculating the Net Open Position as it applies to all FX Transactions and Currency 
Option Transactions involving Tier III Currencies but not involving Tier IV 
Currencies. 
(I) 
"Tier II Ceiling Limit' means USD 10,000,000. 
"Tier II Close-Out Ratio" means a number expressed as a percentage representing 
the quotient of (A) the portion of the Net Collateral Value attributable to all FX 
Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier II Currencies but not 
involving Tier III Currencies or Tier IV Currencies, divided by (B) the Tier II Net 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083289 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229473 
EFTA01383566

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383567.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383567.pdf
----------------------------------------
Open Position, such number being determined and notified by Party A to Party B 
from time to time, and initially being five percent (5%). 
(K) 
"Tier II Independent Amount Ratio" means a number expressed as a percentage 
representing the minimum proportion of (I) the Net Collateral Value attributable to 
all FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier II Currencies 
but not involving Tier Ill Currencies or Tier IV Currencies to (2) the Tier II Net 
Open Position, which Party B must maintain in respect of outstanding FX 
Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier II Currencies but not 
involving Tier III Currencies or Tier IV Currencies, such number being determined 
and notified by Party A to Party B from time to time, and initially being ten percent 
(10%). 
(L) 
"Tier H Net Open Position" means, at any given time, the amount obtained by 
calculating the Net Open Position as it applies to all FX Transactions and Currency 
Option Transactions involving Tier II Currencies but not involving Tier III Currencies 
or Tier IV Currencies. 
(M) 
(N) 
"Foreign Exchange Transactions" means any Transaction that is a FX Transaction 
or Currency Option Transaction as defined in the FX Definitions (as defined below). 
"Forward Risk Adjustment Amount" means an amount in the Base Currency 
determined by Party A in a commercially reasonable manner to account for the risk 
attributable to movements in the yield curves of the underlying currencies of the FX 
Transactions. 
(O) 
"Tier IV Ceiling Limit" means USD 5,000,000. 
(P) 
"Tier IV Close-Out Ratio" means a number expressed as a percentage representing 
the quotient of (A) the portion of the Net Collateral Value attributable to all FX 
Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier IV Currencies, 
divided by (B) the Tier IV Net Open Position, such number being determined and 
notified by Party A to Party B from time to time, and initially being fifteen percent 
(15%). 
(Q) 
"Tier IV Independent Amount Ratio" means a number expressed as a percentage 
representing the minimum proportion of (1) the Net Collateral Value attributable to 
all FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier IV Currencies 
to (2) the Tier IV Net Open Position, which Party B must maintain in respect of 
outstanding FX Transactions and Currency Option 'transactions involving Tier IV 
Currencies, such number being determined and notified by Party A to Party B from 
time to time, and initially being twenty- five percent (25%). 
(R) 
"Tier IV Net Open Position" means, at any given time, the amount obtained by 
calculating the Net Open Position as it applies to all FX Transactions and Currency 
Option Transactions involving Tier IV Currencies. 
(S) 
"Net Collateral Value" means an amount expressed in the Base Currency equal to 
the difference of (1) the Value of Posted Credit Support, minus (2) the Secured 
Party's Exposure, such amount being determined and notified by Party A to Party B 
from time to time, provided that if such difference shall be an amount less than zero, 
the Net Collateral Value shall be zero. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083290 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229474 
EFTA01383567

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383568.pdf
----------------------------------------
(T) 
"Net Open Position" means an amount expressed in the Base Currency deriving 
from the likely changes in the replacement value of all outstanding FX Transactions 
and Currency Option Transactions determined by Party A using its normal 
methodology in place from time to time. 
(U) 
"Tier I Ceiling Limit' means USD I0,000,000. 
(V) 
"Tier I Close-Out Ratio" means a number expressed as a percentage representing the 
quotient of (A) the portion of the Net Collateral Value attributable to all FX 
Transactions and Currency Option Transactions not involving Tier II, Tier Ill and 
Tier IV Currencies, divided by (B) the Tier I Net Open Position, such number being 
determined and notified by Party A to Party B from time to time, and initially being 
three percent (3%). 
(w) 
"Tier I Independent Amount Ratio" means a number expressed as a percentage 
representing the minimum proportion of (I) the Net Collateral Value attributable to 
all FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions not involving Tier II, Tier III 
and Tier IV Currencies to (2) the Tier I Net Open Position, which Party B must 
maintain in respect of outstanding FX Transactions and Currency Option 
Transactions not involving Tier II, Tier HI and Tier IV Currencies, such number 
being determined and notified by Party A to Party B from time to time, and initially 
being seven percent (7%). 
(X) 
"Tier I Net Open Position" means, at any given time, the amount obtained by 
calculating the Net Open Position as it applies to all FX Transactions and Currency 
Option Transactions not involving Tier II, Tier III and Tier IV currencies. 
(V) 
"Tier I Currencies" means AUD, CAD, CHF, DKK, EUR, GBP, WY, NOK, NZI), 
SEK, SGD, USD. 
(Z) 
"Tier II Currencies" means AED, CLP, CNY, CZK, HKD, INR, MXN, QAR, RUB, 
SAR, THB, TWD. 
(AA) "Tier III Currencies" means BRL, HUF, IDR, ILS, KRW, MYR, PHP, PLN, RON, 
TRY, ZAR. 
(BB) 
"Tier IV Currencies" means ARS, COP, EGP, KZT, 1.1AH. 
(ii) 
Definitions. Any terms used in this Credit Support Annex which are not otherwise defined 
herein and which are defined in the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "EX 
Definitions") (published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., the 
Emerging Markets Traders Association, and the Foreign Exchange Committee) shall have the 
meaning set forth in the FX Definitions (without regard to any amendments thereto 
subsequent to the date hereof). Nothing in this Annex shall affect the parties' agreement that 
this Agreement and all Credit Support Annexes hereto (including this Annex) and all 
Transactions and related Confirmations hereunder are entered into in reliance on the fact that 
this Agreement, all Credit Support Annexes and all Transactions and Confirmations form a 
single agreement between the parties, the Posted Credit Support under all Credit Support 
Annexes constitutes a pledge with respect to and shall secure all Transactions and all 
Obligations, and the parties would not otherwise enter into any Transactions. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083291 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229475 
EFTA01383568

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383569.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383569.pdf
----------------------------------------
(iii) 
Additional Termination Events. 
Each of the following shall constitute an Additional Termination Event with respect to Party 
B: 
(A) 
the quotient of (I) the portion of Net Collateral Value attributable to all FX 
Transactions and Currency Option Transactions not involving Tier II, Tier III and 
Tier IV Currencies, divided by (II) Tier 1 Net Open Position is equal to or less than 
Tier I Close-Out Ratio; 
(B) 
the quotient of (I) the portion of the Net Collateral Value attributable to all FX 
Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier II Currencies, divided 
by (II) the Tier II Net Open Position is equal to or less than the Tier II Close-Out 
Ratio; 
(C) 
the quotient of (I) the portion of Net Collateral Value attributable to all FX 
Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier Ill Currencies, 
divided by (II) the Tier Ill Net Open Position is equal to or less than the Tier Ill 
Close-Out Ratio; 
(D) 
the quotient of (I) the portion of Net Collateral Value attributable to all FX 
Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving Tier IV Currencies, 
divided by (II) the Tier IV Net Open Position is equal to or less than the Tier IV 
Close-Out Ratio; 
(E) 
the Aggregate Net Open Position is equal to or greater than the Aggregate Ceiling 
Limit; 
Tier I Net Open Position is equal to or greater than Tier I Ceiling Limit; 
the Tier II Net Open Position is equal to or greater than the Tier 11 Ceiling Limit; 
the Tier III Net Open Position is equal to or greater than the Tier III Ceiling Limit; 
the Tier IV Net Open Position is equal to or greater than the Tier IV Ceiling Limit; 
in each case irrespective of whether or not Eligible Credit Support has been 
requested by Party A, or is being delivered to Party A, pursuant to the terms of this 
Annex. For purposes of determining whether such an Additional Termination Event 
has occurred, at the discretion of Party A, Exposure and Net Collateral Value may be 
calculated at any time on any calendar day and, if such day is not a Valuation Date, 
the Value of Posted Credit Support may at the discretion of Party A be calculated 
based on the Value on the preceding Valuation Date. For purposes of each such 
Additional Termination Event, Party B shall be the sole Affected Party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement that may be to the contrary, if an 
Additional Termination Event specified in this Credit Support Annex shall occur with 
respect to Party B, Party A shall be entitled to designate an Early Termination Date with 
respect to all Transactions with immediate effect. Without limiting such right, Party A 
agrees to use reasonable efforts to deliver to Party B notice of such designation in 
accordance with Section 12 of this Agreement. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083292 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229476 
EFTA01383569

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383570.pdf
----------------------------------------
(iv) 
"Exposure. The definition of "Exposure" in Paragraph 12 is hereby amended by replacing 
"Valuation Dale" in the first line thereof with "Valuation Time". 
(v) 
Limit on Secured Party's Liability. The Secured Party will not be liable for any losses or 
damages that the Pledgor may suffer as a result of any failure by the Secured Party to 
perform, or any delay by it in performing, any of its obligations under this Annex if the 
failure or delay results from circumstances beyond the reasonable control of the Secured 
Party or its Custodian, such as interruption or loss of computer or communication services, 
labor disturbance, natural disaster or local or national emergency. 
(vi) 
Further Assurances. If the Pledgor fails (a) to execute and deliver to the Secured Party such 
financing statements, assignments, or other documents or (b) to do such other things relating 
to the Posted Collateral as the Secured Party may reasonably request in order to protect and 
maintain its security interest in the Posted Collateral and to protect, preserve, and realize 
upon the Posted Collateral, then the Secured Party is hereby authorized by the Pledgor (but 
not required) to complete and execute such financing statements, assignments, and other 
documents as the Secured Party deems appropriate for such purposes. The Pledgor hereby 
appoints the Secured Party, during the term of this Agreement, as the Pledgor's agent and 
attorney-in-fact to complete and execute such financing statements, assignments and other 
documents and to perform all other acts which the Secured Party may deem appropriate to 
protect and maintain its security interest in the Posted Collateral and to protect, preserve, and 
realize upon the Posted Collateral. The power-of-attorney granted herein to the Secured 
Party is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable during the term of this Agreement. 
(vii) 
Transfer. 
Eligible Collateral contained in Eligible Accounts shall be deemed (i) "Transferred" to Party 
A for purposes of this Annex at all times while such Eligible Accounts are designated as 
Cash Collateral Accounts in accordance with this Agreement, (ii) "Transferred" to Party B 
for purposes of this Annex when the security interest in such Eligible Collateral in favor of 
Party A is released, and (iii) held by Party A for purposes of this Annex at all times on and 
after the Transfer of such Eligible Collateral to Party A and before the Transfer of such 
Eligible Collateral to Party B. 
(viii) 
The terms of Paragraph 13 of the Annex shall be amended by inserting the following as a 
new paragraph (m) as follows: 
"(m) Withholding Tax on Interest Amount with respect to Posted Collateral comprised 
of Cash: 
The provisions of Section 2(d) of this Agreement shall not apply with respect to payment of 
the Interest Amount under this Annex, and any withholding tax on the Interest Amount shall 
not constitute an Indemnifiable Tax under this Agreement. Paragraph 6(dXii) of this Annex 
is hereby amended by inserting "less any applicable withholding tax" after "the Interest 
Amount" in line 4 thereof. 
The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that, when interpreting any provision or 
representation in this Agreement (other than this Annex) relating to tax matters, references to 
"payment under this Agreement" or any other words with a similar purport made in this 
Agreement (excluding this Annex) shall be deemed to exclude payment of the Interest 
Amount under this Annex." 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083293 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229477 
EFTA01383570

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383571.pdf
----------------------------------------
(ix) 
Agreement as to Single Secured Party and Pledgor. Party A and Party B agree that, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the recital to this Annex, Paragraph 1(b) or 
Paragraph 2 or the definitions in Paragraph 12, (a) the term "Secured Party" as used in this 
Annex means only Party A, (b) the term "Pledgor" as used in this Annex means only Party B, 
(c) only Party B makes the pledge and grant in Paragraph 2, the acknowledgment in the final 
sentence of Paragraph 8(a) and the representations in Paragraph 9, (d) only Party B will be 
required to make Transfers of Eligible Credit Support hereunder and (e) Paragraph 7 shall 
apply to Party B only and shall not apply to Party A. 
(x) 
Changes to Net Open Position. Party A and Party B agree that Party A shall have the right 
to change the methodology used to calculate the Net Open Position at any time. Party A 
agrees to provide a description of such methodology to Party B upon request. 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
SOUTHE 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Cynthia CUOMO 
'recto! 
KATHLEEN YOHE 
DIRECTOR 
By: 
Name: 
A 
Title: tir e _ s  r at Atkes
This undersigned entity, which is an affiliate of Party A, is executing this Annex to evidence its 
agreement to Paragraph 13(g)(iv) hereof. 
DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.Of 
Name: 
Title:
l 
Thomas Hoddinott 
Vice President 
Director 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083294 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229478 
EFTA01383571

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383572.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383572.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A 
For the purposes of the Credit Support Annex to which this Exhibit is attached and made a part, each of the 
following shall be an Eligible Account:-
DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC. 
Primary account number 
Secondary account num 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083295 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229479 
EFTA01383572

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383573.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383573.pdf
----------------------------------------
to the Securities Account. The Intermediary shall have rights of set-off with respect to the 
Securities Account, however, the Intermediary shall not exercise any such right of set-off unless 
and until the Intermediary notifies the Secured Party. 
Section 4. 
Choice of Law. 
4.1 
Choice of Law. Both this Agreement and the Securities Account shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without 
regard to its conflict of laws principles. Regardless of any provision in any other agreement, for 
purposes of the UCC, New York shall be deemed to be the Intermediary's jurisdiction and the 
Securities Account (as well as the security entitlements with respect to any financial assets 
credited thereto) shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York. 
4.2 
submission to Jurisdiction; Jury Waiver. 
EACH OF DEBTOR, 
INTERMEDIARY AND SECURED PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO 
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT TO A 
JURY TRIAL IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING 
TO THIS AGREEMENT. In any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement, the parties hereto hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of the State of New York and the federal courts in New York City, and agree that effective 
service of process may be made by hand delivery or courier delivery as provided in Section 10 
below on Notices. The Secured Party may serve process in any other manner permitted by 
applicable law. Debtor hereby irrevocably waives any objection Debtor may now or hereafter 
have to the laying of venue in the aforesaid courts, and any claim that any of the aforesaid courts 
is an inconvenient forum. To the extent that Debtor or Debtor's property may have or hereafter 
acquire immunity, on the grounds of sovereignty or otherwise, from any judicial process hi 
connection with this Agreement, Debtor hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, any such immunity and agrees not to claim same. Debtor agrees 
that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive, and may be enforced 
in any other jurisdiction by suit on the judgment or in any other permitted manner. Debtor further 
agrees that any action or proceeding by Debtor against Secured Party or the Intermediary in 
respect to any matters arising out of, or in any way relating to, this Agreement or the obligations 
of Debtor hereunder shall be brought only in the State and County of New York. 
Section 5. 
Conflict with Other Agreements. 
5.1 
In the event of any conflict between this Agreement (or any portion 
thereof) and any other agreement now existing or hereafter entered into, the terms of this 
Agreement shall prevail, 
5.2 
No amendment or modification of this Agreement or waiver of any right 
hereunder shall be binding on any party hereto unless it is in writing and is signed by all of the 
parties hereto. 
5.3 
The Intermediary has not entered into, and until the termination of this 
Agreement will not enter into, any agreement with any other person relating to the Securities 
481053,3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083299 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229483 
EFTA01383573

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383574.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account and/or any financial assets credited thereto pursuant to which it has agreed to comply 
with entitlement orders (as defined in Section 8-102(aX8) of the UCC) of such other person. 
5.4 
The Intermediary has not entered into, and until the termination of this 
Agreement will not enter into, any agreement with the Debtor or the Secured Party purporting to 
limit or condition the obligation of the Intermediary to comply with Entitlement Orders as set 
forth in Section 2.3 hereof. 
Section 6. 
Representations. Warranties and Covenants of The Intermediary. 
The Intermediary hereby makes the following representations, warranties and covenants: 
6.1 
Enforceable Agreement. This Agreement is the valid and legally binding 
obligation of the Intermediary and the Intermediary shall not change the name or account number 
of the Securities Account without the prior written consent of the Secured Party; 
6.2 
Adverse Claims. Except for the claims and interest of the Secured Party, 
the Intermediary and the Debtor in the Securities Account, the Intermediary does not know of 
any claim to, or interest in, the Securities Account or in any financial asset credited thereto. If 
any person asserts any lien, encumbrance or adverse claim (including any writ, garnishment, 
judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process) against the Securities Account or 
in any financial asset credited thereto, the Intermediary will promptly notify the Secured Party 
and Debtor thereof. 
Section 7. 
Indemnification of Securities Intermediary. Debtor and Secured Party 
hereby agree that (a) the Intermediary is released from any and all liabilities to the Debtor and 
the Secured Party arising from the terms of this Agreement and the compliance of the 
Intermediary with the terms hereof, except to the extent that such liabilities arise from the 
Intermediary's gross negligence or willful misconduct (provided that Intermediary shall in no 
event be liable for any incidental, consequential or punitive damages), and (b) the Debtor, its 
successors and assigns shall at all times indemnify and save harmless the Intermediary and its 
affiliates and agents from and against any and all claims, actions and suits of others arising out of 
the terms of this Agreement or the compliance of the Intermediary with the terms hereof, except 
to the extent that such arises from the gross negligence and willful misconduct of the 
Intermediary, its affiliates or its agents, and from and against any and all liabilities, losses, 
damages, costs, charges, counsel fees and other expenses of every nature and character arising by 
reason of the same (including any fees or charges with respect to the Securities Account), until 
the termination of this Agreement. 
Section 8. 
Assienments Prohibited. Each party hereto agrees that it shall not assign 
its rights hereunder and any purported or attempted assignment of rights hereunder shall be null 
and void and of no effect except the Secured Party may assign its interests hereunder to any 
affiliate of Secured Party. If Secured Party assigns its interests to an affiliate, it must give Debtor 
and Intermediary ten business day's advance notice in writing. 
Section 9. 
Successors. 
Subject to the provisions of Section 8 with respect to 
voluntary assignment of its rights, the terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall 
inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective corporate successors or heirs and 
481053v3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083300 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229484 
EFTA01383574

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383575.pdf
----------------------------------------
personal representatives who obtain such rights solely by operation of law. The rights, benefits 
and protections of Secured Party under this Agreement shall also inure to the benefit of any 
affiliate of Secured Party (other than Intermediary) which has been granted a security interest in 
the Securities Account pursuant to separate documentation executed for the benefit of both the 
Secured Party and such affiliate. 
Section 10. 
Notices. 
Any notice, request or other communication required or 
permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and deemed to have been properly 
given when delivered in person or when sent by facsimile and electronic confirmation of error 
free receipt is received or two business days after being delivered to a reputable overnight 
delivery service for next day delivery, addressed to the party at the address set forth below. 
Debtor: 
Name: 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
Address: 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands 00802 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
e Tel 
E .? 
v\ 
Attention: 
Secured Party: 
Name: 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
Address: 
345 PARK AVE 6th Fir. NY, NY 10154 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attention: 
o 
Intermediary: 
Name: 
DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES, INC. 
Address: 
Flr., NY, NY 10154 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attention: 
ging Director 
Any party may change its address for notices in the manner set forth above. 
Section 11. 
Termination.
11.1 
Termination of this Agreement. The obligations of the Intermediary to the 
Secured Party pursuant to this Agreement shall continue in effect until the Secured Party has 
notified the Intermediary of such termination in writing in substantially the form of Exhibit C 
hereto. The termination of this Agreement shall not terminate the Securities Account or alter the 
obligations of the Intermediary to the Debtor pursuant to any other agreement with respect to the 
Securities Account. 
11.2 
Termination of Account. The Intermediary may, upon 30 days written 
notice to Debtor and Secured Party, resign as Intermediary hereunder and transfer all financial 
481053 v3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083301 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229485 
EFTA01383575

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383576.pdf
----------------------------------------
assets to another institution. The Secured Party shall have the right to identify the institution and 
the account to which financial assets shall be transferred by sending an Entitlement Order to the 
Intermediary at any time prior to the expiration of the thirtieth (3081) day after written notice 
from the Intermediary is sent to the Secured Party. If the Intermediary has not prior to the 
expiration of the 30 day received an Entitlement Order from the Secured Party directing 
transfer, the Intermediary may honor an Entitlement Order from the Debtor. If neither the 
Secured Party nor the Debtor has delivered a suitable Entitlement Order with respect to the 
transfer of the financial assets credited to the Securities Account, the Intermediary may, at its 
option, deposit the assets with a court of competent jurisdiction or establish a successor account 
at another institution. Any such successor account established by the Intermediary at another 
institution shall be maintained in the same name as the Securities Account; but other than the 
name in which the account is maintained, the Intermediary shall have no obligation to establish 
an account with the same or even similar terms as the Securities Account. 
481053v3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083302 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229486 
EFTA01383576

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383577.pdf
----------------------------------------
Section 12. 
Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any party hereto may 
execute this Agreement by signing and delivering one or more counterparts. 
SO(JTHE 
Debtor 
By: 
Name: `Cr 
Title: 
COMPA 
re-5Z aevl 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
DEUTSCHE-BANK AG 
By: 
Name: 
Title: Director 
By: 
NarrYe: 
Title: 
Cynthia Cticm 
Direetot 
° 
KATHLEEN YOI IL 
DIRECTOR 
DEUTSCHE 
INK SECURITIES INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Paul s. alvas 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Vice Presiden! 
Thomas Hoddinott 
Director 
481053v3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083303 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229487 
EFTA01383577

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383578.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383578.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit A 
[Letterhead of Secured Party] 
[Date] 
[NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE INTERMEDIARY] 
Re: 
Entitlement 
Order 
for 
Securities 
Account No. 
(the "Securities Account") 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
As referenced in the Agreement, dated  
, 20_ (the "Agreement"), among 
 (the "Debtor"), you and the undersigned (a copy of which is attached), 
pursuant to Section 2 of the Agreement, we hereby give you the following entitlement order with 
respect to account number 
• 
Order to Redeem 
You are hereby ordered to redeem the following financial assets: 
Any proceeds received on redemption should be credited to the 
Securities Account. 
Order to Transfer 
You are hereby ordered to transfer the following financial assets from the 
Securities Account: 
Such financial assets should be transferred by you to 
for 
credit to Account No. 
maintained in the name 
Very truly yours, 
[NAME OF SECURED PARTY] 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
cc: 
481053v3 072452.0101 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083304 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229488 
EFTA01383578

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383579.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383579.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit C 
[Letterhead of Secured Party] 
[Date] 
[NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE INTERMEDIARY] 
Re: 
Termination of Agreement 
You are hereby notified that the Agreement, dated  
, 20_ (the 
"Agreement"), among you, 
(the "Debtor") and the undersigned (a copy of which is 
attached) is terminated and you have no further obligations to the undersigned pursuant to such 
Agreement. Notwithstanding any previous instructions to you, you are hereby instructed to 
accept all future directions with respect to Securities Account number 
from the 
Debtor. This notice terminates any obligations you may have to the undersigned with respect to 
such account; however, nothing contained in this notice shall alter any obligations which you 
may otherwise owe to the Debtor pursuant to any other agreement. 
You are instructed to deliver a copy of this notice by facsimile transmission to [insert 
name of Debtor]. 
Very truly yours, 
[NAME OF SECURED PARTY] 
By: 
Name: 
cc: 
481053,3 072452.0101 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083306 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229490 
EFTA01383579

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383580.pdf
----------------------------------------
DB Private Wealth Online Plus—Additional Account Access/ 
Change Request 
Client Information 
IC 3 c.:4.5 
1:3 
4,a- g L ez• ," rt.) 
co Rdel° 800N cegnier&R 
•. ca-/ 
7" A en in 
V i 
et) <'t',71,
Requested Services (Consumer and Business Clients) 
rtit - 
i.n:,;(s7;;:Tons!‘n 
s"Crire Transit. 
SCH I:Isynaanz, 
Other Premium Services (Business Clients Only) 
AcH mee6r$ 
ite.eatiire Pay (7,Yee Applyl 
Dariel Account Revd; (Fees Apply! 
Pull it.tw.;neesi Praur s:. 
DBTCA Account(s) to add to Online Banking 
DBAG Account(s) to add to Online Banking 
Increase/Decrease Transaction Limits 
en Co, coo 
Other Features to be Enabled/Changed 
'Iv: ACM Daily Limit ix the -hely aggregate Silo; angrant el ACH transacurana tuarinenta and cayllesa nrsi You may 
:err 
tivtaph Private 'again, Online Plus. The Wee Trunslar Deily Lanai Is thi dai!V ovec4,:oto dollar arnolsra ul ...Ale trarGiti ,, -;.-)u 
may transrut through Piesatc Vaissith Online Ms. 
I.;•,:e: CiltAt 4001 
. '' '900 and agrees that DUCA. ...AI inalta razoSonabie alfror6 to reliirrza L9 Pr.: ACH (lady i..rinil :I'd adj : 
/7
Trznatnr Dar> !Ina, t; facie herein, but than have sin ohleeetier. ea CIV ;W. 
. 
. 
it t rovoivertao e revere° Internist Sensing Services. I 
For Bank Use Only: 
°richly °land von I ..1; be reqo oar; to entre a &opera re, Warner 
600,1kani &Mir:. Arriarnenr Molt% Deutsche Bank before I tan 
ac "_sa th' f!Tt ire Etaok:ag Son:ices
J 
C 
ev tc 11 47≤ le/At 
t
g.......)....e.„../
...-
Eke* 
/0(Cs
-ii e 
• 
it 
e :15.....r-ar 
Ccomo.alcsro 
...........
...
.7, o‘1.• .)11:,  v • 
Apr.ra, l hy 1•6,-s-InArrnzr-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083309 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229493 
EFTA01383580

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383581.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383581.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: Stewart Oldfield ‹
> 
Subject: Re: Butterfly brokerage ICI 
any update on timing for this account to be opened? 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Oct 26, 2018, at 10:43 AM, Liam Osullivan 
wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Richard, 
I am working with the account opening group and will let you know if they need 
anything additional. 
Thank you, 
Liam 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Friday, October 26, 2018 10:34 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
cc: Liam Osullivan 
Subject: Re: Butterfly brokerage 
liam please advise what is needed as we would like account opened asap 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083311 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229495 
EFTA01383581

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383582.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Oct 25 2018 at 3:48 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
> wrote: 
Rich, 
Sorry for the delay here. This account will be traded by the KCP team 
that trades all of your other accounts. The account opening is now in 
Ham's very capable hands. He will reach out if he needs anything else, 
but I think you provided the last of the things we didn't have last week. 
Thanks 
<image001 png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or 
privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient 
(or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU 
corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the 
information contained in this communication should not be 
regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083312 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229496 
EFTA01383582

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383583.pdf
----------------------------------------
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083313 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229497 
EFTA01383583

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383584.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
ToonsunChung
Sent: 
11/16/2018 4:44:18 PM 
To: 
Bradley Gillin 
; Stewart Oldfield 
Emily Craig 
CC: 
Subject: 
Daphne Cales 
RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [I] [C] 
Classification: Conklenial 
SO then we cannot kill the case. I will reject it back to you and please resubmit with the clients that will need the 
regular review done. 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street. 10005-2836 New York. NY. USA 
Tel 1 
Fax 1 
Email 
From: Bradley Gillin 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 4:43 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chung < 
Cc: Daphne Cales < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [IJ [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Yoonsun, 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Emily Craig 
Just the Insurance That. The others accounts below will remain open. Thanks. 
NES LLC - 
-DDA 
Plan D LLC - 
- DDA 
The Hue Trust - 
- DDA 
The Haze Trust - 
- DBSI 
The Haze trust - 
- DDA 
Regards. 
Brad 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083314 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229498 
EFTA01383584

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383585.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383585.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Ennil 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 4:32 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Daphne Cales < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [II 
Classification: Public 
Hi, 
>; Emily Craig 
>; Bradley Gitlin 
I just want to make sure. There are four clients on that KYC. All of them will be closing accounts? Thanks 
r2 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York. NY. USA 
Tel. 1 
Fax 1 
Email 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, November 16 20181:06 PM 
To: Emily Craig < 
>; Yoonsun Chung < 
Cc: Daphne Cales < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [I] 
Cool. Thanks everyone. Sorry for the long and winding path to get here .. 
From: Emily Craig 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 1:05 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chung <-
>; Bradley Gillin 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Bradley Gitlin 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083315 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229499 
EFTA01383585

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383586.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: Daphne Cales < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust jlj 
Classification: Public 
Done! 
Kind Regards. 
Emily 
Emily Craig 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Ikiitsvbe Ektok SaAwitic,. Inc 
I South Shoot Baltimore MD 2I202-3298 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 1:02 PM 
To: Stewart 0ldfield < 
>; Bradle Gillin < 
> 
Cc: Emily Craig < 
>; Daphne Cales < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [I] 
Classification: Public 
Emily? 
I think we can. I will close both cases? 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street. 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083316 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229500 
EFTA01383586

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383587.pdf
----------------------------------------
TIE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST 0i3 
TRUST AGREEMENT dated klostirittr- I , 2007 between 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN (the "Grantor") and DARREN K. INDYKE and 
LAWRENCE NEWMAN (the "Trustees"). 
The Grantor states that he is a domiciliary of and resides in 
Little St. James Island, United States Virgin Islands. 
The Grantor hereby transfers to the Trustees the property 
described in Schedule A hereto, to be administered and disposed of as 
provided in this agreement. 
I: I RS": 
Until the death of the Grantor, and subject to article SECOND, 
the Trustees shall retain such property, IN TRUST, for the following 
purposes: 
(a) 
In the discretion of the Trustees, to pay any part or all of 
the income, if any, or principal (including any insurance policy which may 
be owned by the trust) to the Grantor's brother, MARK LAWRENCE 
EPSTEIN, during the term of this trust. Any income not so paid shall 
annually be added to principal. 
(b) 
Upon the death of the Grantor, to dispose of the then 
remaining principal, if any, including any insurance proceeds or other 
44-1314 ! 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083322 
SDNY_GM_00229506 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01383587

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383588.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE 2007 IEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 
GRANTOR'S REVOCATION OF DESIGNATION OF SUCCESSOR TRUSTEES 
WHEREAS, Jeffrey E. Epstein is the Grantor (the "Grantor) under the provisions 
of THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 (the "Insurance Trust"), dated 
November 1, 2007; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted in Article EIGHTH of the Insurance 
Trust. designations of successor Trustees may be revoked in writing by the maker 
thereof at any time prior to the qualification of the Trustee so designated; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to Article EIGHTH of the Insurance Trust, the Grantor 
originally designated Eva Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner as successor Trustees 
under the Insurance Trust in the event that the current Trustees, Darren K. Indyke and 
Lawrence Newman, cease for any reasons to act as Trustee; 
WHEREAS, both Darren K Indyke and Lawrence Newman are currently acting 
as Trustees and neither Eva Andersson Dubin nor Abigail S. Wenxer has qualified as 
Trustee; and 
WHEREAS, the Grantor desires by this instrument to revoke the designation of 
both Eva Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner; 
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the power granted in Article EIGHTH of the 
Insurance Trust, the Grantor hereby revokes the 
antir 
esignation o 
th Eva 
Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner as successor Trustee 
the Insurance 
Trust. 
Date: December ag, 2012 
J  
JEF'PREY E. EP 
Receipt acknowledged b 
DARREN K. INDYKE, Trustee 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Gillin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
New York. NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083325 
SDNY_GM_00229509 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01383588

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383589.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383589.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Thursday, November 15, 2018 5:31 PM 
To: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: FW: Missed conversation with Bradley Gitlin 
Based on the trust doc, we don't think she is the bene. I will circle back tomorrow 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel 
Fa 
Em 
From: Yoonsun Chung < 
Date: Thursday, Nov 15, 2018, 5:29 PM 
To: Bradley Gillin   
 Yoonsun Chung 
Subject: Missed conversation with Bradley Gillin 
Yoonsun Chung 3:40 PM: 
It was The 2007 Jeffrey E Epstein insurance trust 
who is the current ben 
and do you have all the info/ID on that bene 
Bradley Gillin S:09 PM: 
We reached out to family office 
waiting on them 
thanks 
Yoonsun Chung 5:14 PM: 
Thanks 
BINS 
PM:
Looks like someone added her to the KYC already 
1977694 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083326 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229510 
EFTA01383589

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383590.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
12/19/2018 1:35:48 AM 
RM0082289@list.db.com 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20181219 
RM CODE 
82289 
12/18/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
35269691 JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
4,757,962.99 
35270625 NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
35271505 ALI RASHID 
.00 
35271716 SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
35272014 RAHUL VAID 
.00 
40820206 THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,320,159.82 
40821970 THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
129,358.40 
42811776 THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
482,857.97 
42909431 EQUIBASE COMPANY 
298,796.05 
42952771 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
731,136.85 
42953424 NEPTUNE, LLC 
243,693.10 
42953432 HYPERION AIR, LLC 
144,646.94 
42953467 PLAN D, LLC 
619,176.68 
42953475 JEGE, LLC 
104,801.52 
42953758 NES, LLC 
401,415.83 
42959295 LSJE, LLC 
248,379.92 
42959324 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
1,917,797.16 
42963550 BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
418,376.64 
42966807 ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
303,332.14 
42967703 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
42970443 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
42970451 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
42970478 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
42970486 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
42970494 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
42970507 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
42970646 KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
42970670 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
42970689 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
42970718 RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
42972203 KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
42972342 THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
42972449 ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
44107301 AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
160,899.79 
44129244 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
1,468,530.92 
44130552 BUTTERFLY TRUST 
356,861.74 
44133251 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
314,635.65 
44138167 CRW 2009 LLC 
1,000,114.35 
44138175 GEW 2009 LLC 
1,000,114.30 
44138714 DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
.00 
44139397 KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
77000949 THE HAZE TRUST 
7,719,110.44 
77000957 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
1,541,365.70 
77000965 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
103,538.13 
77000981 TODD R. WANEK AI
 KAREN A. WANEK 
9,915,257.62 
77001001 SSW 2007 LLC 
350,284.23 
77001028 KWF 2007 LLC 
2,860,537.22 
77001052 CRW 2007 LLC 
2,016,517.25 
77001060 GEW 2007 LLC 
2,016,764.61 
77001079 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
1,919,919.50 
77001087 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
1,648,385.14 
77001124 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
9,022,470.16 
RM CODE 
82289 
12/18/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
77001220 CRW 2009 LLC 
77001239 GEW 2009 LLC 
77004659 THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
77004923 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
77004931 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
2,577,602.43 
2,629,561.49 
13,608,975.69 
102,039.85 
102,039.85 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083327 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229511 
EFTA01383590

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383591.pdf
----------------------------------------
77004958 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
4,840,052.66 
77004966 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
253,184.10 
77004974 CAMERON WANEK 
406,305.18 
77005002 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
153,184.10 
77005010 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
153,184.10 
77005029 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
253,184.10 
77005037 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
153,184.10 
77005045 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
1,531,210.82 
77005053 ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
102,039.85 
77005125 LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
203,114.30 
77005141 KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
1,531,210.82 
77005184 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
153,184.10 
77005192 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
406,368.19 
77005248 RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
1,531,210.82 
77005360 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
1,218,108.76 
77006320 RAHUL VAID 
1,751,323.29 
77006339 ALI RASHID 
.00 
77006347 KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
350,088.22 
77006435 THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
2,000,000.00 
77006451 ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
88006940 CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
88006959 GEW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
20,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
1,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
1,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
1,000,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
88007046 SSW 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
88007046 55W 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
10,000,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
1,000,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
88007214 NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
307,241.55 
88011192 ALI RASHID 
1,500,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
1,000,000.00 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
100,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
12/18/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
100,000.00 
88011336 TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
88011336 TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
88011344 SHARI WAGNER 
2,500,000.00 
88011344 SHARI WAGNER 
1,000,000.00 
88011352 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
250,000.00 
88011352 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
100,000.00 
88011360 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
250,000.00 
88011360 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
100,000.00 
88011387 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
250,000.00 
88011387 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
100,000.00 
88011395 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
1,000,000.00 
88011395 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
1,000,000.00 
88011408 ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
88011408 ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
88011408 ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
88011424 LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
88011424 LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
88011424 LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
88011432 KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
1,000,000.00 
88011432 KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
1,000,000.00 
88011440 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
250,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083328 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229512 
EFTA01383591

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383592.pdf
----------------------------------------
88011440 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
100,000.00 
88011459 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
88011459 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
100,000.00 
88011475 RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
88011475 RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
88011491 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
88011491 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
88011491 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
88011491 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083329 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229513 
EFTA01383592

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383593.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383593.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
dwhpbdw-batch@db.com Idwhpbdw-batch@db.com] 
Sent: 
12/20/2018 1:39:47 AM 
To: 
RM0082289@list.db.com 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20181220 
RM CODE 
82289 
12/19/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
8,561,705.34 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
RAHUL VAID 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
828,831.23 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
128,508.40 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
482,507.97 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
228,843.67 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
911,136.85 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
243,693.10 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
144,646.94 
PLAN D, LLC 
619,176.68 
JEGE, LLC 
104,801.52 
NES, LLC 
401,415.83 
LSJE, LLC 
248,156.56 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
1,917,797.16 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
330,140.85 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
303,332.14 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
160,899.79 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
1,468,530.92 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
356,861.74 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
314,635.65 
CRW 2009 LLC 
1,000,114.35 
GEW 2009 LLC 
1,000,114.30 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
2,719,110.44 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
1,541,365.70 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
103,538.13 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
9,915,257.62 
SSW 2007 LLC 
350,284.23 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,860,537.22 
CRW 2007 LLC 
2,016,517.25 
GEW 2007 LLC 
2,016,764.61 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
1,919,919.50 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
1,648,385.14 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
9,022,470.16 
CODE 
82289 
LARGE, 
NAME 
12/19/18 
ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
CRW 2009 LLC 
2,577,602.43 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
2,629,561.49 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,608,975.69 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
102,039.85 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
102,039.85 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083330 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229514 
EFTA01383593

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383594.pdf
----------------------------------------
77004958 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
4,840,052.66 
77004966 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
253,184.10 
77004974 CAMERON WANEK 
406,305.18 
77005002 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
153,184.10 
77005010 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
153,184.10 
77005029 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
253,184.10 
77005037 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
153,184.10 
77005045 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
1,531,210.82 
77005053 ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
102,039.85 
77005125 LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
203,114.30 
77005141 KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
1,531,210.82 
77005184 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
153,184.10 
77005192 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
406,368.19 
77005248 RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
1,531,210.82 
77005360 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
1,218,108.76 
77006320 RAHUL VAID 
1,751,323.29 
77006339 ALI RASHID 
.00 
77006347 KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
350,088.22 
77006435 THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
2,000,000.00 
77006451 ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
88006940 CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
88006959 GEW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
20,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
1,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
1,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
1,000,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
88007046 SSW 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
88007046 55W 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
10,000,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
1,000,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
88007214 NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
307,241.55 
88011192 ALI RASHID 
1,500,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
1,000,000.00 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
100,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
12/19/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
100,000.00 
88011336 TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
88011336 TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
88011344 SHARI WAGNER 
2,500,000.00 
88011344 SHARI WAGNER 
1,000,000.00 
88011352 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
250,000.00 
88011352 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
100,000.00 
88011360 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
250,000.00 
88011360 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
100,000.00 
88011387 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
250,000.00 
88011387 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
100,000.00 
88011395 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
1,000,000.00 
88011395 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
1,000,000.00 
88011408 ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
88011408 ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
88011408 ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
88011424 LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
88011424 LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
88011424 LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
88011432 KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
1,000,000.00 
88011432 KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
1,000,000.00 
88011440 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
250,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083331 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229515 
EFTA01383594

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383595.pdf
----------------------------------------
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
100,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
100,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083332 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229516 
EFTA01383595

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383596.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart acff
] 
Sent: 
12/21/2018 5:00:13 PM 
To: 
Sella Klein I 
Subject: 
Automatic reply: AGE INC 
I will be out of the office until January 2nd, but should have regular access to email. 
For immediate assistance, please contact Brad Gillin ( 
I. Otherwise, I look forward 
to connecting when I return. 
Thanks 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083333 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229517 
EFTA01383596

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383597.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewar3lca 
Sent: 
12/24/2018 10:51:26 AM 
To: 
Richard Kahn I 
Subject: 
Automatic reply: JEGE INC 
I will be out of the office until January 2nd, but should have regular access to email. 
For immediate assistance, please contact Brad Gillin ( 
I. Otherwise, I look forward 
to connecting when I return. 
Thanks 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083334 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229518 
EFTA01383597

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383598.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
17 2019 2:27:49 AM 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20190117 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/16/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
ALI RASHID 
RAHUL VAID 
MARA WAGNER 
LEAH KUBIS 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
INCOMPASS SOLUTIONS INC 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
PLAN D, LLC 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
NES, LLC 
LS)E, LLC 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
THE HAZE TRUST 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
GRAT 
GRAT TR FOR 
D 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
THE HAZE TRUST 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
55W 2007 LLC 
KWF 2007 LLC 
CRW 2007 LLC 
GEW 2007 LLC 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
N CODE 
82289 
1,863,289.84 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
1,371,134.48 
107,459.35 
784,908.13 
385,443.32 
242,682.07 
8,894,757.18 
126,691.20 
568,364.42 
135,036.83 
477,198.95 
136,046.42 
194,557.48 
2,232,836.20 
382,903.15 
215,194.21 
497,882.14 
8,789,938.49 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
210,344.00 
.00 
385,874.18 
3,583,022.75 
357,146.85 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
7,435,467.34 
100,991.51 
1,866,313.15 
1,020,210.88 
1,020,458.73 
923,985.20 
01/16/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
CRW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
651,902.57 
D 
6,540,877.18 
D 
2,082,807.07 
D 
2,134,871.04 
D 
13,630,824.62 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083335 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229519 
EFTA01383598

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383599.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383599.pdf
----------------------------------------
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
2,349,825.59 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
307,125.58 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
153,512.31 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
153,512.31 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
153,512.31 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
534,302.61 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
103,524.42 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
534,302.61 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
153,512.31 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
407,207.62 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
534,302.61 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
1,220,488.24 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
1,754,744.37 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
350,795.11 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
2,002,778.08 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
M CODE 
82289 
01/16/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083336 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229520 
EFTA01383599

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383600.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383600.pdf
----------------------------------------
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
GRAT FOR LEAH M 
GRAT FOR LEAH M 
GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
CODE 
82289 
LARGE, 
NAME 
MARA WAGNER 
LEAH KUBIS 
100,000.00 
250,000.00 
100,000.00 
250,000.00 
100,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
250,000.00 
100,000.00 
500,000.00 
100,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
50,000,000.00 
50,000,000.00 
50,000,000.00 
25,000,000.00 
01/16/19 
ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
C 
C 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
.00 
.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083337 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229521 
EFTA01383600

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383601.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
2/6/2019 12:46:55AM 
Daily Deposit Report 
RM CODE 
02/05/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
3,528,146.60 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
238,000.00 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
696,473.01 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
1,072,847.78 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
3,382,542.75 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
412,347.61 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
2,924,080.14 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
362,747.97 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
249,347.94 
PLAN D. LLC 
D 
562,976.42 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
118,016.50 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
456,650.72 
NES, LLC 
D 
426,092.68 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
372,377.42 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
2,233,087.94 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
417,245.02 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
352,731.93 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
497,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
8,791,283.77 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
RM CODE 
02/05/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT P 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
161,647.38 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
3,566,274.09 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083338 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229522 
EFTA01383601

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383602.pdf
----------------------------------------
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
207,419.85 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
2,449,426.08 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,636,225.34 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
3,405,449.38 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
252,545.58 
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
252,793.96 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
251,128.59 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
2,188,460.25 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
1,552,936.45 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
1,587,297.96 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
1,639,472.48 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,653,978.34 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
1,355,260.15 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
207,791.39 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
153,838.26 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
153,838.26 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
153,838.26 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
255,623.39 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
255,623.39 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 0 
153,838.26 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
408,072.24 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
255,623.39 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
1,222,872.37 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
1,758,172.13 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
351,539.95 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
2,007,030.56 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,125,244.96 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
RM CODE 
02/05/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
5,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083339 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229523 
EFTA01383602

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383603.pdf
----------------------------------------
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
314,658.33 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
I CODE 
82289 
02/05/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERTS FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083340 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229524 
EFTA01383603

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383604.pdf
----------------------------------------
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C
100,000.00 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR
C 
100,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
IM 
C 
& JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ARA WAGNER
C 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
02/05/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
If need help please conta 
Thank you 
C 
500,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083341 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229525 
EFTA01383604

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383605.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383605.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
FINANCIAL REPORT 
As Of November 30, 2014 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083342 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229526 
EFTA01383605

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383606.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383606.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
(and subsidiaries) 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses 
Income Tax Basis 
For the Period January 1, 2014 to November 30, 
Revenues 
Fee income 
Southern Financial LLC - subsidiary equity loss 
Haze Trust - subsidiary equity loss 
Investment income 
2014 
70,000,000 
(10,727,940)
(7,599,307) 
179,456 
Total revenues 
51,852,209 
Expenses 
Employee costs and compensation 
979,836 
Occupancy and related expenses 
213,528 
Professional and consulting expenses 
1,876,567 
Other operating expense 
252,674 
Charitable expenses 
86,656 
Total expenses 
3,409,262 
Net income 
48,442,947 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083344 
SDNY_GM_00229528 
EFTA01383606

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383607.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
FINANCIAL REPORT 
As Of November 30, 2014 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083345 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229529 
EFTA01383607

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383608.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
(and subsidiary) 
Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Member's Equity 
Income Tax Basis 
as of November 30, 2014 
ASSETS 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Due from brokers 
Managed investment accounts, at cost 
13,504,156 
46,455,220 
72,211,896 
Total current assets 
$ 
132,171,271 
Fixed Assets 
266,023 
266,023 
Other assets 
Investment in partnerships, at cost 
16,970,471 
Investment in Haze Trust 
88,541,097 
Other receivables 
4,033,417 
Total other assets 
109,544,985 
TOTAL ASSETS 
241,982,280 
LIABILITIES AND MEMBER'S EQUITY 
Member's equity 
Member contributions 
260,309,527 
Net loss 
(18,327,247) 
Total member's equity 
241,982,280 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND 
MEMBER'S EQUITY 
241,982,280 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083346 
SDNY_GM_00229530 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01383608

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383609.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
(and subsidiary) 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses 
Income Tax Basis 
For the Period January 1, 2014 to November 30, 
Revenues 
Dividends and interest 
$ 
2014 
2,664,656 
Other investment income 
273,711 
Haze Trust - subsidiary equity loss 
(7,599,307) 
Short term capital gains 
182,016 
Long term capital losses 
(13,846,878) 
Total revenues 
(18,325,802) 
Expenses 
Other expenses 
1,443 
Total expenses 
1,443 
Net loss 
S 
(18,327,245) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083347 
SDNY_GM_00229531 
EFTA01383609

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383610.pdf
----------------------------------------
HAZE TRUST 
FINANCIAL REPORT 
As Of November 30, 2014 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083348 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229532 
EFTA01383610

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383611.pdf
----------------------------------------
HAZE TRUST 
Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Net Assets 
Income Tax Basis 
as of November 30, 2014 
ASSETS 
Current assets 
Due from brokers 
43,910,441 
Marketable securities, at cost 
18,715,244 
Total current assets 
$ 
62,625,685 
Other assets 
Investment partnerships, at cost 
25,915,413 
Total other assets 
25,915,413 
TOTAL ASSETS 
88,541,097 
LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS 
Net assets 
Net Contributions 
18,005,211 
Accumulated income 
50,535,886 
Total net assets 
88,541,097 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND 
NET ASSETS 
88,541,097
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083349 
SDNY_GM_00229533 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01383611

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383612.pdf
----------------------------------------
HAZE TRUST 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses 
Income Tax Basis 
For the Period January 1, 2014 to November 30, 2014 
Revenues 
Dividends and interest 
$ 
896,935 
Short term capital losses 
(2,192) 
Long term capital losses 
(8,494,050) 
Total revenues 
(7,599,307) 
Net loss 
$ 
(7,599,307) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083350 
SDNY_GM_00229534 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01383612

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383613.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383613.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Liam Osullivan 
Sent: 
2/19/2019 10:24:13 AM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
CC: 
Darren lndyke 
; Jeanne Brenna 
Stewart Oldfield 
Martin Zeman 
Subject: 
Haze Trust IC) 
Classification: Confidential 
Good morning Rich, 
The haze trust received in $167,380.95 last week: 
02/14/2019 
$133,435.60 
Wire from HSBC 
02/15/2019 
$33,945.35 
C PRK Dividend 
There is $167,414.61 cash available. 
Thank you, 
Liam 
Liam O'Sullivan 
Investments it Trading Institutional Wealth Partners 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY I 0154-0004: USA 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Visit us: Implideutschewealth coin. 
#Positivelm pact 
Davide-A Sferrazza 
IWP products and services are intended for and available only to sophisticated, experienced investors who qualify as Institutional accounts' 
under FINRA Rule 4512(c)(3), and are capable of evaluating the investment benefits and risks of, and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating and determining whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies and financial transactions. Transactions are subject to 
relevant internal approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to execution, and no transaction, idea or opportunity dscussed herein may be 
executed unless you are a client of Deutsche Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group (IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products, investment ideas and solutions is for dscussion purposes only. While brokerage services offered 
through the IWP Americas desk may include investment recommendations and brokerage advice. IWP does not provide investment 
management or investment advisory services, and private market opportunities and other products and services available through IWP are 
offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you. solely for your information and for discussion purposes only, and does not create any 
legally binding obligation. Reproduction or dstribution of any material herein without our written consent is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083351 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229535 
EFTA01383613

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383614.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383614.pdf
----------------------------------------
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083352 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229536 
EFTA01383614

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383615.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383615.pdf
----------------------------------------
Robert Lewis Allbritton 1996 Trust 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Southern Trust Company Inc 
The Shenandoah 2008 Trust 
Kind regards. 
Ian Sailers 
<image001 sof= 
Ian Salters 
COO Americas - Institutional Wealth Partners 
DR So:unties Inc 
Deutsche flank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 10 154-0004 Now York. NY. USA 
Visit us Imp deutscbewealth.com 
<image002.gif> 
Douglas Robertson 
Stewart Oldfield 
Stewart Oldfield 
Rosemary Vrablic (RM) Josh Shoshan (KCP) 
IWP products and services are intended for and available only to sophisticated, experienced investors who qualify as 
Institutional accounts" under FINRA Rule 4512(c)(3). and are capable of evaluating the investment benefits and risks 
of, and exercising independent judgment in evaluating and determining whether to enter into, sophisticated trading 
strategies and financial transactions. Transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of Deutsche Bank or its 
affiliates prior to execution, and no transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be executed unless you are 
a client of Deutsche Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group (WP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products, investment ideas and solutions is for discussion purposes only. While 
brokerage services offered through the IWP Americas desk may include investment recommendations and brokerage 
advice, IWP does not provide investment management or investment advisory services. and private market 
opportunities and other products and services available through IWP are offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you, solely for your information and for discussion purposes only. 
and does not create any legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any material herein without our 
written consent is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083354 
SDNY_GM_00229538 
EFTA01383615

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383616.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083355 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229539 
EFTA01383616

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383617.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Liam Osullivan 
Sent: 
2/28/2019 8:20:41 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
CC: 
Martin Zeman 
Subject: 
RE: JE accounts ICI 
Classification: Confidential 
we are down to the main Southern Financial LLC account, IMM. 
Most of the assets have left the 
account this morning. There is 224,000 shares of Apple and 442k in cash left. There is an Interactive 
Brokers transfer that Rich submitted this week that we have not seen yet. 
Original Message 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, Feb 
r 
• 
To: Liam Osulliva 
Cc: Martin Zeman 
Subject: 3E accoun s 
Did they manage to clean up the last pieces here? Rich thought they would be done this week. I have a 
few straggler bank accounts, but they've made good progress there. Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank wealth Management 
345 park Avenue. New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
securities offered through Deutsche Bank securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083357 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229541 
EFTA01383617

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383618.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOCIETE 
GENERALE 
Preuve d'emission 
Page : 1 / 1 
Code de l'agence : 
03764 
Nom de l'agence : 
PARIS CENTRE ENT 4 
Reference SG : 
904684656486 
Reference client : 
MERCEDES-BENZ PARIS 
B ROUTE DE LA REINE 
92100 BOULOGNE BILLANCOURT 
Conformement aux instructions recues, nous avons traita le virement ci-apres : 
Date d'execution : 15-02-2019 
Canal d'acquisition : SAISIE IHM 
Type toperation : Virement interbancaire MT 202 
Banque receptrice : DEUTDEFFXXX 
UETR (Reference Unique de Transaction) 
Reference Interbancaire 
03620904684656D1 
Reference Operation d'origine 
32A 
Date de Valeur/Devise/Montant 
190215 EUR 
10000.00 
Montant Contrevaleur 
EUR 
10000.00 
52A 
Banque ordonnatrice 
/300030376000020020788 
SOGEFRPP 
58A 
Banque Beneficiaire 
/3526 9691 
DEUTDEFFXXX 
Informations Banque a Banque 
/RECNRT 30/0W18/JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
//6100 RED HOOK QTR. B3 ST THOMAS 
/100802 UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLAN 
//REF: 03M7180830110658 
Le 11/03/2019 
Canal d'emission : EURO 1 
a bd15c 11-847f-493d-a b70-ce91b33e1543 
Ce releve vous est communique a titre informatit Pour tout complement d'information, veuillez vous adresser 2 vos contacts habituels 
au Back Office. 
Societe Generale S.A. au capital de 1 007 799 641,25 EUR Siege Social 29. bd Haussmann 75009 Paris 552 120 222 RCS Paris 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083359 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229543 
EFTA01383618

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383619.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383619.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
3/11/2019 2:27:35 PM 
To: 
ftri id Macias I 
I; Michele•M Quattrocchi 
); Firdaus Madiar 
Nicole Perskawiec 
BCC: 
Subject: 
FW: Wire deposit (I] 
Attachments: MERCEDES.pdf 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Please see below. Bella is trying to track a payment made to acct 
n Euros that hasn't posted. 
Can one of you call to help her? 
Thanks 
From: Bella Klein 
Sent: Monday, March 11, 2019 2:22 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Fwd: Wire deposit 
I 
I 
> Auackd please find w ire transfer reference from Mercedes Bent of Paris for the wire that was sent to us Fetnuar) 15th. Please let 
us know if you can trace it. 
> Thank you. 
> Bella 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083361 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229545 
EFTA01383619

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383620.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383620.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOCIETE 
GENERALE 
Preuve d'emission 
Page : 1 / 1 
Code de l'agence : 
03764 
Nom de l'agence : 
PARIS CENTRE ENT 4 
Reference SG : 
904684656486 
Reference client : 
MERCEDES-BENZ PARIS 
B ROUTE DE LA REINE 
92100 BOULOGNE BILLANCOURT 
Conformement aux instructions recues, nous avons traite le virement ci-apres : 
Date d'execution : 15-02-2019 
Canal d'acquisition : SAISIE IHM 
Type toperation : Virement interbancaire MT 202 
Banque receptrice : DEUTDEFFXXX 
UETR (Reference Unique de Transaction) 
Reference Interbancaire 
03620904684656D1 
Reference Operation d'origine 
32A 
Date de Valeur/Devise/Montant 
190215 EUR 
10000.00 
Montant Contrevaleur 
EUR 
10000.00 
52A 
Banque ordonnatrice 
/300030376000020020788 
SOGEFRPP 
58A 
Banque Beneficiaire 
/3526 9691 
DEUTDEFFXXX 
Informations Banque a Banque 
/RECNRT 30/0W18/JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
//6100 RED HOOK QTR. B3 ST THOMAS 
/100802 UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLAN 
//REF: 03M7180830110658 
Le 11/03/2019 
Canal d'emission : EURO 1 
a bd15c 11-847f-493d-a b70-ce91b33e1543 
Ce releve vous est communique a titre informatit Pour tout complement d'information, veuillez vous adresser 2 vos contacts habituels 
au Back Office. 
Societe Generale S.A. au capital de 1 007 799 641,25 EUR Siege Social 29. bd Haussmann 75009 Paris 552 120 222 RCS Paris 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083362 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229546 
EFTA01383620

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383621.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383621.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Vahe Stepanian 
7/30/201510:09:35 AM 
'jeffrey E.' (jeevacation 
Paul Morris 
mail.coml 
;'Richard Kahn' 
1; Aria 
; Stewart Oldfield 
I; Daniel Sabba II 
RE: Trade Recap - 01/27/2015 - Long TWTR on ly TRS, Short TWTR ly calls (CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey — I'm following up on Daniel's email below. The IA requirement would increase from 30% to 35% if you were to 
unwind the short TWTR call but maintain your long TWTR TRS. 
Note that the current requirement is 30% on the structure (i.e. both legs), but that you currently have sufficient excess 
in your collateral account to cover the extra 5% IA requirement. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
From: Daniel Sabba 
Sent: Thursday, July 30, 2015 10:01 AM 
To: 'jeffrey E.' 
Cc: Paul Morris; 'Richard Kahn'; Vahe Stepanian; Ariane Dwyer; Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Trade Recap - 01/27/2015 - Long TWTR on ly TRS, Short TWTR ly calls [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey, please see below offers to unwind the short call position only: 
For TWTR reference of 531.60 the cost to unwind is $1.89/share with a delta of 32%. 
This assumes we work our execution and delta adjust price. 
There will be a change in IA for the TRS once the call is unwound, as the IA of long TRS + short calls is lower than simply 
long TRS. We are waiting to hear back from our credit team on what this change would be and will advise. 
Regards, 
Daniel 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Tuesday, January 27, 2015 5:50 PM 
To: Daniel Sabba; jeffrey E. 
Cc: Paul Morris; Richard Kahn 
Subject: RE: Trade Recap - 01/27/2015 - Long TWTR on ly TRS, Short TWTR ly calls [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey — please find updated TWTR trade details below (inclusive of initial strike), along with attached termsheet. 
Total Return 
Swap Seller: 
Swap Buyer: 
Ticker: 
Size: 
Expiry: 
Spread: 
Resets: 
Swap: 
DB 
Southern Financial LLC 
TWTR 
100,000 shares 
1/27/2016 
lmL+ 75bps 
Monthly 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083363 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229547 
EFTA01383621

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383622.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383622.pdf
----------------------------------------
Optional Early 
Commissions: 
Initial Strike: 
European Call 
Option Seller: 
Option Buyer: 
Shares: 
Notional: 
Type: 
Style: 
Expiry: 
Strike 
Premium client receives: $728,278.28 (18.69%) 
Termination: Applicable, 3 days (two-way) 
$0.03 per share in and out 
$38.9662 (Gross) / $38.9962(Net) 
options on TWTR: 
Southern Financial LLC 
DB 
100,000 
$3,896,620.00 
Call 
European 
1/27/2016 
$38.9662 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
From: Daniel Sabba 
Sent: Tuesday, January 27, 2015 2:14 PM 
To: jeffrey E. 
Cc: Vahe Stepanian; Paul Morris; Richard Kahn 
Subject: Trade Recap - 01/27/2015 - Long TWTR on ly TRS, Short TWTR ly calls [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey, per our phone conversation, Southern Financial LLC entered into the following transactions with Deutsche Bank 
AG, acting through its London branch. Southern Financial went long TWTR US through ly TRS. Southern Financial went 
short TWTR US ly European Calls struck at 100%. Initial strike on both transactions to be commercially reasonable VWAP 
until today's close. The Initial Margin on these transactions is 30% of Notional. Termsheet and official confirm to follow. 
Total Return Swap: 
Swap Seller: 
Swap Buyer: 
Ticker: 
Size: 
Expiry: 
Spread: 
Resets: 
Monthly 
Optional Early Termination: Applicable, 3 days (two-way) 
Commissions: $0.03 per share in and out 
Initial Strike: 
commercially reasonable VWAP until today's close 
DB 
Southern Financial LLC 
TWTR 
100,000 shares 
1/27/2016 
1mL+ 75bps 
European Call options on TWTR: 
Option Seller: 
Option Buyer: 
Notional: 
Expiry: 
Strike: 
Bid: 
Regards, 
Daniel 
Southern Financial LLC 
DB 
100,000 OTC Call 
1/27/2016 
100% of TRS Initial Strike 
18.69% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083364 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229548 
EFTA01383622

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383623.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383623.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
3/18/2019 8:43:52 AM 
To: 
Darren Indyke 
Subject: 
Re: letter 
Please provide an address to put on the letter. And a contact name if there is one. Thanks. Will be able to send before 
noon hopefully. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 212 454-2881 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Mar 18, 2019, at 8:21 AM, Darren Indyke 
> wrote: 
Great if you can provide me with that letter today addressed to Bank Leumi I will forward it. Thanks. 
Sent from my iPhone. Please excuse the typos. 
On Mar 18, 2019, at 8:16 AM, Stewart Oldfield < 
> wrote: 
From: Stewart Oldfield < 
Date: March 15, 2019 at 3:41:10 PM EDT 
To: 
>, Richard Kahn 
Subject: letter 
Darren and Rich, 
Happy to provide a letter as we discussed for the bank that received 
funds from your DB account for the investment you made. Will use the 
language below. Please send the contact info and I will get you a letter 
Monday. 
Southern Trust Company Inc. has been an account holder at Deutsche 
Bank since 2013 and we are not aware of any problems relating to the 
operation or use of its accounts. 
Thanks 
<image001 png> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083366 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229550 
EFTA01383623

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383624.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383624.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bella Klein 
Sent: 
3/29/2019 4:55:54 PM 
To: 
Brigid Macias 
CC: 
Natalie Barak 
Stewart 0ldfield 
Subject: 
Re: returned funds to Caterpillar 
Attachments: doc04126720190329160106.pdf; Untitled attachment 02610.htm; image001.png; Untitled attachment 02613.htm 
Importance: 
High 
Brigid, 
Attached please find letter request to reopen account. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083371 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229555 
EFTA01383624

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383625.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383625.pdf
----------------------------------------
The 2017 Caterpillar Trust 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St Thomas VI 00802 
MEMORANDUM 
To 
Brigid 
Liam 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Value Date: 
March 29, 2019 
Debit Account # : 
gay 
********************* ***** ****** ******* ** ********************* *** ******* 
Please reopen the above account 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083372 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229556 
EFTA01383625

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383626.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thudcyou. 
Bona 
On Mar 29, 2019, at 4:30 PM, Brigid Macias e.ta>
OiC: 
Good Afternoon, 
Please note we will need a signed letter from the authorized person to re-open the account and credit the funds accordingly as this was a client 
instructed closing of the account. 
Kind regards. 
Brigid Macias 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083373 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229557 
EFTA01383626

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383627.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383627.pdf
----------------------------------------
Routing No: 
Account Name: HBRK Associates Inc 
Account No: 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
On Mar 29, 2019, at 10:35 AM, Natalie Barak 
ati> 
wrote: 
Hi Bella 
Stewart is travelling for work so I wanted to touch base on the below. Kindly advise. 
Regards, 
Natalie 
<irnage002.gif> 
Natalie Barak 
Vect ['feintsnu I Wain*: hte alba r 
Lieu tic Pt Unn3 We Oa: 3.3atiestiseni 
Dostathe 844i. *run csmisew M.411, 01. 
MS PM A.tfra, Sew fork. SI SPISs 
tmM 
From: Stewart Oldf'eld 
Sent: Thursday, March 28, 2019 11:29AM 
To: Bella Klein 
Cc: Richard Kahn 
; Bradley Gillin •
:-;Natalie 
Barak 
Subj 
a erpillar 
We had an $8723.23 wire returned that was sent to Caterpaar. Since that account is now 
closed, we need to credit the funds to a different account. What LI S the best one to use? Thanks 
<imagic003.png> 
Stewed Oldeskr, CFA, CAM 
Deutsche Bank Truer CenConY Anion 
Deutsch. Bank Weal, letsnegplerstel 
345 Perk Melia. New Yak NY 101St 
Tel 
Erni 
Secants offered Marsh Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. It you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please 
notify the sender immeciately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized 
copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Please refer to ISgraJ, &COMIgiadOSures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you we not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying. disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083376 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229560 
EFTA01383627

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383628.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383628.pdf
----------------------------------------
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db corNbsclosurea for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
• imagal02.gil- imap:003.pmg-
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you we not the intended recipient (or have received 
this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this communication. My unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://dbcom/cisclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication should not be regarded as 
such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083377 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229561 
EFTA01383628

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383629.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
;'Richard Kahn' 
l; Daniel Sabba 
I 
; Ariane Dwyer 
; Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
RE: DB James Malcolm: Are the Bo) shifting stance? Own some cheap optionatity..... [CI 
Vahe Stepanian 
5/4/2015 1:44:15 PM 
'Jeffrey Epstein' [jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Jeffrey- bid/ask below per your request. There was a typo in the previous email, the mid represented was not the 
mid on the structure but an offer on one of the legs. To clarify, we priced the structures by choosing a strike on 
the USD/JPY put sale, then solving for the call. 
Spot ref = 120.15 
#1) SFLLC sells Put, buys Call on USD/JPY in a premium neutral Risk Reversal 
Put Strike: 118.00 
Call Strike: 122.45 
Notional: USD 10,000,000 USD 
Expiry: Thu 06-Aug-2015 (3m) 
As a spread: 
Price on the 118.00 is 103,000 / 113,000 
Price on the 122.45 is 103,000 choice 
#2) SFLLC sells Put, buys Call on USD/JPY in a premium neutral Risk Reversal 
Put Strike: 117.00 
Call Strike: 123.45 
Notional: USD 10,000,000 USD 
Expiry: Thu 05-Nov-2015 (6m) 
Settlement: Mon 09-Nov-2015 
As a spread: 
Price on the 117 is $149,100 / $160,000 
Price on the 123.45 is $149,100 
#3) SFLLC sells Put, buys Call on USD/JPY in a premium neutral Risk Reversal 
Put Strike: 116.00 
Call Strike: 125.00 
Notional: USD 10,000,000 USD 
Expiry: Thu 05-Nov-2015 (6m) 
Settlement: Mon 09-Nov-2015 
ZoneCut: NY 
As a spread: 
Price on the 116.00 is $117,500 / $130,000 
Price on the 125.00 is $117,500 choice 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083379 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229583 
EFTA01383629

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383630.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383630.pdf
----------------------------------------
Vahe Stepanian 
Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Tel. 
Mobile: 
Email: 
Original Message 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Monday, May 04, 2015 10:00 AM Eastern Standard Time 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Cc: Paul Morris; Daniel Sabba; Ariane Dwyer; Richard Kahn 
Subject: RE: DB James Malcolm: Are the BoJ shifting stance? Own some cheap optionality 
 [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey- please find risk reversal pricing below per your request. 
Spot ref = 120.15 
#1) SFLLC sells Put, buys Call on USD/JPY in a premium neutral Risk Reversal 
Put Strike: 
118.00 
Call Strike: 
122.45 
Notional: 
USD 10,000,000 USD 
Expiry: 
Thu 06-Aug-2015 (3m) 
Structure Mid: USD -113,000 
#2) SFLLC sells Put, buys Call on USD/JPY in a premium neutral Risk Reversal 
Put Strike: 
117.00 
Call Strike: 
123.45 
Notional: 
USD 10,000,000 USD 
Expiry: 
Thu 05-Nov-2015 (6m) 
Structure Mid: USD -160,000 
#3) SFLLC sells Put, buys Call on USD/JPY in a premium neutral Risk Reversal 
Put Strike: 
116.00 
Call Strike: 
125.00 
Notional: 
USD 10,000,000 USD 
Expiry: 
Thu 05-Nov-2015 (6m) 
Structure Mid: USD -130,000 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
From: Daniel Sabba 
Sent: Friday, May 01, 2015 4:35 PM 
To: Jeffrey E.; Paul Morris 
Cc: Vahe Stepanian; Ariane Dwyer; Richard Kahn 
Subject: RE: DB James Malcolm: Are the Bo) shifting stance? Own some cheap optionality 
 [C] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083380 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229564 
EFTA01383630

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383631.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383631.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: Confidential 
The reason why one would do the trade below is for its embedded leverage. While it requires upfront premium, there is 
no IA required besides it. A premium neutral risk reversal utilizes your capital as it requires Initial Amount under your 
Credit Support Annex terms. 
We will send risk reversals quotes when market reopens. Could you please clarify what expiries you would like to look 
at? 
From: jeffrey E. [mailtoleevacationOcimail.com]
Sent: Friday, May 01, 2015 4:02 PM 
To: Daniel Sabba; Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: DB James Malcolm: Are the Bo.] shifting stance? Own some cheap optionality 
send me put and calls at different strikes and duration, why in the world would i put up any money if i can short 
puts? buyu calls .risk reversal. sorry 
On Fri, May 1, 2015 at 10:15 AM, Daniel Sabba < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey — we wanted to share this note with you as it relates to what we perceive to be your macro views. 
James Malcolm is updating his view on the Bol - he thinks there is now material event risk for the July meeting which 
warrants some 3-month vol premium on Yen assets and a close following of domestic data and news in the interim. Is 
the BoJ stance shifting from "no-ease-unless-things-worsen" .... to "ease-unless-things improve" mode ? 
I think it makes a lot of sense to own some low delta, low premium $1PY upside at the moment 
We are axed to sell 50m$ payout of a 5th August expiry 133.15 One Touch at just 8% (mid 5%) 
So invest 4m$ upfront to make 50m$ if the level trades at any point during the lifetime of the trade 
Spot 119.95 
Full piece attached below 
From James Malcolm : 
Minor tweaks or comments in recent BoJ reports suggest the central bank is becoming more nervous about missing its 
inflation target a little over two years after it was lifted and a radical new QE program to achieve it was 
implemented. They suggest that if the economy does not pick up substantial momentum over the next ten weeks 
additional easing may be warranted. The July 15 monetary policy meeting is key as it provides for an interim assessment 
of policy board member's price and growth forecasts, and comes just after the Bank's quarterly Tankan and public 
opinion survey. Beyond the hard data, these will show whether spending intentions and inflation expectations are lifting 
in response to higher profits and wages absent the consumption-tax drag. 
What has changed? This week's semiannual Outlook for Economic Activity and Prices report ('The Bank's View') replaced 
its assessment that "there are downside risks" for prices with the starker phrase that "risks are skewed to the 
downside." A research study on the impact of GE thus far, published today, concluded that "in order to achieve the price 
stability target of 2% in a stable manner, a further increase in inflation expectations is necessary." It also said that while 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083381 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229565 
EFTA01383631

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383632.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383632.pdf
----------------------------------------
the overall results have been broadly in line with expectations "... [the] demand component data for real GDP --
particularly private consumption -- point to considerably weaker improvements than predicted," even if, on the other 
hand, actual increases in corporate profits and employee income have noticably exceeded expectations. And an 
empirical regime-switching model that researchers at the Bank have have developed shows that the likelihood of a 
switch in inflation to a 2% trend remains very low. In fact, it has turned down from about 20% to 10% more recently, 
while the probability of the trend being at 1% has risen to about 55% from less than 20% pre-2013 (chart below). That is 
good in so far as the probability of the trend being at zero has dropped from stably more than 80% to less than 30% 
today, yet that is clearly not something which Mr Kuroda will settle for. 
For his part, the central bank chief is walking a tightrope. He has conceded his much vaunted original 2-year timeframe 
will be missed due to inflation, but clearly also feels like he cannot give the government any scope to relax on their 
medium-term fiscal consolidation plan, as this was an explicit precondition for the conduct and support of extraordinary 
monetary easing in the first place. It warrants some 3-month vol premium on yen assets and a particularly close 
following of domestic data and news in the interim. Both mark a sharp shift from what was always likely to be a very 
quiet 4 or S months following last December's election. 
http://www.boi.or.ip/en/mopo/outlookhzor1504a.pdf 
http://www.boi.or.ip/en/research/wps rev/rev 2015/data/rev15e03.pdf 
https://www.boi.or.ip/en/research/wps rev/wps 2015/data/wp15e03.pdf 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083382 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229566 
EFTA01383632

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383633.pdf
----------------------------------------
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083383 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229567 
EFTA01383633

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383634.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
dwhpbdw-batch@db.com Idwhpbdw-batch@db.comj 
Sent: 
6/29/2019 2:26:12 AM 
To: 
RM0082289@list.db.com 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20190629 
RM CODE 
82289 
06/28/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
AND 
.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,006,533.23 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
111,612.10 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
240,456.44 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
251,904.10 
INCOMPASS SOLUTIONS INC 
D 
103,796.59 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
.00 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
.00 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
.00 
NES, LLC 
D 
.00 
LSJE, LLC 
.00 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
320,641.07 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
.00 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC (HOUSE ACCOUNT) 0 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
LAKE POINT HOLDINGS LLC 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN AGGREGATE TRANSPORT SERVICES D 
.00 
TRIMBARNES FAMILY LTD 
D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
353,158.18 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY DISTRIBUTION SERVICES LTD 
M 
.00
N CODE 
82289 
06/28/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
M 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
5,007,420.88 
55w 2007 LLC 
D 
1,011,630.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
1,011,954.19 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
253,557.87 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083384 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229568 
EFTA01383634

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383635.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383635.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACCT # 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
06/28/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
350,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
314,658.33 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083386 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229570 
EFTA01383635

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383636.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383636.pdf
----------------------------------------
HARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
HARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
KARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
HARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
HARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
OBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
OBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
OBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
OBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
OBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
OBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
URA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
URA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
CODE 
82289 
06/28/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
AMOUNT 
URA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
URA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
URA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
URA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
TI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
500,000.00 
TI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
500,000.00 
TI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
500,000.00 
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,127,397.29 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,127,397.29 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
EAH KUBIS 
C 
.00 
EYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
SHLEV FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
15,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
C 
.00 
BRIELLE E. WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
BRIELLE E. WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
SHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
C 
.00 
SHLEV DISTRIBUTION SERVICES LTD 
C 
25,000,000.00 
SHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
C 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083387 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229571 
EFTA01383636

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383637.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383637.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
7/11/2019 11:57:54AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
another crazy article..that links us.. 
https://www.nytimes.com/2019/07/ 10/businessfjeffrey-epstein-net-worth.html 
Richard Kahn 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083388 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229572 
EFTA01383637

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383638.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383638.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
7/17/2019 3:40:39 PM 
To: 
Patrick Campion 
BCC: 
Subject: 
FW: Southern Financial (SC) 
Attachments: 190716 Southern financial_GMIS Updated.xlsx 
; Kimberly Hart 
Classification: Strictly Confidential 
I was finally able to get complete data from GMIS across account types. It's all very close to the numbers I provided you 
yesterday. 
Thanks 
From: Donna Kerrigan 
Sent: Wednesday, July 17, 2019 2:48 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Leslie Roth < 
Subject: Southern Financial (C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Stewart — Does the attached now align with your expectation? 
Thanks 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083389 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229573 
EFTA01383638

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383639.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
1/31/2018 2:27:59 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20180131 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/30/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
35269691 JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,350,647.26 
35270625 NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
37992752 NOEL VOLPE & 
199,865.83 
40820206 THE JOCKEY CLUB 
2,316,155.29 
42811776 THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
767,449.58 
42909431 EQUIBASE COMPANY 
1,217,759.85 
42918469 INCOMPASS SOLUTIONS INC 
250,345.77 
42952771 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
387,695.00 
42953424 NEPTUNE, LLC 
267,274.81 
42953467 PLAN D, LLC 
239,245.56 
42953475 )EGE, LLC 
463,079.08 
42953707 DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
540,541.81 
42953715 HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
452,775.73 
42953758 NES, LLC 
190,145.95 
42957978 )SC INTERIORS LLC 
196,206.07 
42959295 LSJE, LLC 
233,111.50 
42959324 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
255,982.49 
42963550 8L000-HORSE LLC 
685,606.92 
42966807 ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
149,705.05 
42967121 PRYTANEE, LLC 
198,182.14 
42967287 THE HAZE TRUST 
2,503,667.84 
42967340 CRW 2007 LLC 
.00 
42967359 GEW 2007 LLC 
.00 
42967447 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
42967703 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
44107301 AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
422,222.15 
44129244 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
1,644,548.22 
44133251 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
365,047.95 
77000949 THE HAZE TRUST 
49,190,850.92 
77000957 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
7,006,621.73 
77000965 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
6,090,866.02 
77001001 55W 2007 LLC 
284,932.55 
77001028 KWF 2007 LLC 
250,461.14 
77001079 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
288,637.38 
77001087 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
250,000.35 
77001220 CRW 2009 LLC 
251,451.32 
77001239 GEW 2009 LLC 
251,460.61 
If need help please contact pbrd_adminelist.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083391 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229575 
EFTA01383639

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383640.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383640.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Danya Friedman 
on behalf of 
Amlcompliance Inquiries 
Sent: 
12/2/2016 11:36:15 AM 
To: 
Zbynek Kozelsky 
Oldfield 
CC: 
Joshua Shoshan 
Subject: 
Amlcompliance Inquiries 
Vahe Stepanian 
; Donald Summer 
RE: Inquiry Regarding THE HAZE TRUST, Accouna 
Alert# 
; Stewart 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Classification: For Infernal use only 
Please specify the originating account so that I can confirm this transaction, after searching PRIME and DB FORCE (our 
PB systems, I am unable to locate the transaction). Also, any idea as to why, if this is an internal transfer, that funds are 
being sent through HSBC? 
Best Regards/Mit freundlichen GrUflen, 
PWM AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall St 23 Floor 
New York. NY 10005 - 2836 
Fax 
From: Zbynek Kozelsky 
Sent: Friday, December 02, 2016 11:23 AM 
To: Amlcompliance Inquiries a; 
Stewart Oldfield =En 
Vahe 
Stepanian 
Cc: Joshua 
os an 
; Donald Summer ‹
; Cynthia Rodriguez 
Subject: 
: Inquiry egar trig THE HAZE TRUST, Accouna 
Alert# 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Just to clarify, the funds came in from client's Private bank account (in house — from DBTCA account/PB into his DBSI 
account). 
Thanks 
Zbynek "Ziggy" Kozelsky 
Director I Branch Administrative Manager 
Key Client Partners - Americas 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083392 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229576 
EFTA01383640

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383641.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383641.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Prashant Mahendru 
Sent: 
12/14/2016 12:42:48 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Your lead has been successfully converted into a Customer-Prospect 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY CONVERTED INTO A PROSPECT*** 
A new customer-Prospect record: zorro Management, LLC, corresponding contact record: zorro Management, 
LLC, and a new opportunity record have been created. 
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
click here to view this record: 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083396 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229580 
EFTA01383641

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383642.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383642.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Sent: 
12/30/2016 10:00:48 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
Subject: 
FW: Butterfly trust 
Is it safe to just say it's an employee trust and the benes changed because theyre no longer on payroll and the new 
benes are? 
Kind regards, 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
345 P r A 
10154.O004 New York. NY. USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Friday, December 30, 2016 9:57 AM 
To: Cynthia Rodriguez 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: Butterfly trust 
I 
please review with stewart as i believe i provided this information to him 
thank you 
stewart • i am free after 11am to speak 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
cel
xafl
cel
On Dec 30, 2016, at 8:31 AM, Cynthia Rodriguez <
> wrote: 
Hi Rich, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083397 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229581 
EFTA01383642

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383643.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383643.pdf
----------------------------------------
Just following up on the below. Thanks! 
Kind regards, 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
<irnage00 I .png> 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bar* Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 10154-O004 New York. NY. USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
From: Cynthia Rodriguez 
Sent: Monday, December 19, 2016 5:56 PM 
To: 'Richard Kahn' 
Subject: Butterfly trust 
Hi Rich, 
Hope all is well. Our compliance group is reviewing the recent update that was made to the beneficiaries 
of the Butterfly Trust, and they have a few questions regarding the trust: 
• 
What is the purpose of this trust, as it is not cleared within the original trust agreement 
• 
Based on the supporting documents provided, where in the trust agreement does it support the 
change of beneficiaries? 
• 
Why are the beneficiaries changing? 
Please provide guidance on the above questions, and revert back at your leisure. Thank you in advance 
for your help. 
Kind regards, 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
<image001.png> 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 10154.0004 New York. NY. USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083398 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229582 
EFTA01383643

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383644.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383644.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn [richardkahn12@gmail.com] 
SeM: 
1/2012017 11:33:28 AM 
To: 
Bella Klein 
CC: 
Vahe Stepanian [vahe.stepanian@db.com]; Darren In ke 
; Donald Summer 
I; Stewart Oldficld 
Subject: 
Re: Enhanced wire [C] 
vahe please confirm ok and it will be sent today 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRIC Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
On Jan 20, 2017, at 11:04 AM, Bella Klein ‹
> wrote: 
for international wire we always use swift 
Thank you, 
Bella 
On Jan 20, 2017, at 11:01 AM, Vahe Stepanian <
5• wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Bella - Rich confirmed that we are wiring USD. With that said, we will need an ABA number to 
process - the team here believes the instructions you sent are for Euros. 
Please let us know. 
Thanks, 
Vahe 
--Original Message---
From: Bella Klein  
Sent: Friday, January 20, 
To: Vahe Ste anian 
Cc: 
; Richard Kahn; Donald Summer 
Subject: Re: Enhanced wire [C] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083400 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229584 
EFTA01383644

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383645.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383645.pdf
----------------------------------------
This is the instructions that we received, hope it will work Thank you, Bella 
ra 
On Jan 20, 2017, at 10:33 AM, Vahe Stepanian <
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Bella - please confirm these are USD instructions. Usually SWIFT instructions are for non-USD 
currencies. 
Thanks, 
Vahe 
--Original Messa e----
From: Bella Klein 
Sent: Friday, January 20, 2017 10:15 AM 
To: Vahe St anian 
Cc: 
; Richard Kahn 
Subject: Enhanced wire 
Cage, please process the attached wire 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the 
intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender 
immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or 
distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the 
intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender 
immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or 
distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083401 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229585 
EFTA01383645

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383646.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383646.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
6/9/2015 12:13:25 PM 
To: 
Adrienne Coyle 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
RE: CLOs 
Classification: For Internal use only 
What happened with the drug royalty deal from Fred's group? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deuts 
Bank 
Office 
Cell: 9 
From: Adrienne Coyle 
Sent: Tuesday, June 09, 2015 12:12 PM 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Daniel Sabba; Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: CLOs [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Perfect - thank you. 
I'll be in touch. 
Adrienne 
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: Tuesday, June 09, 2015 12:12 PM 
To: Adrienne Coyle 
Cc: Daniel Sabba; Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: CLOs [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Chris knows them both, check with Daniel sabba to see if southern financial would be interested, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
Offi 
Cell11111 
From: Adrienne Coyle 
Sent: Tuesday, June 09, 2015 12:03 PM 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: RE: CLOs [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Paul, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083402 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229586 
EFTA01383646

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383647.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
2/1/2017 1:17:17 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn I 
I; Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
Catch-up about DB Deposits [CI 
Location: 
Dial-In: (832) 408.9367; Conference Code: 24541539 
Start: 
2/1/2017 2:30:00 PM 
End: 
2/1/2017 3:00:00 PM 
Show Time As: Tentative 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
When: Wednesday, February 01, 2017 2:30 PM-3:00 PM (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada). 
Where: Dial-In: (832) 408-9367; Conference Code: 24541539 
Note: The GMT offset above does not reflect daylight saving time adjustments. 
Classification: Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083407 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229591 
EFTA01383647

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383648.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383648.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
2/6/2017 11:09:31 AM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
RE: statements 
He's the listed registered rep for all brokerage execution now 
From: Richard Kahn [meat° 
Sent: Monday, February 06, 2017 11:05 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: statements 
just reviewed statements for 1-31-2017 and noticed that client advisor is joshua shoshan 
is that correct? 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083408 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229592 
EFTA01383648

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383649.pdf
----------------------------------------
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083410 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229594 
EFTA01383649

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383650.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Vahe Stepanian 
6/1/2017 8:33:03 AM 
Richard Kahn 
Darren indyke 
Subject: 
RE:1 Epstein Foun anon CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Stewart Oldfield 
;Joshua Shoshan 
Rich — just a friendly reminder that there is a GTC order in the JE foundation account to sell 4200 PFE @ $34.60 (PFE 
closed @ $32.65 yesterday, 5/31). We will maintain the order until instructed otherwise by Darren. 
Best, 
Vahe 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Wednesday, April 05 2017 10:07 AM 
To: Vahe Stepanian 
Cc: Darren Ind e 
Su ect: Re: J Epstein Foundation [CJ 
yes 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
FIBRK Associates Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
; Stewart Oldfield 
;Joshua Shoshan 
On Apr 5, 2017, at 10:03 AM, Vahe Stepanian 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Spoke to Darren to confirm the below GTC orders. Both are currently away from their limits —
will let you know if you get executed. 
Thanks, 
Vahe 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Wednesday, April 05, 2017 9:36 AM 
To: Vahe Stepanian
Cc: Darren Indykell.....> 
Subject: J Epstein Foundation 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083411 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229595 
EFTA01383650

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383651.pdf
----------------------------------------
we need to raise cash for contributions 
can you please put two good till cancel orders in which darren will confirm 
sell 1000 Disney at 114.12 or better 
sell 4200 Pfizer at 34.60 or better 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you 
are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) 
please notify the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083412 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229596 
EFTA01383651

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383652.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383652.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Stewart Oldfield 
6/12/2017 10:02:29 AM 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
FW: KYC Remediation IIJ 
S_Oldfield.xlsx 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Looks like we have some time to deal with this. Let me know how we should tackle it 
From: Daphne Cales 
Sent: Friday, June 09, 2017 10:54 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Cynthia Rodriguez; Sheffali Welch 
Subject: KYC Remediation [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Good morning. 
Per the new global KYC policy a remediation project has been initiated to update KYCs for all clients 
identified as "High and Moderate" risk, and will eventually include "Low" risk as well. 
Attached you will find a list of your clients that are either due or coming due this year. My team will be 
assisting with the initial task of confirming that we have the basic information, including IDs, SSN, 
TINS and launching research requests on the last known parties. 
Once that is complete we will forward directly to the RCs/ROs for their review. They will need to 
reach out to the client for any missing information and confirmation that there has not been any 
material changes. It is imperative that this is done as quickly as possible. if there are any on the list 
that you have already done or would like to complete yourself due to any sensitive information please 
let me know. 
Feel free to contact me with any questions or concerns. 
Kind regards, 
Daphne Gales 
Daphne Cales 
Director I Banking Services & Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
P k 
154.0004 New York, NY, USA 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083413 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229597 
EFTA01383652

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383653.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
SI7I
 :43:11 AM 
@list.db.com 
Daily Deposit Report~ 
RM CODE 
ACCT ø 
ACCT 
06/13/17 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
JEGE, INC 
PLAN D, LLC 
JEGE, LLC 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
NES, LLC 
LS)E, LLC 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
CRW 2007 LLC 
GEW 2007 LLC 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
TOOD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
TODD R. WANEK 2015 GRAT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
THE HAZE TRUST 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
SSW 2007 LLC 
K 'F 2007 LLC 
CRW 2007 LLC 
GEW 2007 LLC 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT 
CRW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
TODD R. WANEK 2015 GRAT 
CODE 
82289 
LARGE TRANSACTI 
NAME 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
PLAN D, LLC 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
NS 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
-Munk you 
2,690,550.33 
.00 
163,692.90 
100,591.79 
963,187.55 
230,331.42 
203,055.55 
334,748.77 
181,280.86 
460,527.19 
246,979.21 
436,089.56 
601,205.25 
698,482.14 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
11,906,247.09 
339,180.29 
21,035,275.90 
11,471,508.98 
18,016,517.80 
252,744.11 
250,489.32 
250,563.38 
250,228.46 
250,228.46 
250,515.39 
254,743.98 
250,793.84 
.00 
.00 
250,000.00 
250,243.89 
250,253.14 
1,240,437.59 
250,000.00 
250,158.90 
06/13/17 
CO ~UNT 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
149,252.36 
111,646.94 
182,600.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
900,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
PREAUTHORIZED DEBI 
PREAUTHORIZED DEBI 
MONEY TRANSFER 
TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
MONEY TRANSFER 
TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083416 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229600 
EFTA01383653

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383654.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383654.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
6/18/2015 9:28:21 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein Beevacation@gmail.com) 
CC: 
Daniel Sabba 
• Ariane Dwyer 
]; Paul Morris 
Stewart Oldfield 
; Richard Kahn
Subject: 
FW: ••• PRICING DETAILS ••• LEFT BOOKRUN INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING ••• UNIVAR (NYSE: UNVR) *• • APPROVED 
FOR EXTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ••• 
Jeffrey - today you were allocated the following: 
1,000 UNVR @ $22.00 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
From: Benjamin Darsney 
Sent: Wednesday, June 17, 2015 7:47 PM 
Subject: *** PRICING DETAILS *** LEFT BOOKRUN INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING *** UNIVAR (NYSE: UNVR)*** 
APPROVED FOR EXTERNAL DISTRIBUTION m 
*** APPROVED FOR EXTERNAL DISTRIBUTION *** 
Issuer: Univar, Inc. 
Symbol: UNVR 
Deal size: 35,000,000 Shares (20m Primary / 15m Secondary) plus 15% greenshoe (100% Secondary) 
Price: $22.00 
Trade Date: 6/18 
Settlement Date: 6/23 
Exchange: NYSE 
Active Bookrunners: 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs 
BAML 
Barclays 
Credit Suisse 
JPMorgan 
Jefferies 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083418 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229602 
EFTA01383654

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383655.pdf
----------------------------------------
Morgan Stanley 
Co — Managers: 
Citi 
HSBC 
Moelis 
WF 
Lazard 
SunTrust 
William Blair 
The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this 
communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other 
documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may 
get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site, at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any 
underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling 
toll-free 1.800-503.4611 or by mail from Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 10016, or by 
email at prospectus.cpdg@db.com 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083419 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229603 
EFTA01383655

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383656.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383656.pdf
----------------------------------------
Name 
Amount 
Ticker 
Px 
Currency 
FX 
Final To B
Win Semi 
$500,000.00 3105 TT 
178.5 TWD 
30.35 
ST Micro 
$500,000.00 ST M FP 
14.61 EUR 
1.165 
AMS AG 
$500,000.00 AMS SW 
70.15 CHF 
0.9575 
Sunny Optical 
$500,000.00 2382 HK 
93.15 HKD 
7.81 
ASML 
$500,000.00 ASML 
153.75 USD 
154 
Ubisoft 
$500,000.00 UBI FP 
EUR 
1.165 
EA 
$500,000.00 EA 
116 USD 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice. and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083422 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229606 
EFTA01383656

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383657.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn [ 
Sent: 
8/7/2017 4:08: 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield [ 
Subject: 
Thursday meeting 
I was just informed that our new consultant will be unexpectedly traveling this week. I apologize for short 
notice but will have to cancel our meeting. Let's reschedule after Labor Day. Thank you. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083423 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229807 
EFTA01383657

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383658.pdf
----------------------------------------
KCP products and services am intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the FARA 
Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies. characteristics and investment risks ot and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating, the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of DeSI or its affiliates prior to 
execution. and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. Key Client Partners 
(KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and related matters discussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only and strictly on a non-
advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. The infomtation set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information and for discussion purposes only. Any reproduction andbr redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or disclosure of 
its content without our written consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of D8S1 or any 
of its affiliates. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083426 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229610 
EFTA01383658

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383659.pdf
----------------------------------------
o Jeffery Epstein began his financial career in the mid 70s as an options trader at Bear 
Stearns and became a partner in early 80s. Early thereafter, Epstein founded his own 
financial management firm, J. Epstein & Co., managing the assets of clients with more 
than a billion in net worth. In the mid 90s, Epstein changed the name of his firm to The 
Financial Trust Company and based it on the island of St. Thomas in the US Virgin 
Islands, which merged into Southern Financial LLC. His wealth has come from his days at 
Bear Stearns and his financial management firms. 
• 
List of Legal representatives 
c. Per attachment "Southern Financial Operating Agreement" (pages 16) 
• Jeffrey Epstein, Darren K. Indyke, Richard Kahn 
• 
Annual report 
c• See attachments "Southern Financial LLC Financials June 2017" and "Southern Trust 
Company Inc. Financials June 2017" for latest financial statements 
• 
Source of Wealth: 
c. As said in above paragraph about the source of funds of any UBO greater than 10%, 
Jeffery Epstein's wealth has come from his long career at Bear Stearns and his financial 
management firms. 
• 
Client Contact: 
o Richard Kahn 
• 
Formation Document: 
c. Attached LLC Documents include the Articles of Organization 
<image00 1.png> 
Xavier Avila 
Managing Director I Key Clients Partners 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bark Securities Inc 
10i54-0004 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083428 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229612 
EFTA01383659

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383660.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383660.pdf
----------------------------------------
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
<doc02556420171121184635.pdf><Southem Financial Operating Agreement.pdf><Southem 
Trust Company Inc. Financials June 2017.pdf><Southem Financial LLC Financials June 
2017.pdf›<SOFL LLC Documents.pdf> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083429 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229813 
EFTA01383660

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383661.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
4/20/2018 1:36:35 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20180420 
RM CODE 
82289 
04/19/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT K 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
35266693 NOEL VOLPE & 
104,813.97 
35269691 JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,739,393.52 
35270625 NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
35271505 ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
37992752 NOEL VOLPE & 
M 
225,183.81 
40820206 THE JOCKEY CLUB 
676,254.50 
40821970 THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
196,977.51 
42811776 THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
322,743.55 
42909431 EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
154,403.13 
42952771 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
289,515.00 
42953424 NEPTUNE, LLC 
110,609.23 
42953467 PLAN D, LLC 
D 
585,885.17 
42953475 JEGE, LLC 
D 
416,807.73 
42953707 DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
274,394.28 
42953715 HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
272,855.01 
42953758 NES, LLC 
D 
439,736.74 
42957978 JSC INTERIORS LLC 
D 
152,426.69 
42959295 LSJE, LLC 
D 
389,995.84 
42959324 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
211,044.03 
42963550 BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
507,262.21 
42966807 ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
318,214.07 
42967121 PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
398,182.14 
42967287 THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
2,503,667.84 
42967447 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
.00 
42967666 SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
D 
.00 
42967703 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
44107301 AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
261,176.99 
44129244 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
4,771,044.90 
44130552 BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
732,998.01 
44133251 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
322,844.64 
44138714 DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
M 
267,659.03 
77000949 THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
49,336,341.83 
77000957 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
2,027,102.03 
77000965 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
102,369.11 
77001001 SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
287,617.80 
77001028 KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
253,758.25 
77001079 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
5,326,276.13 
77001087 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
252,237.19 
77001175 TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,739,156.96 
77001183 SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,476,368.40 
77001220 CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
252,200.21 
77001239 GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
252,209.53 
77001247 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,126,951.15 
77004659 THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,454,619.36 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083430 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229614 
EFTA01383661

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383662.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
4/28/2018 12:50:58 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20180428 
RM CODE 
04/27/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
3,876,522.22 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,530,342.35 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
197,759.34 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
375,386.19 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
183,103.74 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
319,515.00 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
101,648.84 
PLAN D, LLC 
485,885.17 
JEGE, LLC 
346,590.13 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
252,504.30 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
261,338.98 
NES, LLC 
200,246.61 
)5C INTERIORS LLC 
146,777.34 
LSJE, LLC 
260,484.59 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
211,044.03 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
484,857.49 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
259,369.08 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
398,182.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
261,176.99 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
2,271,044.90 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
732,998.01 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
322,844.64 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC -
267,659.03 
THE HAZE TRUST 
49,336,341.83 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
2,027,102.03 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
102,369.11 
SSW 2007 LLC 
287,617.80 
KWF 2007 LLC 
253,758.25 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,326,276.13 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
252,237.19 
TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
1,739,156.96 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
1,476,368.40 
CRW 2009 LLC 
252,200.21 
GEW 2009 LLC 
252,209.53 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
1,126,951.15 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
13,454,619.36 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083431 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229615 
EFTA01383662

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383663.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Old 
Sent: 
5/2/2018 1:26:35 PM 
To: 
Nathaniel Morgan 
CC: 
Andrew King 
Subject: 
Re: SOF IV names (CI [II 
Ah. That's complicated. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Email 
William-M Finn
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On May 2, 2018, at 1:09 PM, Nathaniel Morgan 
> wrote: 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hey Stew, 
For Willett — you aren't a part of the team in DbForce (Jim Donofrio and KCP East are) so I can't submit 
an AIS request. Any guidance would be helpful. 
Gracias, 
Nate 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, May 01, 2018 6:11 PM 
To: Nathaniel Morgan < 
Cc: Andrew King < 
William-M Finn < 
Subject: RE: SOF IV names [I] [C] 
Always happy to help you help me 
From: Nathaniel Morgan 
Sent: Tuesday, May 01, 2018 6:10 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Andrew King < 
>; William-M Finn a=
l> 
Subject: RE: SOF IV names (I) [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Thanks for the time on the phone Stew. We've got all that we need and will get rolling on the AIS 
requests. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083432 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229616 
EFTA01383663

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383664.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
6/11/2018 11:31:49 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
Subject: 
JEE ATM card we use to withdraw cash 
would it work in paris to take out euros from an ATM machine? 
please advise 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HaRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York 
tel 
fax 
cel 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083434 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229618 
EFTA01383664

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383665.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vijay-A 
Sent: 
7/17/2018 3:08:30 AM 
To: 
Bradley Gitlin 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 
Importance: 
High 
Hi Brad/Stewart, 
As discussed yesterday, kindly procure COGS dtd within the last 6 months for the acct holding entity. 
I look forward to the Fincen form when available, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CM Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, NirIon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel. 
From: Bradley Gillin 
Sent: Thursday, July 12, 2018 7:00 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC CaseK01946825 Ill 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Vijay. 
I have searched far and n ide. and on the US Virgin Island entity search wcbsite. No sign of the COGS Do we really need this for 
an existing account? 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Gillin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24Th Fl 
New' 
Tel. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083435 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229819 
EFTA01383665

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383666.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fax 
Entail 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Thursday, Jul 12, 2018 8:43 AM 
To: Bradley Gillin < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 II] 
Importance: High 
Hi Brad, 
Many thanks for the below email. I have taken care of most of the rejection points now. 
Regarding the COGS query, I am looking for something like the attached. Could you advise? 
I look forward to Fincen update when available, thanks. 
Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore aon East Mumbai 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile +91 
VI 
From: Bradley Gillin 
Sent: Wednesday, Ju 11, 2018 8:07 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant < 
; Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 
Importance: High 
Classification: For internal use only 
See below Call if y ou ha% e Dui:51101LS. Thanks again. 
2) The address on the LLC Agreement does not match the address in the LLC Agreement. Please provide proof of address. 
This makes no sense - LLC agreement do not always accurately reflect address as companies move. 
Address is: 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER. 83 
ST. THOMAS 00802 
UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DB Statement is attached. CDD form in the case's attachments also reflects this. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083436 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229620 
EFTA01383666

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383667.pdf
----------------------------------------
6) Can you please locate the full e-mail chain that proves that Chip Packards approval actually refers to Epstein's jail sentence? The 
current e-mail attachment uploaded does not refer to what is actually being discussed. 
• 
Exco approval, in attachments, from Patrick Campion. further supports. 
8) Please provide SOW verification for Jeffrey Epstein. 
• 
He is a Billionaire. Jeffery Epstein is a client at DB. Personal account balance = $4mn. 
• 
Last KYC including Epstein approved cast # 1898372 - 2/13/2018 
9) Please complete SOW narrative for Caroline and provide SOW verification as well. 
• 
The source of wealth for Caroline Lang derives from her employment as Chairman of Sotheby's Switzerland. Caroline Lang 
is internationally recognized for her in-depth knowledge of the art market and her longstanding expertise in impressionist. Modem and 
Contemporary art. Appointed Chainnan of the Swiss Department of Impressionist. Modern & Contemporary Art in 2012, this 
consummate polyglot has advised some of the most important collectors in Switzerland and worldwide. In November 2011, she played 
a decisive role in the New York sale of Abstraction-Figuration, an exceptional private collection of abstract works by Gerhard Richter 
and Max Ernst which realized a world auction record for a work by Richter at the time. Caroline Lang has also conducted major 
marathon auctions in Switzerland, the UK and Germany, including the historic wrack-long sales of works of art from Monrcpos Castle 
in Ludwigsburg in 2000 and the Royal House of Hanover in 2005. Ms Lang also serves as an executive for Warner Brothers Inc..Her 
annual income is approx. 450k. 
• 
Sotheby's is one of the most prominent and well know art auction houses in the world. If she is the chairman, that should be 
verification. 
10) The SOW narrative for Jeffrey Epstein seems a bit outdated. It still refers to the Financial Trust 
Company as the SOW Company. However, based on the consent of board of directors meeting from 2013. Financial Trust Company 
merged into Southern Financial LLC with Southern Financial LLC as the surviving entity. Please updated the SOW narrative and 
provide research etc for the new entity. 
• 
Refer to Last Kit Approved case # 1898322 - 2/13/2018 
• 
Jeffrey Edward Epstein (born January• 20, 1953) is an American financier and registered sex offender in the United States. He 
worked at Bear Stearns early in his career and then formed his own firm, J. Epstein & Co. In 2008, Epstein was convicted of soliciting 
an underage girl for prostitution, for which he served 13 months in prison. He lives in the US Virgin Islands. Epstein taught calculus 
and physics at the Dalton School in Manhattan from 1973 to 1975. Among his students was a son of Alan C. Greenberg. chairman of 
Bear Steams. 
• 
In 1976, Epstein started work as an options trader at Bear Stearns where he worked in the special products division, advising 
high-net-worth clients on tax strategies. Proving successful in his financial career, in 1980 Epstein became a partner at Bear Steams. 
• 
In 1982, Epstein founded his own financial management finn, J. Epstein & Co., managing the assets of clients with more 
than SI billion in net worth. In 1987. Leslie Wexner, founder and chairman of Ohio-based The Limited chain of women's clothing 
stores. became a well-known client. Wexner acquired Abercrombie & Fitch the following year. In 1992 he converted a private school 
on the Upper East Side into an enormous residence. Epstein later bought that property, in the wealthiest part of Manhattan. In 1996, 
Epstein changed the name of his firm to the Financial Trust Company and, for tax advantages. based it on the island of St. Thomas in 
the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
• 
In 2003, Epstein bid to acquire New York magazine. Other bidders were advertising executive Donny Deutsch. investor 
Nelson Peitz, media mogul and publisher Mortimer Zuckerman who had the New York Daily News, and film producer Harvey 
Weinstein. They were ultimately outbid by Bruce Wasserstein. a longtime Wall Street investor, who paid $55 million. 
• 
In 2004, Epstein and Zuckerman committed up to S25 million to finance Radar a celebrity and pop culture magazine founded 
by Kier Roshan Epstein and Zuckerman were equal partners in the venture. Roshan, as its editor-in-chief, retained a small ownership 
stake. 
• 
Presently. Mr. Epstein founded Southern Trust Company Inc. a private consulting company that invests the assets of their 
clients and gets their revenue from the return of these investments. Southern Trust invests in different portfolios catered to their clients 
and makes their revenue based on the returns and the fees associated with managing their client's assets. 
I I) Please explain in detail what this account is being used for. What are the monthly expenses of the company? 
Deposit account related to art purchase. It couldn't be clearer in the current description: 
• 
Jeffrey and Caroline share the same affinity for art and decided to become partners investing in artwork from up and corning 
artists together. They both invest equally in the purchases of the artwork. 
13) Please provide COGS for Prytance. LLC. 
• 
Explain? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083437 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229821 
EFTA01383667

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383668.pdf
----------------------------------------
17) Please provide proof of delivery for the FinCEN form. Please ensure it was c-mailed by the same person who signed the form 
(Jeffrey Epstein). 
• 
Will revert shortly 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Fl 
New Yo 
NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, July 06, 2018 2:12 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
db.com>
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 
Hi Stewart, 
Sure, you & Brad can call me Monday or Tuesday next week. Monday, I am available till 10am your time and till 11:30am 
on Tuesday. 
Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
BI, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore aon East. Mumbai - 400063, India 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, July 06, 2018 12:14 AM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
sdb.corn>
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083438 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229822 
EFTA01383668

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383669.pdf
----------------------------------------
Let's set up a time to discuss when Brad is back next week. Some of these requests seem unreasonable, and AML should 
already have a lot of this info, particularly anything relating to Jeffrey Epstein personally (since we have so many 
accounts for him). 
As for Chip's email, it predates me. And the other people on the email are no longer at OB. So I don't see how I can get 
hold of the full email. But again, Jeffrey has been through a complete rep risk process here and has been signed off on 
repeatedly by management as we've done any KYC remediation or new account opening. 
Anyway, let's regroup next week so we can go back to AML with a comprehensive set of responses. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Wednesday, July 04, 2018 9:15 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield c 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 
Importance: High 
Hello Stewart, 
Hope you are well!! 
I have received the following list of rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 relating to customer — Prytanee, LLC. 
I need your assistance in resolving below highlighted points. 
For Point 2 — As per attached constitutional doc, they (AML) are requesting to update address mentioned on Pg 11 
(Royal Palms Professional Building address). I had updated address as per Pg 28 which is the IRS letter. Please confirm 
whether to keep this address or amend it as per Pg 11? 
For Point 6 — Could you provide the email that the AML team is seeking? I only have the attached email (2nd pdf 
attachment) from the repositories. 
For Points 8 & 9 — Kindly provide SOW info for Jeffrey & Caroline. 
For Point 10 — This will be covered on Pts 8 & 9 
For Point 11— My existing comments on the DB deposit account is "the purpose of this account is to managing the 
monthly expenses of the company" as per previous KYC. Kindly advise, please? 
For Point 13 — I am unable to procure SoS for this entity from the US Virgin Islands company registry website -
Department of Licensing and Consumer Affairs. Kindly provide this please? 
For Point 17 — Please provide the requested email. 
Rejection:1) Please add the account number for the deposit account. 
2) The address on the LLC Agreement does not match the address in the LLC Agreement. Please provide proof of 
address. 
3) Please expand on the nature of business. What do they do with the investment in art work? Re-sell it? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083439 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_Gkil_ 00229623 
EFTA01383669

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383670.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383670.pdf
----------------------------------------
4) Richard Kahn has been tagged as a signatory. However, as per the DB Resolution uploaded under KYC — 1704382, he is 
not listed as a signatory. If Darren is indeed not a signatory, please remove him from this KYC. 
5) The Pierre Trust was created under the laws of USVI. Please re-run research with that country as well. 
6) Can you please locate the full e-mail chain that proves that Chip Packards approval actually refers to Epstein's jail 
sentence? The current e-mail attachment uploaded does not refer to what is actually being discussed. 
7) Please attach the RDC Alert for Richard Kahn. 
8) Please provide SOW verification for Jeffrey Epstein. 
9) Please complete SOW narrative for Caroline and provide SOW verification as well. 
10) The SOW narrative for Jeffrey Epstein seems a bit outdated. It still refers to the Financial Trust Company as the SOW 
Company. However, based on the consent of board of directors meeting from 2013, Financial Trust Company merged 
into Southern Financial LLC with Southern Financial LLC as the surviving entity. Please updated the SOW narrative and 
provide research etc for the new entity. 
11) Please explain in detail what this account is being used for. What are the monthly expenses of the company? 
12) Please complete the 90 and one year values. The one year value is listed as $1MM, however, the account currently 
has just less than $200K. 
13) Please provide COGS for Prytanee, LLC. 
14) The account opened date in the KYC does not match the account opened date in DbForce. Please re-concile. 
15) Please add the state to Darren Indyke and Richard Kahn's address. 
16) Please add the TAX ID/Identification number for Caroline. 
17) Please provide proof of delivery for the FinCEN form. Please ensure it was e-mailed by the same person who signed 
the form (Jeffrey Epstein). 
18) Please provide google searches for the appropriate entities and individuals. Please ensure you use the most up to 
date search string that is located in the US country addendum to the KOPs. 
I am working on rest of the points in the meanwhile. Thanks in advance. 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche C18 Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
BI, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbal - 400063, India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083440 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GAt 00229624 
EFTA01383670

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383671.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383671.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
6/15/2015 4:54:30 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.coml; Richard Kahn 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
FW: managed portfolio follow-up (CI 
Attachments: Approved CIO Strategies_Taxable HFs_1Q15.pdf 
Classification: Confidential 
Interested in a conversation? thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
Office 
Cell: 
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: Tuesday, June 09, 2015 11:33 AM 
To: Jeffrey E. 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield; Richard Kahn 
Subject: managed portfolio follow-up [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Thanks for your time last week. To follow up on our discussion of initiating a managed portfolio, I've attached an 
overview of our global multi-asset portfolios that are built around our CIO views. I'm happy to get you on the phone 
with the head of our portfolio management team to discuss. These strategies are globally diversified multi asset class 
investment offerings that are constructed in our Asset and Wealth Management Group. Some key points: 
1) 
A globally diversified multi-asset class portfolio offering 
2) 
A disciplined investment process with a ten year track record of outperformance against appropriate blended 
benchmarks 
3) 
An open architecture investment manager selection process 
4) 
The ability to customize based on individual client restrictions or constraints 
We look forward to setting up a call to discuss. 
Sincerely, 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
Office: 
Cell: 
Rt2T-ilmcitr Peepyym. 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083441 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229625 
EFTA01383671

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383672.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
6/11/2018 12:15:24 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
CC: 
Bradley Gill in I 
; Rodney Macelus 
Subject: 
RE: JEE ATM card we use to withdraw cash 
I 
I 
Yes, it will work. Let us know what dates he will be there and we will make sure we notify the network 
that transactions in France are to be expected (so they don't get blocked by some fraud prevention 
software) 
Thanks 
Original Message 
From: Richard Kahn [mail to:ri 
1.com] 
Sent: Monday, June 11, 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: )EE ATM card we use to withdraw cash 
would it work in paris to take out euros from an ATM machine? 
please advise 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
It
' 
ue 4th Floor 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083442 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229626 
EFTA01383672

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383673.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383673.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bradley Gillin 
SeM: 
7/10/201811:12:19 AM 
To: 
Vijay-A Sawant 
; Stewart Oldfield I 
Subject: 
RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Caset$0194682S IC] 
Classification: Confidential 
Vijay. 
Let's chat tomorrow on this. I need to review first. 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Giffin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Fl 
New Yo 
NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, July 06, 2018 2:12 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 
Hi Stewart, 
Sure, you & Brad can call me Monday or Tuesday next week. Monday, I am available till 10am your time and till 11:30am 
on Tuesday. 
Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CM Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore aon East, Mumbai 400063, India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083443 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002291327 
EFTA01383673

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383674.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rejection:1) Please add the account number for the deposit account. 
2) The address on the LLC Agreement does not match the address in the LLC Agreement. Please provide proof of 
address. 
3) Please expand on the nature of business. What do they do with the investment in art work? Re-sell it? 
4) Richard Kahn has been tagged as a signatory. However, as per the DB Resolution uploaded under KYC — 1704382, he is 
not listed as a signatory. If Darren is indeed not a signatory, please remove him from this KYC. 
5) The Pierre Trust was created under the laws of USVI. Please re-run research with that country as well. 
6) Can you please locate the full e-mail chain that proves that Chip Packards approval actually refers to Epstein's jail 
sentence? The current e-mail attachment uploaded does not refer to what is actually being discussed. 
7) Please attach the RDC Alert for Richard Kahn. 
8) Please provide SOW verification for Jeffrey Epstein. 
9) Please complete SOW narrative for Caroline and provide SOW verification as well. 
10) The SOW narrative for Jeffrey Epstein seems a bit outdated. It still refers to the Financial Trust Company as the SOW 
Company. However, based on the consent of board of directors meeting from 2013, Financial Trust Company merged 
into Southern Financial LLC with Southern Financial LLC as the surviving entity. Please updated the SOW narrative and 
provide research etc for the new entity. 
11) Please explain in detail what this account is being used for. What are the monthly expenses of the company? 
12) Please complete the 90 and one year values. The one year value is listed as $1MM, however, the account currently 
has just less than $200K. 
13) Please provide COGS for Prytanee, LLC. 
14) The account opened date in the KYC does not match the account opened date in DbForce. Please re-concile. 
15) Please add the state to Darren Indyke and Richard Kahn's address. 
16) Please add the TAX ID/Identification number for Caroline. 
17) Please provide proof of delivery for the FinCEN form. Please ensure it was e-mailed by the same person who signed 
the form (Jeffrey Epstein). 
18) Please provide google searches for the appropriate entities and individuals. Please ensure you use the most up to 
date search string that is located in the US country addendum to the KOPs. 
I am working on rest of the points in the meanwhile. Thanks in advance. 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, Melon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083445 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229629 
EFTA01383674

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383675.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383675.pdf
----------------------------------------
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083448 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229632 
EFTA01383675

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383676.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383676.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sarah Rafferty 
Sent: Tuesday, July 1 
- 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Next Steps: nvi a ion or neze review III 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Stewart, below is the invite for the Preview for you to forward to your nominated clients listed below: 
James 
Burritt 
Ali 
Rashid 
Jamshid 
Keynejad 
Leon 
Black 
Michael 
Bloomberg 
Andrew 
Feldstein 
Rick 
Caruso 
Kelly 
Masuda 
Todd 
Meister 
Greg 
Martin 
Stan 
Gold 
Barry 
Bloom 
Ken 
Jones 
Paul 
Watson 
Robert 
Forsythe 
Todd 
Wanek 
Jeffrey 
Epstein 
Paul 
Barrett 
Ian 
Slome 
Katherine 
Montrone 
Raj 
Pundarika 
Todd 
Kristol 
Jon 
Sobel 
Heather 
Crosby 
Tom 
Danziger 
Rudy 
Sahay 
Patrick 
McGinnis 
As a reminder, compliance instructions are below. 
Compliance 
As long as you are not aware of any potential issues and the client meets the below criteria, you can enter them 
in compliance direct only if they confirm attendance. Questions or concerns should be directed to the ABC 
group. 
Criteria: 
• 
Invitees should be limited to the wealth management client (or prospect) and/or their family members 
• 
No sensitive counterparts (including public officials, regulatory agencies, etc.) 
• 
DB payment of client travel & accommodation is not permitted 
• 
Pending business at the time of invite is not permitted (i.e. specific discussions pertaining to investment type and 
amount have occurred and decision or action is pending with client, or discussion on moving assets from bank x to DB). 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083450 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229634 
EFTA01383676

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383677.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
Prospective business is ok — general relationship building. 
If they confirm, please use the following link to do this: 
baps: 
t% 
concursolutions corn/Expense/Request/default asp 
• 
The costs associated with this ticket type are: 11am Preview — $376.90 
• 
Enter in comments section - Parent ID: 226591 (enter in comments section) 
Invitation (cut and paste/forward the below): 
We hope you will be available to join us for the Preview of Frieze London. Below if the invitation which includes a 
registration link if you would like to reserve tickets. If you have any questions, please let me know. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083451 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229635 
EFTA01383677

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383678.pdf
----------------------------------------
Frieze London 
& Frieze Masters 
Arotw Ws,* an erh,biten of waren aniets horn the 
Deaseake Bank Coiiectoes cetetra,av the centenary el 
Female empowerment 
4/0-Acc--t, 
4,04, 4.,ers Pta. Jtoneil 
Cnottat 
t•r•vtar•S•Aa 
Fabrizio Campelli. Global Head 
of Deutsche Bank Wealth Management, 
is delighted to invite you to the Preview 
of Frieze London & Frieze Masters. 
Frieze London 
Frieze Masters 
At noel t0 Germ in w 
Be.tkehe BM* Wealth Mansperneet 
LObni1• 10' VIP steak.) tv Untie 
London wren g own at 11 00ank• 
Pegrstet k 
.ton us hem 1OCCWn ,r car
 bounty 
feeacme to :he Flint Mantra far 
when!; open; it 11 SIarr, ' 
For any bastions please cor,act: 
Sarah Rafferty 
ye! se.raffyrtyardtcofe 
• 3 212 aSa 
The Oasts:be Bank Ca 'ectrar .6 non one of the wares mast Maoism 
t011otios GI camsmpous woes on Page and peetogrseey. it ncludes swcW 
by 670 'erne* ankh tern ww 40 countries As we relent, the <entreaty If 
warrens trdtreRc, •crenened aria! Tracey Erne. and her moo crate a see6al 
me Nam of woks 
oy ferret attests freer re oe Man 
...ears•• 
a. woo P.• 
nWp 
• 
fry. 
La ......r•rery 
ty **M. 
a• 
• 
• • ...nay,. 
• 4 .F.4" • ••••••• 
• • • • • • f• • INkl• 
PP.'. • 
••• • • • • • • • 
/I AM Oa 1..).”1.• 
• l• • • 
1/ .1 
• II Pe • 4•• • n• • • • • • 
U.G.1•••••••••• 
••40,4 
NY- VIr.r• 
• • 
deka 
SI,1•••04 
• • *ob.:). • I • a 
l•Lt • 
4..a fr lit a l• 1.14.“...} 
• • • 
• OW 
• UM.! net -MS* IOC SOM.* 
S 
1.4 
My OrSit Taal 
I.4•• 
MOW DIFINNIROjefl1P• folaltAMa 
,ar • %AUL.. Mt, PM 
• • 
•• Si • npa 
•0% 
ar.i • 
•• 
e 
ap *.••••••• • ••••• 
• • 
• • • I 
-"-" 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083452 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229636 
EFTA01383678

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383679.pdf
----------------------------------------
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083455 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229639 
EFTA01383679

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383680.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Kavish Sharma 
on behalf of 
sigver dbgps 
Sent: 
9/15/2016 8:43:33 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
CC: 
Subject: 
Check Referral - Acct 
II) 
Attachments: 1143.pdf 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi All, 
Please respond with a pay/no pay decision for the mentioned in the attachment.
Account No 
Check No 
Amount 
Reason 
NM 
"1143" 
23309.5 Signature not on  file 
If any of the transactions are deemed fraudulent, you must immediately notify your business manager 
and report the fraud to PBFraudReporting. Please follow the steps detailed in the fraud procedures. 
https://dbpol icyportal. in I ranet.d b.co m/gpag/pdf/0901 e5be8047bb I a/filename is nu Il.pdf 
Please note that we must have a reply by 3:15 p.m (EST} today in order to meet the Federal Reserve Check Cleating 
returns guidelines. 
Kind Regards, 
Kavish Sharma 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083456 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229640 
EFTA01383680

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383681.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian [ 
Sent: 
6/7/2016 7:03:22 PM 
To: 
r I fi I 
seph Dursi a; 
Andrew King 
CC: 
Daniel Sabba 
; Brianna Fowler 
Subject: 
RE: (No Subject) [II 
Yes, I'll reply now. 
Vahe Stepanian 
Key Client Partners 
---Original Message---
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, June 07, 2016 06:52 PM Eastern Standard Time 
To: Vahe Stepanian; Joseph Dursi; Andrew King 
Cc: Daniel Sabba; Brianna Fowler 
Subject: Re: (No Subject) [1] 
Classification: For Internal Use Only 
Can you or Daniel reply to Rich so he knows we're working it? Copy in me, joe, andrew and anna. Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Tuesday, June 07, 2016 06:18 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield; Joseph Dursi; Andrew King 
Cc: Daniel Sabba; Brianna Fowler 
Subject: RE: (No Subject) [I) 
Yes, generally that's a good start. Happy to discuss further tmw morning. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083458 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229642 
EFTA01383681

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383682.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
bellaklein 
Sent: 
6/10/2016 12:08:07 PM 
To: 
Bradley Gill in I 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield [ 
Subject: 
Re: Returned Wire ICI 
; Brianna Fowler 
thank you for letting me know. I will confirm account number wth our vendor. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
On Jun 10, 2016, at 12:00 PM, Bradley Gitlin 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Bella, 
A wire in the amount of $42,455.00 was returned and credited to the Zorro Development account. The 
funds were sent via online banking. 
The receiving bank was unable to credit as the inputted account number was invalid. They deducted 
$45.00 for the return. 
Regards, 
Brad 
<image001.gif> 
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
New 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
<image002.gif> 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice. and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083461 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229645 
EFTA01383682

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383683.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Multi-Asset Investment Committee (MIC) 
develops the global house view 
Multi-Asset Investment Committee — Contributing Groups 
Germany 
Americas 
EMEA 
ex-Germany 
Asset Management 
Global Markets 
& 12 
Month 
House 
Views 
UK 
Asia 
Discussion 
Macroeconomic view 
Investment themes 
Asset class return forecasts 
High conviction ideas 
House view 
— Themes 
— Asset class returns 
— Global asset allocation 
Deutsche Asset 
S 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229648 
DB-SDNY-0083464 
EFTA01383683

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383684.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Regional Investment Committee (RIC) uses the 
global house view to develop asset allocations for 
U.S. clients 
Multi-Asset Investment Committee 
House view 
Global asset allocation 
Regional Investment Committee (RIC), 
Asset allocation for U.S. portfolios 
Selection of third party managers 
lit' 
[In 
II 
.1 ,‘,tec)fe asset alloca: or 
I
Loiti: tei' (lU.yenr 
:;ens'nit, 10 afteicax 
Changes mfrequenity CI veal) 
Irr
Tactical asset al'ocat on' 
Slicirlei 'firm (12-mniiii oulio,A) 
Sersiiive 
(Mei-13A returns 
Changes, with DJilim*, for asset 
Allocations along the Efficient Frontier? nair 
Models are tailored to 
meet investors unique 
requirements 
Risk 
Customized 
Portfolio 
We are not tax advisors, therefore please consult with your tax, legal, accounting and financial consultants before making any investment decisions. 
(1) Tactical considerations alone drive periodic rebalancing elections by the RIC. Strategic considerations are factored into long-term modeling. 
(2) The efficient frontier is graphical representation of portfolios giving the highest level of expected return at different levels of risk. 
Deutsche Asset 
V.,:.≥a 
Marlaq.?t, ., :.,' 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083465 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229649 
EFTA01383684

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383685.pdf
----------------------------------------
Proprietary asset allocation process 
Forward-looking 
Quantitative and 
qualitative 
Our process does not rely solely on historical returns. 
We utilize a forward-looking approach to asset allocation construction. 
Our approach draws on both our proprietary quantitative process and the 
experienced judgment of our Chief Investment Officer and Regional 
Investment Committee. 
Allocations are modified dynamically in response to changes in our global 
macroeconomic outlook or opportunities in the marketplace. 
We invest in alternative assets. which allow us to construct portfolios with 
the potential for higher returns at lower levels of risk. 
Asset allocation is based on each investor's unique risk/return objectives. 
Availability of alternative investments, such as hedge funds, is subject to regulatory requirements, and is available only for 'Qualified Purchasers" as defined by the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940 and "Accredited Investors." as defined in Regulation D of the 1933 Securities Act. 
Deutsche Asset 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083466 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229650 
EFTA01383685

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383686.pdf
----------------------------------------
Strategic and tactical allocations 
Proposed allocations for taxable client (where hedge funds are suitable) 
Income 
Strategic 
Tactical 
Growth & Income 
Strategic 
Tactical 
Growth 
Strategic 
Tactical 
Maximum Growth 
Strategic 
Tactical 
Equities 
49.0 
87.0% 
84.5% 
U.S. Large Cap  
15.0%  
15.0% 
  23.5% 
23.5% 
33.0% 
33.0%  
42.0%  
42.0% 
U.S. Small Cap 
2.0% 
1.5% 
2.5% 
2.0% 
3.5% 
3.0% 
4.0% 
3.0% 
EAFE 
11.5% 
11.5% 
17.0% 
17.0% 
22.5% 
22.5% 
29.0% 
29.0% 
European 
7.5% 
7.5% 
11.5% 
11.5% 
15.0% 
15.0% 
20.0% 
20.0% 
Japan 
2.5% 
2.5% 
3.0% 
3.0% 
4.5% 
4.5% 
5.5% 
5.5% 
Pacific ex-Japan 
1.5% 
1.5% 
2.5% 
2.5% 
3.0% 
3.0% 
3.5% 
3.5% 
Emerging Market  
4.0%  
3.5% 
6.0% 
5.5% 
6.0% 
7.0% 
9.5% 
8.5% 
Core Emg MMs Equity 
2.0% 
3.5% 
4.5%  
5.5% 
Emg MN Asia Equity 
1.5% 
2.0% 
2.5% 
3.0% 
Fixed Income & Cash 
5135% 
-10 
.4. C.'s:, 
0% 
Municipal Bonds 
50.5% 
50.5% 
32.0% 
32.0% 
16.0% 
16.0% 
High Yield Bonds 
2.0% 
3.0% 
2.0%
3.0% 
2.0%
3.0% 
2.5% 
4.0% 
Intl Bonds- Hedged 
Emerging Market Bonds 
2.0% 
2.5% 
2.5% 
3.0% 
2.0% 
2.5% 
2.5% 
3.5% 
TIPS 
2.0% 
2.0% 
 2.0% 
2.0% 
2.0% 
2.0% 
Cash 
2.0% 
2.5% 
20% 
25% 
20% 
3.0% 
2-0% 
3.0% 
Alternatives 
0 O 
U. n'ts 
0% 
b 5% 
Hedge Funds 
7.0% 
7.0% 
8.5% 
8.5% 
7.0% 
7.0% 
6.0% 
6.0% 
Non-directional HF 
5.0% 
5.0% 
4.5% 
4.5% 
3.0% 
3.0%  
Directional HF 
2.0% 
2.0% 
4.0% 
4.0% 
4.0% 
4.0% 
6.0% 
6.0% 
Commodities 
2.0% 
1.0% 
 2.0% 
1.0% 
2.0% 
1.0% 
2.5% 
1.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
Source. Internal notices. last asset allocation charge was May 19. 2015 and is reviewed monttuy. Allocation recommendations are subject to change with
 notice The 'strategic allocation" 
represerfis our longer term outlook on portfolio diversification and serves as a frame of reference for cur short-term tactical adjustments for U S. dents Actual portfolio composition and performance will 
vary wthin the strategic range based upon active market judgments. altering the allocation and adjusting within asset classes Neither this Allocation Table nor any of its contents may be used for any 
purpoee without the consend. artl knowledge or Deutsche Bank It may not be reproduced or circulated wasn't our 'mitten authority 
The asset allocations described herein are fomndated by the Regional Investment Commetee within Wealth ktonagernent (RIC) an4 may utilize the following asset class components. V S. large cap 
equity. U S. small cap equity. Japan equity, Europe equity. pacific ex-Japan equity, emerging markets equity. 
S fixed income. U S. high-yield bonds. International bonds. emerging market bonds.. 
mune:vat bonds. Treasury Inflation Protected Securities. he
e funds. Real Estate investmer4 Trusts. commodities. and cash. The RIC currently recognizes four basic investment strategies. Incomes. 
Growth & Income. Growth. and Minimum Growth. The strategy selected is based upon the individual investor's objectives and risk tolerance. Your selected portfolio swil determine the specific allocation 
to the asset classes iegiesented by these vehicles 
This document is for information purposes orty. Not intended to be an offer or solicitatson. Tice, products ant services above are not appropriate for everyone An interested party must make tallier own 
independent legal. tax. accounting and financial evaluation of their merits and mks. Deutsche Bank does not provide tax. legal. or acrmuntirg advice. These products and services are not insured lox 
any governmental entity and are subject to incestraerit risk inckiding possible loss of principal. Availability of these products and services may be limited by applicable law These products are not FDIC.
Insured and are not obligations of no  guaranteed by Deutsche Bank AG or its affiliates. Opinions expressed herein may diner tom those expressed by departments oother divisions Of aftliates of 
Deutsche Bank -Detfische Bank' means Deutsche Bank AG and its, affiliated companies, as the context redciies. Wealth Managernerl refers to Deutsche Banks wealth management acSities for high-
net-worth clients around the world. 
Deutsche Asset 
e, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083467 
SDNY_GM_00229651 
EFTA01383686

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383687.pdf
----------------------------------------
Implementation vehicles as of 4/20/15 
Asset class 
U.S. Large Cap Equity 
U.S. Small Cap Equity 
European Equity 
European Equity 
Japanese Equity 
Pacific ex-Japan Equity 
Emerging Markets Core Equity 
Vehicit  
MMOI 
WM U.S. Core Equity 
N/A 
ClearBridge Small Cap Growth Fund 
Invesco AIM European Growth Fund 
Deutsche X-trackers MSCI Europe Hedged Equity Fund 
DBEU 
Deutsche X-trackers MSCI Japan Hedged Equity Fund 
DBJP 
iShares MSCI Pacific ex-Japan Fund 
Parametric Emerging Market Fund 
SBPYX 
AEDYX 
EPP 
EIEMX 
Emerging Markets Asia Equity 
kwesco Asia Pacific Growth Fund 
ASNX 
Fixed Income 
Municipals Bonds 
High Yield Bonds 
Treasury Inflation Protected 
Securities 
Emerging Market Debt 
Cash 
Alternative Investments & ca 
Hedge 
WM Intermediate Fixed Income 
N/A 
BlackRock High Yield Fund 
BFIYIX 
BlackRock Inflation Protected Bond Fund 
MFS Emerging Market Debt Fund 
Deutsche Cash Management Fund 
Lighthouse Global Long/Short Fund LP (Directional) 
Prisma Spectrum Fund LP (Non-directional) 
Commodities 
Deutsche Enhanced Commodity Strategy 
BPRD( 
MEDIX 
BCSXX 
N/A 
N/A 
SKIRX 
O r
Sources: Internal sources. 
0) Implementation vehicles shown are as of 4/20/15 and are subject to change based on the discretion of the Regional Investment Committee, taking into account criteria 
discussed herein. The implementation vehicles are representative of the underlying investment vehicles of CIO Strategies, are intended to fulfill the asset allocation and are not 
being offered for direct purchase. The appropriate implementation vehicle for the cash allocation will be chosen based on the client's tax status. 
Deutsche Asset 
;."nth Manaoen 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083468 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229652 
EFTA01383687

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383688.pdf
----------------------------------------
CIO Strategies performance 
A strong track record 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083469 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229653 
EFTA01383688

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383689.pdf
----------------------------------------
Income Strategy returns 
Performance' for taxable client ending 3/31/15 
• CIO Strategies w/ U.S. Core Equity as U.S. Large Cap Vehicle 
• Blended Benchmark 
1Q15 
Year 
Year 
Year 
0/0 Annualized Performance Gross of Fees 
Year 
1/1/05-3/31/15 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
2010 
2009 
2008 
2007 
2006 
2005 
CIO Strategies - Income 
4.03% 
8.51% 
9.66% 
1.19% 
8.59% 
19.02% 
-16.61% 
8.90% 
9.12% 
6.12% 
7.68% 
8.60% 
0.97% 
7.83% 
17.77% 
-17.06% 
7.25% 
8.21% 
4.42% 
0> Chad reflects model returns, not actual client returns. 
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The returns shown in this document do not reflect Deutsche Bank management fees. The strategies above are for taxable 
clients where hedge funds are suitable. The CIO Strategy model portfolios commenced on 1/1/05. Please note that returns for the CIO strategy reflect the Core Equity composite 
as the U.S. large cap implementation vehicle. Please refer to the Important Notes on the next page for detailed information regarding performance and to the Additional 
Information page at the end of this document for descriptions of the blended benchmarks. Detailed information regarding the WM-Americas Core Equity composite can be found 
in the WM —Americas Core Equity pitchbook which can be provided upon request. 
Deutsche Asset 
°Wer3ith Manaoeivc:!, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083470 
SDNY_GM_00229654 
EFTA01383689

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383690.pdf
----------------------------------------
Growth & Income Strategy returns 
Performance I for taxable client ending 3/31/15 
• CIO Strategies w/ U.S. Core Equity as U.S. Large Cap Vehicle 
Blended Benchmark 
2.95 
1.59 
6.94 
3.36 
7.90 
6.61 
7.76 
6.59 
6.65 
5.36 
1Q15 
Year 
Year 
Year 
% Annualized Performance Gross of Fees 
Year 
6.41 
1/1/05-3/31/15 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
2010 
2009 
2008 
2007 
2006 
2005 
CIO Strategies - Growth and Income 
4.37% 
12.79% 
12.03% 
-1.03% 
11.33% 
23/8% -23.04% 
10.92% 
11.78% 
7.03% 
Blended Benchmark 
3.01% 
11.60% 
10.86% 
-0.89% 
9.84% 
21.71% 
-23.96% 
7.97% 
11.92% 
5.67% 
0> Chad reflects model returns, not actual client returns. 
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The returns shown in this document do not reflect Deutsche Bank management fees. The strategies above are for taxable 
clients where hedge funds are suitable. The CIO Strategy model portfolios commenced on 1/1/05. Please note that returns for the CIO strategy reflect the Core Equity composite 
as the U.S. large cap implementation vehicle. Please refer to the Important Notes on the next page for detailed information regarding performance and to the Additional 
Information page at the end of this document for descriptions of the blended benchmarks. Detailed information regarding the WM-Americas Core Equity composite can be found 
in the WM —Americas Core Equity pitchbook which can be provided upon request. 
Deutsche Asset 
°Wer3ith Manaoeivc:!, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083471 
SDNY_GM_00229655 
EFTA01383690

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383691.pdf
----------------------------------------
Growth Strategy returns 
Performance' for taxable client ending 3/31/15 
CIO Strategies w/ U.S. Core Equity as U.S. Large Cap Vehicle 
® Blended Benchmark 
- 
- 
3.51 
1.93 
1Q15 
C [0 Strategies .. Growth 
Blended Benchmark 
9.78 
8.30 
8.42 
4.15 
Year 
9.27 
7.98 
Year 
Year 
°A Annualized Performance Gross of Fees 
7.35 
5.88 
Year 
7.07 
2014 
2013 
2012 
 2011 
 2010  
2009  
2008 
2007 
4.84% 
17.64% 
14.43-;•:.. 
-2.94% 
13.79% 
29.09% 
30.42% 12.52% 
3.40% 
16.25% 
13.25% 
-2.57% 
11.89% 
25.85% -31.31% 
8.02% 
5.57 
1/1/05-3/31/15 
2006 
2005 
14.39% 
15.39% 
6.91% 
(')Chart reflects model returns, not actual client returns. 
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The returns shown in this document do not reflect Deutsche Bank management fees. The strategies above are for taxable 
clients where hedge funds are suitable. The CIO Strategy model portfolios commenced on 1/1/05. Please note that returns for the CIO strategy reflect the Core Equity composite 
as the U.S. large cap implementation vehicle. Please refer to the Important Notes on the next page for detailed information regarding performance and to the Additional 
Information page at the end of this document for descriptions of the blended benchmarks. Detailed information regarding the WM-Americas Core Equity composite can be found 
in the WM —Americas Core Equity pitchbook which can be provided upon request. 
Deutsche Asset 
°Wer3ith Manaoeivc:!, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083472 
SDNY_GM_00229656 
EFTA01383691

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383692.pdf
----------------------------------------
Maximum Growth Strategy returns 
Performance I for taxable client ending 3/31/15 
CIO Strategies w/ U.S. Core Equity as U.S. Large Cap Vehicle 
IF Blended Benchmark 
74 
4.02 
IIIII 
2.12 
4.14 
11.46 
9.91 
10.56 
9.03 
8.08 
6.22 
1Q15 
Year 
Year 
Year 
% Annualized Performance Gross of Fees 
Year 
7.75 
1/1/05-3/31/15 
2014 
2.013 
2012 
2011 
2010 
2009 
2008 
2007 
2006 
2005 
Strategies - Max€mum Growth 
5.37% 
22.27% 
16.16% 
-4.85% 
15.89% 
34.76% 
-35.93% 
13.97';1, 
16.66% 
8.78% 
Blended Benchmark 
3.16% 
20.96% 
15.68% 
-4.79% 
13.68% 
30.30% -37.77% 
8.14% 
18.86% 
7.94% 
(1)Chart reflects model returns, not actual client returns. 
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The returns shown in this document do not reflect Deutsche Bank management fees. The strategies above are for taxable 
clients where hedge funds are suitable. The CIO Strategy model portfolios commenced on 1/1/05. Please note that returns for the CIO strategy reflect the Core Equity composite 
as the U.S. large cap implementation vehicle. Please refer to the Important Notes on the next page for detailed information regarding performance and to the Additional 
Information page at the end of this document for descriptions of the blended benchmarks. Detailed information regarding the WM-Americas Core Equity composite can be found 
in the WM —Americas Core Equity pitchbook which can be provided upon request. 
Deutsche Asset 
Mana9enc: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083473 
SDNY_GM_00229657 
EFTA01383692

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383693.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important notes 
The asset allocations described herein are formulated by the Regional Investment Committee within Wealth Management (RIC) and may utilize the following asset class components: U.S. large cap 
equity. U.S. small cap equity, Japan equity, Europe equity. Pacific ex-Japan equity. emerging markets eqUity. U.S. fixed income, U.S. high-yield bonds. international bonds, emerging market bonds, 
municipal bonds. Treasury Inflation Protected Securities, hedge funds. Real Estate Investment Trusts, commodities. and cash. RIC currently recognizes four basic investment strategies: Income. 
Growth & Income. Growth, and Maximum Growth. The strategy selected is based upon the individual investor's objectives and risk tolerance. Your selected portfolio will determine the specific 
allocation to the asset classes represented by the vehicles described herein. Please note returns for the large cap equity portion are represented by the Quality Growth Composite. Implementation 
vehicles and asset allocations are determined by the WM Regional Investment Committee (RIC) and are change subject at their discretion. 
Results presented herein do not represent the results of actual trading using client assets. The returns shown in this document are model returns and do not reflect Deutsche Bank management fees 
or other expenses that may be incurred in the actual management of an account. If such fees and expenses were deducted, the results would be lower. Please be advised of the limitations inherent 
in using model results. Accounts managed according to the Model may perform differently over the same time period depending on the size of the account. restrictions, the amount of the transaction 
and related costs, the inception date of the account and other factors. Actual clients may experience returns that are more or less than those of the Model. These model returns do not reflect the 
impact that material economic factors may have had on our decision-making. Model returns are not indicative of future results: there is always the potential for loss as well as for profit. These returns 
should not be considered indicative of the skill of the advisor. 
The CIO Strategy model portfolios commenced on 111/05. The model returns reflected herein were achieved by calculating monthly weighted-average returns using actual tactical allocations and 
vehicles beginning 1/01/05. The model returns presented are used to portray what the CIO Strategies performance would have been during the period if client assets had been invested in these CIO 
Strategies securities recommendations. Deutsche Bank will continue to employ tactical strategy allocation and rebalancing techniques and therefore the portfolio allocation will change dynamically as 
market conditions warrant. Please refer to the CIO Strategies marketing information for a description of the methodology used to select investments. 
The standard fee schedule generally applied to accounts invested in this strategy is as follows: 1.20% on the first $2 million: 0.65% on the next $3 million: 0.60% on the next $5 million: and 0.45% on 
the balance. Actual investment advisory fees incurred by clients may vary. 
Blended benchmarks are comprised of indices representing the broad asset classes utilized by the Regional Investment Committee. Blended benchmark returns are calculated and rebalanced 
monthly. A current list of the allocation weights and components in the blended benchmark can be found below. A complete list of historical allocation weights and components is available upon 
request. 
Gate. Oars 
et-ittelier 
Getch 
more 
AR-coats 
330% 
Maximum &with 
.Alccaion 
U.S. Large Cap Equity 
S&P 500 Index 
150% 
235% 
420% 
U S Sinai Cap Equal/ 
European Equity 
Russel 2000  Index 
MSCI Europe Index (net of iatholdng taxes) 
20% 
75% 
2.5% 
115% 
35%
t5.0% 
4.0% 
20.0% 
Japan Equity 
MSCI Japan Index (net of viithficilding taxes) 
25% 
3.0% 
4.5% 
5.5% 
Pasiric ex•Japan Equity 
MSCI Pacific Free ex-Japan Index (net of wedihddng taxes) 
1.5% 
2.5% 
3.0% 
3.5% 
Emeiging Maker Equity 
lituni*al Bonds 
MSCI Emerging  Markets Index (net or lietticking taxes)
Batdays Munktel Shodentermedate Inner 
4.0%
50.5% 
  6.0%
320% 
80% 
16.0% 
95% 
U.S. HO Yield Bonds 
Menill LsicNB0A High Yield Master linden 
20% 
2.0% 
20% 
2.5% 
Interne:tonal Bonds 
Citigroup tithedged NcreU.S. Wald Gost Band Inds 
Treasury NSW Protected Securiies 
Back* U.S. 11PS Index 
2.0% 
200% 
2.00% 
Emitting Make* Net 
JPMagen GBI Ewing Markets Index • Unsuited 
20% 
2.5% 
2.00% 
2.5% 
Hedge Finds 
If R1 Fund of Funds Index 
7.0% 
8.5% 
7.0% 
6.0% 
Comma :Sias 
COD Mended Commode* Index 
200% 
200% 
2.00% 
2.50% 
Cash 
ikeeyNet Maley Funds (Al) Tier-Free Average 
2.00% 
200% 
2.00% 
2.00% 
Deutsche Asset 
ith Manage men: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083474 
SDNY GM_00229858 
EFTA01383693

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383694.pdf
----------------------------------------
Investment Management Fee Schedule 
Fees are based on the assets under management appraised every month. Fees 
ordinarily are billed monthly in arrears, and are computed at one-twelfth the annual fee 
rates detailed below: 
Balanced and Equity Accounts (including custody) 
First $2 million 
1.20% 
Next $3 million 
0.85% 
Next $5 million 
0.60% 
Balance 
0.45% 
Minimum Fee per Relationship 
$24,000 
Account Minimum 
$2 million 
This fee schedule may be amended from time to time upon prior written notice to the Client. 
Asset 
& Wealth Management 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083475 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229659 
EFTA01383694

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383695.pdf
----------------------------------------
Biographies 
Larry V. Adam 
Chief Investment Officer, Wealth Management —Americas 
Larry Adam is a Managing Director and serves the dual role of Chief Investment Officer and Chief 
Investment Strategist for the Wealth Management division of Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management in 
the Americas. In his role as CIO, he chairs the Americas Regional Investment Committee, the 
management team responsible for investment strategy and asset allocation for discretionary portfolios in 
the Americas, and is a voting member on the Multi-Asset Investment Committee, which formalizes and 
establishes the global house view. As Chief Investment Strategist, Mr. Adam is responsible for 
articulating and providing detailed research for the house view in regards to the outlook for the economy 
and each major asset class. 
Previously, he was the Head of the Asset Allocation and Quantitative Analysis Group, the group 
responsible for analyzing and implementing client-specific asset allocation strategies. He is widely 
published and has been quoted in various mainstream and financial publications, including The Wall 
Street Journal, Barron's and International Herald Tribune. He also frequently appears on television and 
has been featured on CNBC and Bloomberg TV. Mr. Adam joined Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown in 1992. 
Mr. Adam received a B.B.A. and a master's degree in business with a concentration in finance from 
Loyola University Maryland. He has earned the Chartered Financial Analyst®, the Certified Investment 
Management Analyst® and the Certified Financial Plannern" designations. 
He can be reached at 
or emailed at 
Deutsche Asset 
W.≥alth 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083476 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229660 
EFTA01383695

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383696.pdf
----------------------------------------
Biographies 
Owen Fitzpatrick, CFA° 
Managing Director, Head of U.S. Equity 
Owen Fitzpatrick is a Managing Director and Head of U.S. Equity at Deutsche Asset & 
Wealth Management in New York. He is also a member of the Asset Management CIO 
Executive Committee. 
Mr. Fitzpatrick has more than 25 years of experience in trust and investment 
management. Prior to his current role, he served as Head of the U.S. Large Cap Growth 
Equity Team and was a member of the Global and U.S. Investment Committees for the 
Asset Management division. Before joining Deutsche Bank in 1995, Mr. Fitzpatrick 
managed an equity income fund, trust and advisory relationships for Princeton Bank & 
Trust Company, where he was also responsible for research coverage of the consumer 
cyclical sector. He previously served as a Portfolio Manager at Manufacturer's Hanover 
Trust Company. 
Mr. Fitzpatrick earned his B.A. and his M.B.A in finance from Fordham University. He has 
earned the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation and is a member of the Association 
for Investment Management and Research. 
He can be reached at 
or emailed at 
Deutsche Asset 
Marlaq.?7,!,! 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083477 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229661 
EFTA01383696

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383697.pdf
----------------------------------------
Biographies 
Derek Javarone 
Assistant Vice President, Portfolio Analyst 
Derek Javarone is an Assistant Vice President and Portfolio Analyst in Deutsche Asset & 
Wealth Management's New York office. In this capacity, Mr. Javarone supports the 
investment management and day-to-day maintenance for ultra-high-net-worth individuals, 
trusts and foundations. He has eight years of experience in the financial services industry. 
Mr. Javarone earned a A.B. in sociology from Princeton University. 
He can be reached at 
Deutsche Asset 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083481 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229665 
EFTA01383697

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383698.pdf
----------------------------------------
Additional information 
The following is a current list and description of the indices used in the blended benchmarks for the Composite and Model returns shown on the preceding pages. The 
indices are used for comparative purposes only and are not intended to parallel the risk or investment style of the investment vehicles. 
The s. 
is an unmanaged index containing 500 U.S. industrial, transportation, utility and financial companies. The S&P 500 Index is capitalization-
weighted calculated on a total return basis with dividends reinvested. 
The .: .. • 
. 
• is a capitalization-weighted index and is rebalanced by the Frank Russell Company every June 30 to reflect changes in the marketplace. 
The .' •: 
' is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure developed market equity performance in Europe. As of May 
2005. the MSCI Europe Index consisted of the following 16 developed market country indices: Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany. Greece. 
Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. 
The 
markets. 
.• is a market capitalization-weighted index, adjusted for free float. The Index is designed to reflect the sectoral diversity of the Japanese equity 
The . : • . 
• 
. 
• 
• 
is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure equity market performance in the Pacific region. 
The index consists of the following 4 Developed Market countries: Australia, Hong Kong, New Zealand, and Singapore. 
The 
is a market capitalization-weighted index composed of companies representative of the market structure of emerging market countries in Europe. 
Latin America, and the Pacific Basin. 
The 
• 
• 
: 
„ 
is a market-value-weighted index engineered for the short to intermediate part of the yield curve. Eligible bonds 
include General Obligations and Revenue bonds issued with maturities between one and 10 years. The Index is fairly evenly distributed along the first 10 years. In 
order to be included in the index, bonds must have a minimum credit rating of Baa. They must have an outstanding par value of at least $5 million and be issued as 
part of a transaction of at least $50 million. 
The . 
' 
• . - 
.. 
• 
. is a 50/50 blend of the Barclays 5-Year Municipal G.O. Index and the Municipal Market Data 5-Year AM. The 
Barclays 5-Year Municipal G.O. Index is a rules-based, market-value-weighted index engineered for the 5-Year G.O. tax-exempt bond market. In order to be included 
in the index, bonds must be General Obligation bonds and must have a maturity of 4-6 years, minimum credit rating of Baa. 
They must have an outstanding par value of at least 35 million and be issued as part of a transaction of at least $50 million. The bonds must have a dated-date after 
December 31,1990 and must be at least one year from their maturity date. Remarketed issues, taxable municipal bonds, bonds with floating rates and derivatives are 
excluded from the benchmark. The Municipal Market Data 5-Year AAA curve is the mean of 5-Year AM State G.O. bonds. When the supply in these credits narrows. 
MMD often relates to comparable AM-rated G.O. bonds trading in the secondary or primary markets. 
The • • 
. . 
• 
. 
• 
• is the Intermediate component of the U.S. Government/Credit Index and includes securities in the Government and Credit 
indices. The Government Index includes treasuries (i.e. public obligations of the U.S. Treasury that have remaining maturities of more than one year) and agencies 
(i.e. publicly issued debt of U.S. Government agencies, quasi-federal corporations, and corporate or foreign debt guaranteed by the U.S. Government). The Credit 
Index includes publicly issued U.S. corporate and foreign debt guaranteed by notes that meet specified maturity, liquidity, and quality requirements. 
The .• 
. 
. 
tracks the performance of below investment-grade US dollar-denominated corporate bonds publicly issued in the US 
domestic market. "Yankee" bonds (debt of foreign issuers issued in the US domestic market) are included in the Index provided the issuer is domiciled in a country 
having an investment-grade foreign currency long-term debt rating (based on a composite of Moody's and S&P). 144a issues are included in the Index. Qualifying 
bonds must have at least 1 year remaining term to maturity, a fixed coupon schedule and a minimum amount outstanding of USD 100 million. Bonds must be rated 
below investment-grade based on a composite of Moodys and S&P. Defaulted bonds are excluded. The Index is rebalanced on the last calendar day of the month. 
Issues that meet the qualifying criteria are included in the Index for the following month. Issues that no longer meet the criteria during the course of the month remain 
in the Index until the next month-end rebalancing at which point they are dropped from the Index. 
Deutsche Asset 
j?, i,en th Manaoeir; 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083482 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229666 
EFTA01383698

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383699.pdf
----------------------------------------
Additional information 
The JP Morgan 081 Emerging Markets ITIC 
tracks local currency bonds issued by emerging market governments. 
The 
.•' 
.• 
The HFRI Monthly Indices (HFRI) are equally weightedperformance indexes utilized by numerous hedge fund 
managers as a benchmark for their own hedge funds. The HFRI are broken down into 37 different categories by strategy, including the HFRI Fund 
Weighted Composite, which accounts for over 1600 funds listed on the internal HFR Database. 
The . 
consists of all real estate investment trusts in both developed and emerging markets. 
The 
Cl Diversified Commodities 
represents 14 commodities drawn from the energy, precious metals, industrial metals and agriculture 
sectors. 
The 
'. • ' • 
• 
is presented net of fees and is used for comparative purposes only and is not intended to 
parallel the risk or investment style of the accounts included in the composite. The iMoneyNet Money Funds (All) Tax-Free Average includes all tax-
tree and municipal retail and institutional money funds. It consists of funds in the National-Tax-Free Retail, National Tax-Free Institutional, State-
Specific Retail, and State-Specific Institutional Categories. 
Emerging markets may be in transitional or formative stages and thus may be significantly less stable than developed markets. 
Changes in emerging markets gpvernment structures or other political instability may result in nationalization, expropriation, ad hoc regulation, or 
foreign investmenl restrictions. Emerging market investments are at risk for currency devaluation, as well as convertibility, liquidity and transparency 
constraints. The high volatility and speculative nature of emerging market investments may result in both significant losses or profits. 
The values of the fixed income instruments presented will fluctuate and may lose value, as bond values decline as interest rates rise. 
Certain bonds and fixed income instruments presented may be callable. If called, the investor will experience a shorter maturity than anticipated. 
Bonds referenced herein, are exposed to credit risk, or the ask that the bond will be downgraded, and inflation risk, or the risk that the rate of the 
bond's yield will not provide a p0sitive return over the rate of inflation. 
Information contained herein is presented to provide clients with a sample listing of the Fixed Income Group inventories and other fixed income 
securities. The investments are subject to availability, _and the prices may not represent current market yields and prices. Detailed information on 
each instrument presented is available upon request. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, some of which might require a prospectus. 
Before entering into any transaction you should take steps to ensure that ypu understand and have assessed with your financial advisor, or made an 
independent aSsessment of, the appropriateness of the transaction in the light of your own objectives and circumstances, including the possible risks 
and benefits of entering into such a transaction. 
Clients are advised to refer to FINRA's online learning center Smart Bond Investing, which provides a wealth of information about bonds and bond 
investing, and is available at via the website http://apps.finra.org/investor Information/smart/bonds/000100.asp. 
Tax Free Municipal bonds are subject to changes in price call and availability. Under present law, these bonds provide exemption from federal tax 
and depending on your state of residence may be exempt from state and local tax. Income may be subject to the Alternative Minimum Tax. There are 
additional risks associated with International investing. 
Deutsche Asset 
weith Manaf)eir; 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083483 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229667 
EFTA01383699

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383700.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important information 
— Changing market conditions can create fluctuations in the value of a mutual fund investment. When redeemed, a mutual fund may be worth more or 
less than its original cost . In addition, mutual funds are not insured nor guaranteed by an agency of the U.S. government. Mutual funds offer diversification which 
can help to reduce risk of loss from holding a single security, but diversification does not protect an investor from an overall decline in the market. While a money 
market fund seeks a stable share price, its yield fluctuates. Bond funds, unlike purchasing a bond directly, will not re-pay the principle at a set point in time . If the 
fund is purchased in a taxable account, taxes may have to be paid on capital gains. Investors should seek to obtain and read carefully the prospectus offered for 
each mutual fund considered for investment. There are fees and expenses associated with investing in mutual funds that do not usually occur when purchasing 
individual securities directly. An investor should consider the objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the fund carefully before investing. The efficiencies of 
fund ownership may be offset by a combination of sales commissions, 12b-1 fees, redemption fees, and operating expenses. A detailed prospectus which contains 
important information, including the fund's investment objectives, risks, fees and expenses, will be forwarded when funds were initially invested into the Fund. 
Prospective clients may also contact their Client Advisor for a prospectus. 
Deutsche Bank may have certain conflicts of interest in recommending investments in certain funds, including the fact that we may receive 12b-1 fees and other 
compensation from the funds and their investment advisers and that funds may execute transactions through Deutsche Bank. 
—An investment in a money market fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government 
agency. Although these funds seek to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the Fund. The credit 
quality of the fund's holdings can change rapidly in certain markets, and the default of a single holding could have an adverse impact on the fund's share price. The 
fund's share price can also be negatively affected during periods of high redemption pressures and/or illiquid markets. The actions of a few large investors in one 
class of shares of the fund may have a significant adverse effect on the share prices of all classes of shares of the fund. 
— The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market fund income, or dividends or other securities shown on your statement may have 
been reinvested into additional shares. You will not receive confirmation of these reinvestment transactions. However, information pertaining to these transactions 
which would otherwise appear on confirmations, including the time of execution and the name of the person from whom your security was purchased, will be 
furnished to you upon written request to your Relationship Coordinator. 
— Small Cap funds and International funds contain additional risks, as they often invest assets in small and / or start-up 
companies. Such investments increase the risk of greater price fluctuations and loss. Investments in International mutual funds may also contain investments which 
are potentially exposed to economic or financial instability, specific to each country or currency risks, or if hedged, the cost incurred due to the hedging of currency 
risks. Additionally, lack of timely or reliable financial information or unfavorable political or legal developments may substantially and permanently alter the 
conditions, terms, marketability, or price of the underlying investments by the fund. 
An investment in hedge funds is speculative and involves a high degree of risk, and is suitable only for "Qualified Purchasers" as defined by the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and "Accredited Investors" as defined by Regulation D of the 1933 Securities Ac, as amended. No assurance can 
be given that a hedge fund's investment objectives will be achieved, or that investors will receive a return of all or part of their investment. Investments in hedge 
funds are suitable only for persons who can afford to lose their entire investments. Before investing, prospective investors should carefully consider these risks and 
others, such as lack of transparency, higher fees, illiquidity, and lack of registration. Values for Hedge funds are estimates until final values are provided by the fund 
administrator. Hedge Fund market value and performance represents the most up to date estimate provided by the fund administrator which differs from the 
Deutsche Bank statements that represent values at a one month lag. 
Deutsche Asset 
Manaf)eir; 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083484 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229668 
EFTA01383700

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383701.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important information 
— Bond funds may lose value, as the principal is not guaranteed and the fund's net asset value will fluctuate, as bond prices fluctuate and individual bonds will be bought 
and sold by the Investment Advisor, resulting in gains or losses. Generally, when interest rates go up, bond prices decline, which will negatively impact the fund's share price. Bond 
funds are also exposed to credit risk, or the risk that the fund's individual bonds will be downgraded, and inflation risk, or the risk that the rate of the bonds' yield will not provide a 
positive return over the rate of inflation. 
• 
• 
• 
— The value of an Exchange Traded Product is derived from other investment instruments such as a commodity, currency, share price or interest rate. 
Generally, exchange traded products are benchmarked to stocks, commodities, indices or they can be actively managed funds. Exchange traded products include exchange traded 
funds (ETFs), exchange traded vehicles (ETVs),and exchange traded notes (ETNs). An Exchange Traded Product does not provide investors with entitlements to the underlying 
security. ETPs are subject to market risk and will fluctuate in value based on movements in the underlying securities. Investors should realize that redemption values of ETPs are 
based upon the market value at the time of order and not at the net asset value as is the case for mutual funds. Investments in ETPs are subject to management fees. 
. 
'
' . ' 
. . • 
— Investing in high yield bonds, which tend to be more volatile than investment grade fixed income securities, is speculative. These bonds are 
affected by interest rate changes and the creditworthiness of the issuers, and investing in high yield bonds poses additional credit risk, as well as greater risk of default. 
0.- 
• 
— Such investments may be or become nonperforming after acquisition for a wide variety of reasons. Nonperforming real estate investments may require 
substantial workout negotiations and / or restructuring. Environmental liabilities may pose a risk such that the owner or operator of real property may become liable for the costs of 
removal or remediation of certain hazardous substances released on, about, under or in its property. Additionally, to the extent real estate investments are made in foreign countries, 
such countries may prove to be politically or economically unstable. Finally, exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates may affect the value of a real estate investment. 
— The risk of loss in trading commodities can be substantial. The price of commodities (e.g.. raw industrial materials such as gold, copper and aluminum) may be 
subject to substantial fluctuations over short periods of time and may be affected by unpredicted international monetary and political policies. Valuations of commodities may be 
susceptible to such adverse global economic, political or regulatory developments. Prospective investors must independently assess the appropriateness of an investment in 
commodities in light of their own financial condition and objectives. 
• 
Ownership in an exchange traded fund does not provide investors with entitlements to the underlying security. Rather investors own a 'creation unit" in a 
portfolio of stocks, bonds, or other securities. ETFs are subject to market risk and will fluctuate in value based on movements in the underlying security. Investors should realize 
that redemption values of ETFs are based upon the market value at the time of order and not at the net asset value as is the case for mutual funds. Investments in ETFs are subject 
to commission charges and management fees. Deutsche Bank may have certain conflicts of interest in recommending investments in certain funds, including the fact that we may 
receive 12b-1 fees and other compensation from the funds and their investment advisors and that funds may execute transactions through Deutsche Bank. Carefully consider a 
Fund's investment objectives, risk factors and charges and expenses before investing. This and other information can be found in the Fund's prospectus, which may be obtained by 
calling 1.855-DBX-ETFS (1.855.329-3837), or by viewing or downloading a prospectus. Read the prospectus carefully before investing. 
The . 
. 
• 
• .O. 
. 
is a market capitalization-weighted index consisting of the government bond markets of certain countries. 
Country eligibility is determined based on market capitalization and investability criteria. All issues have a remaining maturity of at least one year. Rebalanced monthly. 
The 
. 
consists of securities issued by the U.S. government which are protected from Inflation. Each security must be investment-grade and have a par of at 
least $200,000,000 as well as have at least one year left until maturity. 
Deutsche Asset 
Manaoenc: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083485 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229669 
EFTA01383701

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383702.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important information 
This document is for information purposes only and is not intended to be an offer or solicitation, or the basis for any contract to purchase or sell any security, or 
other instrument, or for Deutsche Bank to enter into or arrange any type of transaction as a consequence of any information contained herein. The material is 
based upon information which we consider reliable, but we do not represent that such information is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied upon as 
such. This information is current and is subject to change. The products and services described in this document are not appropriate for everyone, so an 
interested party must make his or her own independent legal, tax, accounting and financial evaluation of their merits and risks. Opinions expressed herein may 
differ from the opinions expressed by departments or other divisions or affiliates of Deutsche Bank. 
The investment ideas presented herein are subject to investment risk, including possible loss of principal. The past performance of securities or other instruments 
does not necessarily indicate or predict future performance and the value of investments and income arising there from can decrease as well as increase, the 
investor may get back less than was invested and no assurance can be given that any investment described herein would yield favorable investment results. 
Unless you are notified to the contrary, these strategies are not insured by the FDIC (or by any governmental entity) and are not guaranteed by, or obligations of, 
Deutsche Bank. 
Deutsche Bank AG, including its subsidiaries and affiliates, does not provide legal, tax or accounting advice. This communication was prepared solely in 
connection with the promotion or marketing, to the extent permitted by applicable law, of the transaction or matter addressed herein, and was not intended or 
written to be used, and cannot be relied upon, by any taxpayer for the purposes of avoiding any U.S. federal tax penalties. The recipient of this communication 
should seek advice from an independent tax advisor regarding any tax matters addressed herein based on its particular circumstances. 
All trademarks and service marks on this statement belong to Deutsche Bank AG or its affiliates, except third-party trademarks or service marks, which are the 
property of their respective owners. 
'Deutsche Bank" means Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies. Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management represents the asset management and wealth 
management activities conducted by Deutsche Bank AG or its subsidiaries. Clients are provided Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management products or services by 
one or more legal entities that are identified to clients pursuant to the contracts, agreements, offering materials or other documentation relevant to such products 
or services. Banking and lending services are offered through Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, member FDIC, and other members of the 
Deutsche Bank Group. 015936T 050615 
SPG reviewed and approved 
Deutsche Asset 
Manaoeir; 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083486 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229670 
EFTA01383702

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383703.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Ziggy, 
Andrew King 
6/15/2016 3:59:06 PM 
Andrew King 
Zbynek Kozelsky 
Joseph Dursi 
; Gina Fay 
RE: Approval Needed - List of Preferreds 
DB- List of Preferred Equities - June 2016.xlsx 
We've update the list of preferreds to get today's data for: 
-Average Daily Volume 
-Dividend 
-Ask 
-Yield 
-Yield-to-Call 
Please let us know if you need anything else to complete the approval. 
From: Andrew King 
Sent: Wednesday, June 15, 2016 10:35 AM 
To: Zbynek Kozelsky 
Cc: Joseph Dursi; Gina Fay; Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Approval Needed - List of Preferreds 
Ziggy, 
Stewart Oldfield [ 
The list was created by STG and provided by Delores Rubin. It is a list of commonly traded preferred for which they 
maintain updated information. Gina Fay (copied) from our Fixed Income desk generates the Preferreds list on request 
generally for another client of STG. 
The client did not supply us with a filter, and no process was used to filter the list provided by STG. ISG added the 
preferred equity CUSIPS, the average daily volume, the Bloomberg consensus rating for the issuers' common equity, and 
the DB rating for the issuers' common equity columns. Bloomberg was the source of the non DB information. 
The list is for informational purposes only, and is not a "recommended" list. 
Please let me know if you need anything else. 
From: Zbynek Kozelsky 
Sent: Wednesday, June 15, 2016 9:41 AM 
To: Zbynek Kozelsky; Andrew King; Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Joseph Dursi 
Subject: RE: Approval Needed - List of Preferreds 
Questions from MRG: 
1. 
How was the list created? What filters were used? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083487 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229671 
EFTA01383703

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383704.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383704.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tel. 
Par(reiti,-to- PeAft-rot, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083491 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229875 
EFTA01383704

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383705.pdf
----------------------------------------
Produced in Native Format 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083492 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229676 
EFTA01383705

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383706.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383706.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
SeM: 
To: 
Subject: 
10/20/2016 1:53:14 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20161020 
RM CODE 
10/19/16 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT R 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,254,881.53 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
413,032.73 
JEGE, INC 
D 
149,645.56 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
181,738.80 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
167,374.82 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
43,785,615.37 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
1,487,060.93 
GEW 2009 LLC 
M 
.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
M 
.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083494 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229678 
EFTA01383706

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383707.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
12/13/2016 1:40:51 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20161213 
RM CODE 
82289 
12/12/16 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
35269691 JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
3,589,694.09 
42952763 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
214,471.98 
42952771 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
1,966,301.73 
42953459 JEGE, INC 
D 
920,191.55 
42953475 JEGE, LLC 
D 
142,052.98 
42953758 NES, LLC 
D 
186,029.06 
42955542 ZORRO DEVELOPMENT CORP. 
D 
233,271.95 
42959295 LSJE, LLC 
D 
175,287.04 
44129244 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
12,204,936.93 
44133251 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
1,487,558.02 
GEW 2009 LLC 
M 
.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
M 
.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
M 
.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
12/12/16 
LARGE TRANSACTIONS 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
44129244 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
3,750,000.00 MONEY TRANSFER 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083495 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229679 
EFTA01383707

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383708.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Andrew King 
Sent: 
3/22/2017 2:30:33 PM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
AIS Request List [I) 
Attachments: Oldfield AIS Request Summary - March 2017.xlsx 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Stew, 
I've attached the list of clients that I've show HF and PE funds. Each tab is set up to print the relevant information on one 
page in landscape. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Best regards. 
Andrew King 
Andrew King, CM 
Vice President I Investment Solutions Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Park Avenue. New York. NY 10154 
PanienA:fir Perfoint. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083496 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229680 
EFTA01383708

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383709.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
5/15/2017 11:10:53 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
Subject: 
RE: MBLY Tender ICI II] 
Attachments: Israeli_TaxiDeclaration_Form.pdf; Offer To Purchase.pdf; RE_ MBLY Tender IC) II) (53.7 KB).msg 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Stew — I just put the below together, and wanted someone else to take a look to make sure it makes sense per Chris 
Harvey's 2:40pm ET email on Friday — which I've reattached here for your convenience. Take a look and let me know if 
you have thoughts — otherwise I'll send it over to him. 
Best, 
Vahe 
Rich — I actually just received a response on your question. Please note that this is our interpretation of the 
documentation received —and ultimately the does will govern this tender. I've attached those here again for your 
convenience. 
Should you choose not to take action: Given Southern Financial (SFLLC) is not a resident of Israel, it therefore seems to 
be subject to the max withholding of 25%. Separately, It would also appear that the MBLY shares will be delisted, and if 
SFLLC chooses not to participate by not filing any paperwork, then SFLLC will not receive cash or stock as it relates to the 
tender. Therefore, it would appear that the best course of action is to elect into the tender and file relevant paperwork 
as it relates to the withholding rate. 
Please let us know if you have questions. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
From: Richard Kahn (mailto
l. 
Sent: Monday, May 15, 2017 7:47 AM 
To: Vahe Stepanian < 
Subject: Re: MBLY Tender [CI 
any feedback on this? 
please advise 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
On May 10, 2017, at 4:58 PM, Vahe Stepanian 
wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083501 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229685 
EFTA01383709

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383710.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383710.pdf
----------------------------------------
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
<Israeli_Tax_Declaration_Forin.pdf><Offer To Purchase.pdf> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083503 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229687 
EFTA01383710

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383711.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
1.0500 / 1.1565 Jan-4 risk reversals into a 0.9550 / 1.0500 / 1.1350 Mar-4 seagull 
Best regards, 
Daniel 
Daniel Sabba 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Tel. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083505 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229689 
EFTA01383711

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383712.pdf
----------------------------------------
DECLARATION OF STATUS FOR ISRAELI INCOME TAX PURPOSES 
(This declaration should he completed only by Non-Israeli Residents and Israeli Brokers.) 
You arc receiving this form "Declaration of Status for Israeli Income Tax Purposes" us a holder of Ordinary Shares, nominal value 
€0.011 per share, per share (the "Shares") of Mobileye N.V. (the "Company"), in connection with the tender offer. 
By completing this form in a manner that would substantiate your eligibility for an exemption from Israeli withholding tax, you will 
allow paying agent, Israeli withholding tax agent, your broker or any other withholding agent, or their authorized representatives to 
exempt you from Israeli withholding tax. 
ART I 
1. Name: 
Identification and details of Shareholder (including Eligible Israeli Brokers) (see instructions)
2. Type of Shareholder (mom than one box may be 
applicable): 
(please print full name) 
K Corporation (or 
Limited Liability 
Company) 
K Individual 
K Trust 
O Partnership 
O Other 
K Bank 
O Broker 
O Financial Institution 
3. For individuals only: 
4. For all other Shareholders 
Date of birth: 
/ 
/ 
Country of incorporation or organization: 
month/ day / year 
Country of residence: 
Registration number of corporation (if applicable): 
Countries of citizenship (Mame all citizenships): 
Taxpayer Identification or Social Security No. (if applicable): 
Country of residence: 
5. Permanent Address (state, city, zip or postal code. street house number, apartment number): 
6. Mailing Address (if different from above): 
7. Contact Details: 
Name: 
Capacity: 
Telephone Number 
(country- code. area code and number): 
8. I hold the Shares of the Company (mark X in the appropriate 
O directly, as a Registered Holder 
O through a Broker. If you marked this box, please state the name 
place): 
of your Broker 
9. I hold less than 5% of the Company's issued shares. 
Yes K 
No K 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083506 
SDNY GM_00229690 
EFTA01383712

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383713.pdf
----------------------------------------
D. To be completed by Trusts. I hereby declare that: (if correct. madc X in the following boxes) 
DA O The trust is NOT and at the date of purchase of its Shares was not a "resident of Israel" for tax purposes as defined 
under Israeli law and provided in the instructions attached hereto. which means, among other things, that: 
• 
The trust is NOT registered in Israel, 
• 
The settlor of the trust is NOT an Israeli resident 
• 
The beneficiaries of the trust are NOT Israeli residents, and 
• 
The trustee of the trust is NOT an Israeli resident. 
D.2 O The trust acquired the Shares on or after January I. 2009. 
PART HI 
laration by Israeli Bank, Broker or Financial Institution (sec instructions) ► 
'IlieuLld not complete this Part HI 
I hereby declare that: (if correct, mark X in the following box) 
O 
lain a bank. broker or financial institution that is a "resident of Israel" within the meaning of that term in Section I 
of the Ordinance (See Instruction II). I am holding the Shares solely on behalf of beneficial shareholder(s) and I am 
subject to the provisions of the Ordinance and the regulations promulgated thereunder relating to the withholding of 
Israeli tax, including with respect to the cash payment (if ant) made by me to such beneficial shareholder(s) with 
respect to Shares in connection with the Offer. 
Non-Israeli Residents 
PART IV 
Certification. By signing this form. I also declare that: 
• 
I understood this form and completed it correctly and pursuant to the instructions. 
• 
I provided accurate, full and complete details in this fomt 
• 
I am aware that providing false details constitutes criminal offense. 
• 
l are aware that this form may be provided to the Israeli Tax Authority in case the Israeli Tax Authority so 
requests, for purposes of audit or otherwise. 
SIGN HERE P. 
Signature of Shareholder 
(or individual authorized to sign on your behalf) 
NUMBER OF SHARES 
Date 
Capacity in which acting 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083508 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229692 
EFTA01383713

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383714.pdf
----------------------------------------
INSTRUCTIONS 
FORMING PART OF THE DECLARATION OF STATUS FOR ISRAELI INCOME TAX PURPOSES 
I. General Instructions. This Declaration Form (Declaration of Status for Israeli Income Tax Purposes), or this Form. 
should be completed by holders of Shares who wish to tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer, and who are either: 
(i) 
Non-Israeli Residents: (I) hold less than 5% of the outstanding Shares of Mobikye, (2) NOT "residents of Israel" 
for purposes of the Ordinance (See Instruction II below), and (3) DID acquire the Shares tendered on or after January I, 
2009; or 
(ii) 
A Bank. Broker or Financial Institution Resident in Israel: a bank. broker or financial institution that are "residents 
of Israel" within the meaning of that tenn in Section 1 of the Ordinance, that (I) is holding Shares solely on behalf of 
beneficial shareholders) who holds less than 5% of the outstanding Mobileye shares and acquired his Mobileye shares on or 
after January• I. 2009 (so-called "street name" holders), and (2) is subject to the provisions of the Ordinance and the 
regulations promulgated thereunder relating to the withholding of Israeli tar including with respect to the cash payment (if 
any) made by them to such beneficial sharcholder(s) with respect to Shares tendered by them and accepted for payment by 
Mobileye pursuant to the Offer (an "Eligible Israeli Broker"). NOTE: AN ELIGIBLE ISRAELI BROKER MAY 
COMPLETE THIS FORM IF IT IS HOLDING THE SHARES SOLELY ON BEHALF OF HIS CLIENTS, THE 
BENEFICIAL SHAREHOLDERS. 
Part I (Identification and details of Shareholder, including Eligible Israeli Broker). You should complete Item I. 2 and 5 
through 8 and either (i) Item 3, if you are an individual, or (ii) Item 4, if you are a corporation (or limited liability company), 
mist, partnership, bank broker, financial institution or other entity. If you hold less than 5% of the outstanding Shares of 
Mobileye, you should complete Item 9. 
Part II (Declaration by Non-Israeli Residents). If you are NOT an Israeli resident, and acquired the Shares tendered on or 
after January 1, 2009, you should complete either Section A (for Individuals). Section B (for Corporations). Section C (for 
Partnerships) or Section D (for Trusts). If you do not mark a box you will be deemed to answer that the corresponding item is 
not correct with respect to you. 
Part III (Declaration by Israeli Bank, Broker or Financial Institution). If you are an Eligible Israeli Broker, you should 
mark the box in this Part. 
Part IV (Certification) and Signature Block. By signing this Form you also make the statements in Part IV. 
Inadequate .Space. If the space provided on this Form is inadequate, you should insert such details on a separate signed 
schedule and attached to this Form. 
Determination of Validity. All questions as to the validity, form or eligibility (including time of receipt) of this Form will 
be, subject to applicable law, determined by Purchaser. in its sole discretion. None of Purchaser. the U.S. Depositary, the 
Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in any Fonn 
or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification. For more details, see Section 5 of the Offer to Purchase. 
Questions and Requests for Assistance or Additional Copies. Questions and requests for assistance may be directed to the 
Information Agent at the address or telephone numbers set forth on the back cover of the offer to purchase. Additional copies 
of this Fenn may be obtained from the Information Agent. 
The method of delivery of this Form is at your option and risk, and the delivery will be deemed made only when 
actually received by your Broker or the Depositary. If delivery is by mail, registered mail with return receipt 
requested, is recommended. In all cases, sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery. No alternative, 
conditional or contingent Forms will be accepted. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083509 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229893 
EFTA01383714

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383715.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Definition of Resident of Israel for Israeli Tax Purposes 
The following is an excerpt of Section 1 of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance [New Version), 1961. as amended. which 
defines a "resident of Israel" or a "resident" as follows: 
"(A) with respect to an individual —a person whose center of vital interests is in Israel; for this purpose the following 
provisions will apply: 
(1) in order to determine the center of vital interests of an individual, account will be taken of the individual's family. 
economic and social connections. including, among others: 
(a) place of permanent home: 
(b) place of residential dwelling of the individual and the individual's immediate family; 
(c) place of the individual's regular or permanent occupation or the place of his permanent employment: 
(d) place of the individual's active and substantial economic interests: 
(e) place of the individual's activities in organizations, associations and other institutions; 
(2) the center of vital interests of an individual will be preswned to be in Israel: 
(a) if the individual was present in Israel for 183 days or more in the tax year. 
(b) if the individual was present in Israel for 30 days or more in the tax year, and the total period of the i ixiis idual's 
presence in Israel that tax year and the two previous tax years is 425 days or more. 
For the purposes of this provision, "day' includes a part of a day; 
(3) the presumption in subparagraph (2) may be rebutted either by the individual or by the assessing officer. 
(4) 
(B) with respect to a body of persons — a body of persons which meets one of the following: 
(I) it was incorporated in Israel: 
(2) the "control and management" of its business is exercised in Israel. excluding a body of persons the control and 
management of whose business is exercised in Israel by an individual that has become a resident of Israel for the first time or 
that has become a Veteran Returning Resident. as provided in Section 14(A). and ten years have not yet lapsed from the date 
on which he became an Israeli resident as aforesaid, or by anyone on his behalf, provided that such body or persons would 
not be a resident of Israel even if the control and management of its business had not been executed by such individual or 
anyone on his behalf. unless requested otherwise by the body of persons." 
The above is an unofficial English translation of the Ordinance in the Hebrew language, and is provided for 
convenience purposes only. Please consult your own tax advisors to determine the applicability of these definitions to 
you. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083510 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229694 
EFTA01383715

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383716.pdf
----------------------------------------
Reorganization"). The Post-Offer Reorganization will utilize processes available to Purchaser under Dutch law to 
ensure that (a) Purchaser becomes the owner of all of Mobileye's business operations from and after the 
consummation of the Post-Offer Reorganization and (b) any Mobileye shareholders who do not tender their 
Shares pursuant to the Offer (including during the Subsequent Offering Period, as it may be extended by the 
Minority Exit Offering Period) are offered or receive the same consideration for their Shares as those 
shareholders who tendered their Shares pursuant to the Offer (including during the Subsequent Offering Period. 
as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period), without interest and less applicable withholding 
taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing. in the event that the compulsory acquisition procedure (nitkoopprocedure) 
of non-tendered shares as provided by Dutch law (the "Compulsory Acquisition") is implemented. then Shares 
held by non-tendering Mobileye shareholders will be acquired in accordance with Section 2:92a or 
Section 2:201a of the Dutch Civil Code. In that circumstance, the Enterprise Chamber (Ondernemingskamer) of 
the Amsterdam Court of Appeals (Gerechtshcl Amsterdam) (the "Dutch Court") will determine the price to be 
paid for the non-tendered Shares. In such event, while Intel and Purchaser will use their reasonable best efforts to 
cause the per Share price paid in the Compulsory Acquisition for the non-tendered Shares to be equal to the Offer 
Consideration, the Dutch Court has sole discretion to determine the per Share price for the non-tendered Shares. 
Such price may be greater than, equal to or less than the Offer Consideration. Such price may potentially be 
increased by statutory interest ("Dutch Statutory Interest") accrued at the rate applicable in The Netherlands 
(currently two percent per annum). The period for the calculation of the Dutch Statutory Interest would begin 
either (i) on the date on which the Offer Consideration became payable to Mobileye shareholders who tendered 
their Shares to Purchaser in the Offer (the "Offer Payment Date"), provided that Purchaser has acquired at least 
95% of Mobileye's issued capital (geplaatst kapitaal) as of the Offer Payment Date or (ii) under certain 
circumstances, including when Purchaser has not acquired at least 95% of Mobileye's issued capital (geplaatst 
kapitaab as of the Offer Payment Date, from the date when the Dutch Court renders a judgment allowing the 
claim for the Compulsory Acquisition against the non-tendering shareholders for all of their Mobileye Shares. 
The end of the period for the calculation of the Dutch Statutory Interest would be the date Purchaser pays for the 
Shares then owned by the non-tendering Mobileye shareholders. As a result of the Post-Offer Reorganization. 
Mobileye will either be liquidated or become wholly owned by Purchaser. 
Purchase• and Intel may effectuate or cause to be effectuated, at Purchaser's or Intel's election, the Post-
Offer Reorganization by one or more of a variety of actions. potentially including (a) subject to the receipt of the 
Pre-Wired Asset Sale Ruling (as defined below) and the approval of the Pre-Wired Asset Sale Resolutions by 
Mobileye shareholders at the EGM, the Asset Sale and, as soon as practicable following the consummation of the 
Asset Sale, completing the Post-Offer Reorganization by the Liquidation (as defined below) and the Second Step 
Distribution (as defined below) or (b) if permissible under applicable law, the Compulsory Acquisition. 
Under the Purchase Agreement. Mobileye (which is a tax resident of Israel) has agreed, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the execution of the Purchase Agreement, and in consultation with Intel and 
Purchaser, to prepare and file with the Israel Tax Authority (the "ITA") an application for a ruling or rulings in 
form and substance reasonably acceptable to Intel and Purchaser that (a) exempts Intel. Purchaser and Mobileye 
from Israeli tax with respect to the Asset Sale, the Second Step Distribution, and the Liquidation, taking into 
account all relevant related steps (including the possible conversion of Mobileye from a naamloze vennootschap 
or N.V. to a beslotert vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid or B.V. following the Asset Sale) and 
(b) provides that the Asset Sale will not adversely affect the remaining duration or the extent of the incentives 
available to Mobileye and its subsidiaries resulting from the status of a "Preferred Enterprise" and/or "Benefifted 
Enterprise" under Israel's Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investment. 1959. or require any recapture of 
any previously claimed incentive, and that the entitlement of Mobileye or any of its subsidiaries to any such 
incentive shall be preserved despite the Asset Sale (clauses (a) and (b) together, the "Pre-Wired Asset Sale 
Ruling"). 
If the ITA issues the Pre-Wired Asset Sale Ruling and Mobileye shareholders have approved the he-Wired 
Asset Sale Resolutions and the Conversion Resolutions. and if Purchaser and Intel elect to proceed with the Asset 
Sale followed by the Liquidation and the Second Step Distribution, and if the number of Shares tendered 
pursuant to the Offer and not properly withdrawn (including Shares validly tendered during the Subsequent 
Offering Period, as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period). together with the Shares then 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083513 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229897 
EFTA01383716

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383717.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383717.pdf
----------------------------------------
Agreement under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976. as amended. (b) the receipt of all 
required consents or approvals under the Israel Restrictive Trade Practices Law. 5748-1988. as amended, and 
(c) the receipt of. or expiration of relevant waiting periods under. all required clearances or approvals under other 
applicable regulatory or antitrust laws, as agreed to by Purchaser, Intel. and Mobileye under the terms of the 
Purchase Agreement. 
The "Restraints Condition" requires that there is not in effect any law, regulation. order, or injunction 
entered, enacted, promulgated, enforced, or issued by any court or other governmental authority of competent 
jurisdiction prohibiting. rendering illegal. frustrating. or enjoining the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. other than the Call Option. The foregoing shall also not apply with 
respect to any form of Post-Offer Reorganization (other than the Compulsory Acquisition. or Mobileye's 
potential election pursuant to U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 301.7701-3 to be classified as a partnership or as 
a disregarded entity for U.S. federal tax purposes) to the extent that the number of Shares tendered pursuant to 
the Offer and not properly withdrawn (excluding Shares tendered pursuant to guaranteed delivery procedures that 
have not yet been delivered in settlement or satisfaction of such guarantee prior to the Expiration Time). together 
with the Shares then owned by Intel or its affiliates. represents at least 95% of Mobileye's issued capital 
eeplaatst kapitaal) immediately prior to the Expiration Time. 
The "Governance Resolutions Condition" requires that, at the EGM or a subsequent EGM. Mobileye 
shareholders have adopted one or more resolutions effective upon the Offer Closing to appoint Purchaser-
designated directors, including two non-executive directors who are independent from Intel and Purchaser (if 
such independent non-executive directors are not already members of the Mobileye Board), to replace those 
members of the Mobileye Board who will resign from the Mobileye Board effective as of the Offer Clr ing. 
The "Material Adverse Effect Condition" requires that no fact, change. event, development. occurrence, or 
effect has occurred following the date of the Purchase Agreement that, individually or in the aggregate. would 
have or reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Purchase 
Agreement). 
The Offer is not subject to a financing condition but is subject to other conditions as described in this Offer 
to Purchase. See Section l5 —"Certain Conditions of the Offer." 
A summary of the principal terms of the Offer appears under the heading "Summary Term Sheet." You 
should read this entire Offer to Purchase carefully before deciding whether to tender your Shares pursuant to the 
Offer. 
April 5.2017 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083515 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229899 
EFTA01383717

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383718.pdf
----------------------------------------
IMPORTANT 
If you desire to tender all or any portion of your Shares to Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, you must, prior 
to the Expiration lime. (a) complete and sign the Letter of Transmittal that accompanies this Offer to Purchase in 
accordance with the instructions in the Letter of Transmittal and mail or deliver the Letter of Transmittal and all 
other required documents to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company. LLC. in its capacity as depositary for 
the Offer (the "Depositary"). (b) follow the procedure for book-entry transfer described in 
Section 3 —"Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares." or (c) request that your broker, dealer. 
commercial hank. trust company. or other nominee effect the transaction for you. If you hold Shares registered in 
the name of a broker, dealer, commercial bank. trust company. or other nominee. you must contact that 
institution in order to tender your Shares to Purchaser pursuant to the Offer. If you cannot comply in a timely 
manner with the procedures for tendering your Shares by book-entry transfer, or you cannot deliver all required 
documents to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Time, you may tender your Shares to Purchaser pursuant to 
the Offer by following the procedures for guaranteed delivery described in Section 3 —"Procedures for 
Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares." 
Questions and requests for assistance should be directed to D.F. King & Co.. Inc.. the information agent for 
the Offer (the "Information Agent"). at its address and telephone numbers set forth on the back cover of this 
Offer to Purchase. Additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal, and other 
materials related to the Offer may also be obtained for free from the Information Agent. Additionally, copies of 
this Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal. the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, and any other 
material related to the Offer may be obtained at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. You may 
also contact your broker, dealer, commercial bank. trust company, or other nominee for assistance. 
This Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal contain important Information. and you should 
read both carefully and in their entirety before making a decision with respect to the Offer. 
The Offer has not been approved or disapproved by the SEC or any state securities commission nor 
has the SEC or any state securities commission passed upon the fairness or merits of or upon the accuracy 
or adequacy of the information contained in this Offer to Purchase. Any representation to the contrary is 
unlawful. 
The Information Agent for the Offer is: 
D.F. King & Ca. Inc 
Wall Street. 2204 Floor 
New York. NY 10005 
Shareholders may call toll free: (800) 966-9021 
Banks and brokers may call collect: (212) 269-5550 
Email: mobileye@dfiting.com 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083516 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229700 
EFTA01383718

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383719.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383719.pdf
----------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
SUMMARY TERM SHEET 
INTRODUCTION 
THE TENDER OFFER 
1. 
Terms of the Offer  
2. 
Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares  
3. 
Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares  
4. 
Withdrawal Rights  
5. 
Certain Tax Consequences  
6. 
Price Range of Shares; Dividends  
7. 
Certain Information Concerning Mobileye  
8. 
Certain Information Concerning Intel and Purchaser  
9. 
Source and Amount of Funds 
l0. Background of the Offer: Past Contacts or Negotiations with Mobileye  
11. The Purchase Agreement: Other Agreements  
12. Purpose of the Offer: Plans for Mobileye  
l3. Certain Effects of the Offer  
14. Dividends and Distributions  
15. Certain Conditions of the Offer  
l6. Certain Legal Matters: Regulatory Approvals  
17. Appraisal Rights  
18. Fees and Expenses  
l9. Miscellaneous 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083517 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229701 
EFTA01383719

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383720.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383720.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMARY TERM SHEET 
The information contained in this sununary term sheet is a summary only and is not meant to be a substitute 
for die nwre detailed description and information contained in this Offer to Purchase (the "Offer to Purchase"). 
the related Letter of Transmittal (the "Letter of Transmittal"), and other related materials. You are urged to read 
carefully the Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, and other related materials in their entirety. which. as 
each may be amended or supplemented from time to time, we collectively refer to as the "Offer." Purchaser has 
included cross-references in this summary term sheet to other sections of the Offer to Purchase where you will 
find more complete descriptions of the topics mentioned below. The information concerning Mobileye N.V,. a 
public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) organized under the laws of The Netherlands 
registered with the trade register in The Netherlands under file number 34158597 ("Mobileve"), contained 
herein and elsewhere in the Offer to Purchase has been provided to Purchaser (as defined below) ln• Mobileye or 
has been taken front or is based upon publicly available documents or records of Mobileye on fde with the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"l or other public sources at the time of the Offer 
and Purchaser has not independently verified the accuracy and completeness of such information. 
Securities Sought 
All outstanding ordinary shares, nominal value E0.01 per share, of Mobileye 
(the "Shares"). 
Price Offered Per Share 
$63.54 per Share, less any applicable withholding taxes and without interest, 
to the holders thereof and payable in cash (the "Offer Consideration"). 
Scheduled Expiration of Offer 
5:00 p.m.. New York City time, on June 21, 2017, unless the Offer is extended 
or earlier terminated (the "Expiration Time•'). See Section I — "Terms of the 
Offer." 
Purchaser 
Cyclops Holdings. LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Purchaser"),
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Intel Corporation, a Delaware corporation 
("Intel"). 
Who is offering to buy my Shares? 
Purchaser, a wholly owned subsidiary of Intel. is offering to purchase for cash all outstanding 
Shares. Purchaser is a Delaware limited liability company and Intel is a Delaware corporation. 
See the "Introduction" and Section 8 — "Certain Information Concerning Intel and Purchaser." 
Unless the context indicates otherwise, in this Offer to Purchase, we use the terms "Purchaser," "us," "we,-
and "our" to refer to Cyclops Holdings, LLC. We use the term "Intel" to refer to Intel Corporation and the term 
"Mobileye" to refer to Mobileye N.V. 
What are the classes and amounts of securities sought in the Offer? 
We are offering to purchase all outstanding Shares at a purchase price of $63.54 per Share, less any 
applicable withholding taxes and without interest, to the holders thereof, in cash, upon the terms and subject to 
the conditions set forth in this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal. 
See the "Introduction-  to this Offer to Purchase and Section I — "Terms of the Offer." 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083518 
SDNY GM_00229702 
EFTA01383720

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383721.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Mobileye Board recommends that Mobileye shareholders accept the Offer and tender their 
Shares in the Offer. Furthermore. the Mob'!eye Board recommends that you vote "for" each of the items 
that contemplates a vote of Moldleye shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of Mobileye 
shareholders (the "ECM"), which will be combined with Mobileye's 2017 annual general meeting of 
shareholders, scheduled to be held on June 13, 2017 at 3:00 p.m. Central European Time at the Waldorf 
Astoria Amsterdam, Herengracht 542 — 556, 1017 CG Amsterdam. The Netherlands. At the EGM, 
Moldier shareholders will be requested to vote on approval of (a) the transfer to and assumption of all or 
substantially all of the assets and liabilities of Mobileye by Purchaser (or an affiliate of Purchaser) (the 
"Asset Sale") and the liquidation (as defined below), including the appointment of a liquidator of 
Mobileye effective as of the time of the Lkmidation (the 'Pre-Wired Asset Sale Resolutions"), (b) certain 
amendments to Mobileye's articles of association to become effective after the Offer Closing. Including the 
conversion of Moblleye from a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap or N.V.) to a 
private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid or B.V.) under 
Dutch law (the "Conversion Resolutions"), (c) the appointment of directors designated by us to the 
Mobileye Board to replace certain current directors of Mobileye who will resign from the Mobileye Board 
effective as of the Offer Closing, and (d) other matters contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. 
A more complete description of the reasons that the Mobileye Board approved the Offer and recommended 
that Mobileye shareholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer is set forth in the 
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 of Mobileye that Mobileye is furnishing to 
shareholders in connection with the Offer (the "Schedule 14D-9"). 
Will you have the financial resources to make payment? 
Yes. We estimate that the total amount of hinds required to purchase all outstanding Shares in the Offer and 
to consummate the other transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. and to pay related transaction 
fees and expenses. will be approximately $15 billion. We anticipate funding such cash requirements from 
available cash and cash equivalents of Intel and its subsidiaries. The consummation of the Offer and the other 
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement is not subject to any financing condition. 
See Section 9 —"Source and Amount of Funds." 
Is your financial condition relevant to my derision to tender my Shares pursuant to the Offer? 
No. We do not think our financial condition is relevant to your decision on whether to tender Shares and 
accept the Offer because: 
• The Offer is being made for all outstanding Shares solely for cash. 
• 
We will have access to unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of our affiliates, further described in 
Section 9 — "Source and Amount of Funds." which we anticipate being sufficient to purchase all 
Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer and to complete the Post-Offer Reorganization. 
• The Offer is not subject to any financing condition. 
• If we consummate the Offer and not all outstanding Shares are tendered pursuant to the Offer or during 
the Subsequent Offering Period, as it may tie extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period (each as 
defined below), while we or Intel may elect to effectuate or cause to be effectuated the Post-Offer 
Reorganization by various mechanisms, we have no plans to offer any of our securities to effectuate the 
Post-Offer Reorganization. The steps we may take to effectuate the Post-Offer Reorganization include 
(but are not limited to) (a) acquiring all or substantially all assets and liabilities of Mobileye in the 
Asset Sale and, immediately following the consummation of the Asset Sale, dissolving and liquidating 
ii 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083520 
SDNY GM_00229704 
EFTA01383721

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383722.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mobileye in accordance with applicable Dutch procedures, such that a depositary on behalf of non-
tendering Mobileye shareholders will, immediately following the consummation of the Asset Sale. 
receive the Offer Consideration (without interest and less applicable withholding taxes) (the "Second 
Step Distribution") or (b) commencing a statutory proceeding before the Enterprise Chamber 
(Ondernemingskanrer) of the Amsterdam Court of Appeals (Geredushof Amsterdam) (the "Dutch 
Court") for the compulsory acquisition (uakoopprocedure) of non-tendered shares as provided by 
Dutch law (the "Compulsory Acquisition"). If the Compulsory Acquisition is implemented. then the 
Dutch Court will determine the price to be paid for the non-tendered Shares. Although Intel and 
Purchaser will use their reasonable best efforts to cause the per Share price paid in the Compulsory 
Acquisition for the non-tendered Shares to be equal to the Offer Consideration, such price may be 
greater than, equal to. or less than the Offer Consideration. Such price may potentially be increased by 
statutory interest ("Dutch Statutory Interest") accrued at the rate applicable in The Netherlands 
(currently two percent per annum). The period for the calculation of the Dutch Statutory Interest would 
begin either (i) on the date on which the Offer Consideration became payable to Mobileye shareholders 
who tendered their Shares to Purchaser in the Offer (the 'Offer Payment Date"), provided that 
Purchaser has acquired at least 959E of Mobileye's issued capital (geplaarsr kapiutal) as of the Offer 
Payment Date or (ii) under certain circumstances. including when Purchaser has not acquired at least 
95% of Mobileye's issued capital (geplaarsr kapiraal) as of the Offer Payment Date, from the date 
when the Dutch Court renders a judgment allowing the claim for the Compulsory Acquisition against 
the non-tendering shareholders for all of their Mobileye Shares. The end of the period for the 
calculation of the Dutch Statutory Interest would be the date we pay for the Shares then owned by the 
non-tendering Mobileye shareholders. 
See Section 12 — "Purpose of the Offer: Plans for Mobileye." 
!low long do I have to decide whether to tender my Shares pursuant to the Offer? 
You will have until 5:00 p.m.. New York City time, on June 21, 2017. unless we extend the Offer in 
accordance with the Purchase Agreement or the Offer is earlier terminated. Furthermore. if you cannot deliver 
everything that is required in order to make a valid tender in accordance with the terms of the Offer by that time, 
you may still participate in the Offer by using the guaranteed delivery procedure that is described in Section 3 —
"Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares" of this Offer to Purchase prior to that time. 
The Purchase Agreement provides, among other things, that, subject to the terms and conditions set forth 
therein, we will (and Intel will cause us to). (a) at or as promptly as practicable following the Expiration Time 
(but in any event within two business days thereafter), accept for payment (the time of acceptance for payment. 
the "Acceptance Time") and (b) at or as promptly as practicable following the Acceptance Time (but in any event 
within three business days (calculated as set forth in Rule 14d-1(g)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act) 
thereafter). pay for all Shares validly tendered pursuant to the Offer and not properly withdrawn as of the 
Acceptance Time (such time of payment, the "Offer Closing'). See Section I — "Terms of the Offer and 
Section 3 —"Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares." 
Please give your broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company, or other nominee instructions with 
sufficient time to permit such broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company, or other nominee to tender your 
Shares in accordance with your instructions. Beneficial owners should be aware that their broker, dealer, 
commercial bank, trust company, or other nominee may establish its own earlier deadline for participation in the 
Offer. Accordingly. beneficial owners wishing to participate in the Offer should contact their broker, dealer, 
commercial bank, trust company, or other nominee as soon as possible in order to determine the times by which 
such owner must take action in order to participate in the Offer. 
iv 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083521 
SDNY GM_00229705 
EFTA01383722

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383723.pdf
----------------------------------------
(b) effectuate the Asset Sale. we will extend the Subsequent Offering Period for at least five business days (the 
"Minority Exit Offering Period"). The purpose of the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the 
Minority Exit Offering Period) is to offer to acquire outstanding Shares that were not tendered pursuant to the Offer. 
See Section I -"Terms of the Offer." 
What is the difference between an extension of the Offer and a Subsequent Offering Period? 
A Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) is not an 
extension of the Offer. A Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering 
Period) occurs after we have accepted. and become obligated to pay for, all Shares that were validly tendered 
pursuant to the Offer and not properly withdrawn by the Expiration Time. No withdrawal rights will apply to 
Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering 
Period) and no withdrawal rights apply during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the 
Minority Exit Offering Period) with respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. 
See Section I - "Terms of the Offer." 
What are the most significant conditions to the Offer? 
The Offer is conditioned upon. among other things. (a) the absence of the termination of the Purchase 
Agreement in accordance with its terms and (b) the satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted by the 
Purchase Agreement and applicable law) of the following as of the scheduled Expiration Time: (i) the Minimum 
Condition (as its threshold may be lowered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement); (ii) the Antitrust Clearance 
Condition; (iii) the Restraints Condition; (iv) the Governance Resolutions Condition; and (v) the Material 
Adverse Effect Condition, each as defined below. 
The Offer also is subject to a number of other conditions to the Offer set forth in Section 15 —'Certain 
Conditions of the Offer" of this Offer to Purchase. The conditions to the Offer will be in addition to, and not a 
limitation of. the rights of us to extend, terminate or modify the Offer in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Purchase Agreement. Subject to the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, we expressly 
reserve the right at any time prior to the Expiration Time to waive, in whole or in part, any condition to the Offer 
and to make any change in the terms of or conditions to the Offer. However, we will not, and Intel will cause us 
not to (without the prior written consent of Mobileye): (a) waive or change the Minimum Condition (except to 
the extent contemplated under the Purchase Agreement); (b) decrease the Offer Consideration; (c) change the 
form of consideration to be paid in the Offer; (d) decrease the number of Shares sought in the Offer; (e) extend or 
otherwise change the Expiration Time (except as provided in the Purchase Agreement); or (f) impose additional 
conditions to the Offer or otherwise amend. modify or supplement any of the conditions to the Offer or terms of 
the Offer in a manner adverse to Mobileye shareholders. 
See Section 15 —"Certain Conditions of the Offer." 
What is the Minimum Condition? 
Subject to certain exceptions, the "Minimum Condition" generally means that there have been validly 
tendered pursuant to the Offer and not properly withdrawn a number of Shares (excluding Shares tendered 
pursuant to guaranteed delivery procedures that have not yet been delivered in settlement or satisfaction of such 
guarantee prior to the Expiration Time) that, together with the Shares then owned by Intel or its affiliates, 
represents at least 95% (the "Threshold Percentage") of Mobileye's issued capital (geplaatst kapitaal) 
immediately prior to the Expiration Time. 
See Section 15 — "Certain Conditions of the Offer." 
vi 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083523 
SDNY GM_00229707 
EFTA01383723

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383724.pdf
----------------------------------------
Until what time may I withdraw previously tendered Shares? 
You may properly withdraw your previously tendered Shares at any time until the Expiration Time. In 
addition, pursuant to Section 14(00) of the Exchange Act. Shares may be withdrawn at any time after June 4. 
2017. which is the 60th day after the date of the commencement of the Offer, unless prior to that date we have 
accepted for payment the Shares validly tendered in the Offer. No withdrawal rights will apply to Shares 
tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) and 
no withdrawal rights apply during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit 
Offering Period) with respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment; any Shares tendered 
during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) will 
immediately be accepted and promptly paid for. 
See Section 4 —"Withdrawal Rights." 
How do 1 withdraw previously tendered Shares? 
To properly withdraw previously tendered Shares, you must deliver a written notice of withdrawal with the 
required information (as specified in this Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal) to the 
Depositary at any time at which you have the right to withdraw Shares. If you tendered Shares by giving 
instructions to a broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company. or other nominee, you must instruct such 
broker. dealer, commercial bank. trust company or other nominee to arrange for the withdrawal of your Shares 
and such broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company, or other nominee must effectively withdraw such 
Shares at any time at which you have the right to withdraw your Shares. No withdrawal rights will apply to 
Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering 
Period) and no withdrawal rights apply during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the 
Minority Exit Offering Period) with respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment: any Shares 
tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) 
will immediately be accepted and promptly paid for. 
See Section 4 —"Withdrawal Rights." 
Ill decide not to tender, how will the Offer affect my Shares and what will happen to Mobileye? 
After the Offe• Closing, we intend to cause Mobileye to terminate the listing of the Shares on NYSE (the 
"Detesting"). As a result, we anticipate that there will not be an active trading market for the Shares. In addition. 
after the Offer Closing. we intend to cause Mobileye to terminate the registration of Shares under the Exchange 
Act as promptly as practicable and take steps to cause the suspension of its reporting obligations with respect to 
the Shares with the SEC. As a result, with respect to the Shares. Mobileye would no longer be required to make 
filings with the SEC or otherwise comply with the rules of the SEC relating to foreign private issuers. 
Furthermore, the ability of "affiliates" of Mobileye and persons holding "restricted securities" of Mobileye to 
dispose of such securities pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities 
Act"). may be impaired or eliminated. 
In addition, you should be aware that, after amendment of Mobileye's articles of association, following the 
Offer Closing, pursuant to the Conversion Resolutions proposed to be approved at the EGM. record ownership of 
Mobileye shares can only be transferred pursuant to a notarial deed executed before a Dutch notary. This will 
require compliance by the transferor and transferee of Shares with various administrative formalities under Dutch 
law and will also require shareholders to incur costs for Dutch notarial fees when they transfer Mobileye shares. 
If such amendment to Mobileye's articles of association becomes effective prior to or during the Subsequent 
Offering Period or the Minority Exit Offering Period, then all transfers of record ownership of Shares to the 
Purchaser during the Subsequent Offering Period, and (if applicable) the Minority Exit Offering Period, must be 
ix 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083526 
SDNY GM_00229710 
EFTA01383724

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383725.pdf
----------------------------------------
non-tendering Mobileye shareholders in accordance with Section 2:92a or Section 2:201a of the Dutch Civil 
Code (the "DM"). In the Compulsory Acquisition proceeding. while we will request that the per Share price 
paid in the Compulsory Acquisition be equal to the Offer Consideration, the Dutch Court has sole discretion to 
determine the per Share price, which may be greater than, equal to or less than the Offer Consideration, with such 
price potentially being increased by Dutch Statutory Interest. The non-tendering Mobileye shareholders do not 
have the right to commence a Compulsory Acquisition proceeding to oblige us to buy their Shares. 
See Section 17 —"Appraisal Rights." 
What will happen to my equity awards in the Offer? 
At the Offer Closing. each restricted share unit issued by Mobileye pursuant to a Mobileye equity 
compensation plan (each, a "Mobileye RSU") that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Offer Closing 
and either (a) held by a person other than an employee who continues his or her employment with Mobileye or 
any of its subsidiaries at the Offer Closing (a "Continuing Employee"), whether vested or unvested, (b) vested in 
accordance with the terms of the applicable Mobileye equity compensation plan and award agreement evidencing 
such Mobileye RSU as of immediately prior to the Offer Closing and for which Shares have not yet been issued. 
(c) that, in the absence of the Offer and the other transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, would 
become vested within two years following the Offer Closing and are held by a Continuing Employee whose 
employment or service with Mobileye commenced prior to the date of the Purchase Agreement or (d) is subject 
to accelerated vesting solely as a result of the completion of the Offer and the other transactions contemplated by 
the Purchase Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof (each, a "Terminating RSU"), will, without any 
action on the part of Intel, Purchaser. Mobileye, the holder thereof or any other person. be accelerated and 
converted into and will become a right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product 
obtained by multiplying (x) the Offer Consideration by (y) the total number of Shares subject to such Mobileye 
RSU. Any such payment with respect to a Terminating RSU shall be subject to all applicable federal, state and 
local tax withholding requirements, and, with respect to Israeli employees. in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Israel Equity Tax Ruling (as defined below), if obtained. 
At the Offer Closing, each Mobileye RSU that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Offer Closing 
and that is not a Terminating RSU will, without any action on the part of Intel, Purchaser. Mobileye, the holder 
thereof or any other person, be converted into an equity award subject to the same terms and conditions 
applicable to such Mobileye RSU (including the same vesting schedule and terms regarding acceleration and 
forfeiture upon termination of employment or service) immediately prior to the Offer Closing with respect to a 
number of shares of common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole share) of Intel equal to (a) the number of 
Shares subject to such Mobileye RSU immediately prior to the Offer Closing multiplied by (b) the quotient 
obtained by dividing (x) the Offer Consideration by (y) the average closing price of the common stock of Intel on 
the NASDAQ for the five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding the date of 
the Offer Closing (such quotient. the "Equity Award Adjustment Ratio"). The terms and conditions applicable to 
certain of these Mobileye RSUs will be modified as agreed to by the panics on the date of the Purchase 
Agreement. 
At the Offer Closing, each option to acquire Shares granted by Mobileye pursuant to a Mobileye equity 
compensation plan (each, a "Mobileye Option") that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Offer Closing 
and either (a) held by a person other than a Continuing Employee, whether vested or unvested, (b) held by a 
person identified by the parties on the date of the Purchase Agreement. whether vested or unvested, (c) vested in 
accordance with the terms of the applicable Mobileye equity compensation plan and award agreement evidencing 
such Mobileye Option as of immediately prior to the Offer Cksing. (d) that, in the absence of the Offer and the 
other transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, would become vested within two years following 
the Offer Closing and are held by a Continuing Employee whose employment or service with Mobileye 
commenced prior to the date of the Purchase Agreement. or (e) is subject to accelerated vesting solely as a result 
xi 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083528 
SDNY GM_00229712 
EFTA01383725

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383726.pdf
----------------------------------------
of the completion of the Offer and the other transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement in accordance 
with the terms thereof (of which there are none), will, without any action on the part of Intel. Purchaser. 
Mobikye. the holder thereof or any other person. be accelerated (if required) and converted into and will become 
a right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product of (x) the excess, if any. of the Offer 
Consideration over the applicable per Share exercise price of such Mobileye Option multiplied by (y) the number 
of Shares subject to such Mobileye Option. Each Mobileye Option described in the prior sentence is referred to 
herein as a "Terminating Option." Each Terminating Option that is outstanding and unexercised immediately 
prior to the Offer Closing that has an exercise price equal to or greater than the Offer Consideration will be 
cancelled as of the Offer Closing without consideration therefor and the holder of such Terminating Option will 
cease to have any rights with respect thereto. Any such payment with respect to a Terminating Option shall be 
subject to all applicable federal, state and local tax withholding requirements. and, with respect to Israeli 
employees, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Israel Equity Tax Ruling, if obtained. 
At the Offer Closing, each Mobileye Option that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Offer Closing 
and that is not a Terminating Option, will, without any action on the part of Intel, Purchaser, Mobileye, the 
holder thereof or any other person, be converted into an option to purchase, subject to the same terms and 
conditions as applied to such Mobileye Option (including the same vesting schedule and terms regarding 
acceleration and forfeiture upon termination of employment or service) immediately prior to the Offer Closing, a 
number of shares of common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole share) of Intel equal to (w) the number of 
Shares subject to such Mobileye Option immediately prior to the Offer Closing multiplied by (x) the Equity 
Award Adjustment Ratio, with an exercise price per Share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to (y) the 
exercise price per Share for which such Mobileye Option was exercisable immediately prior to the Offer Closing 
divided by (z) the Equity Award Adjustment Ratio. The terms and conditions applicable to certain of these 
Mobileye Options will be modified as agreed to by the parties on the date of the Purchase Agreement. 
See Section I I -"The Purchase Agreement; Other Agreements — Purchase Agreement — Treatment of 
Mobileye Equity Awards." 
What are the U,S. federal income tax consequences of tendering Shares for U.S. shareholders? 
The receipt of cash in exchange for your Shares pursuant to the Offer (including during the Subsequent 
Offering Period, as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) or the Post-Offer Reorganization 
generally will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and may also be a taxable transaction 
under applicable state, local or non-U.S. income or other tax laws. 
We urge you to consult your own tax advisor as to the particular tax consequences to you of the Offer and 
the Post-Offer Reorganization. 
See Section 5A —"Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences" for a more detailed discussion of the 
U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Offer, the Asset Sale, and the Post-Offer Reorganization for certain 
U.S. shareholders. 
What are the Israeli tax consequences of' having my Shares accepted for payment in the Otter? 
The receipt of cash in exchange for your Shares pursuant to the Offer (including during the Subsequent 
Offering Period, as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) or the Post-Offer Reorganization. 
will generally be considered an Israeli source transaction for Israeli income tax purposes and may be subject to 
mandatory withholding requirements. Mobileye and Purchaser obtained a ruling from the ITA that may afford 
certain shareholders relief from the Israeli withholding requirements. 
See Section 5B —"Certain Israeli Income Tax Consequences" for a more detailed discussion of the Israeli 
income tax and withholding consequences of the Offer, the Asset Sale, and the Post-Offer Reorganization. 
xii 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083529 
SONY GM_00229713 
EFTA01383726

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383727.pdf
----------------------------------------
Additionally. with respect to shares issued pursuant to the exercise or vesting of Mobileye Options or 
Mobileye RSUs granted to Israeli employees, such tax and withholding consequences shall also be in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of the Israel Equity Tax Ruling, if obtained. 
We urge you to consult your own tax advisor as to the particular Israeli tax consequences to you of the Offer 
and the Post-Offer Reorganization. 
Who should I call If I have questions about the Offer? 
toll free a 
D.F. Kin & Co.. Inc. is acting as the Information Agent for the Offer. You may call the Information Agent 
for shareholders) or collect at 
for banks and brokers). See the back 
cover of this Offer to Purchase for additional contact information. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083530 
SDNY GM_00229714 
EFTA01383727

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383728.pdf
----------------------------------------
INTRODUCTION 
To the Holders of Ordinary Shares ol'Moblleye N.V.: 
Cyclops Holdings. LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary 
of Intel Corporation. a Delaware corporation ("Intel"), is offering to purchase all of the outstanding ordinary 
shares, nominal value E0.01 per share (the "Shares"), of Mobileye N.V., a public limited liability company 
(naamloze brnnootschap) organized under the laws of The Netherlands registered with the trade register in The 
Netherlands under file number 34158597 ("Mobileye"), at a purchase price of $63.54 per Share, less any 
applicable withholding taxes and without interest, to the holders thereof, payable in cash (the "Offer 
Consideration'), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Offer to Purchase (the "Offer to 
Purchase') and in the related Letter of Transmittal (the "Letter of Transmittal" and, together with this Offer to 
Purchase, as each may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Offer"). 
The Offer is being made pursuant to a Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 12.2017 (as it may be 
amended from time to time, the "Purchase Agreement"). by and among Intel. Cyclops Holdings. Inc.. a Delaware 
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Intel ("Cyclops") and Mobileye. On April 4, 2017, Cyclops 
convened from a Delaware corporation to a Delaware limited liability company (the 'Conversion"). The 
Conversion has not adversely impacted. and will not adversely impact, in any respect Mobikye or any of its 
shareholders, or Mobileye's rights under the Purchase Agreement. and has not relieved, and will not relieve, Intel 
or Cyclops of its respective obligations under the Purchase Agreement. All references to "Purchaser" in 
describing Purchaser's rights and obligations under the Purchase Agreement refer to Cyclops prior to the 
Conversion, and to Purchaser following the Conversion. Unless the Offer is earlier terminated. the Offer will 
expire at 5:00 p.m.. New York City time, on June 21. 2017 (the "Expiration Time," unless the Offer is extended 
in accordance with the Purchase Agreement, in which event "Expiration Time" will mean the latest time and date 
at which the Offer, as so extended by Purchaser, will expire). 
Purchaser may extend the Offer to such other date and time as may be agreed in writing by Mobileye and 
Intel, and will extend the Offer for the minimum period required by applicable law, the United States Securities 
and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or the rules of the NASDAQ Global Select Market ("NASDAQ") or the 
New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"). Purchaser will also extend the Offer on one or more occasions in 
consecutive periods of 10 business days each if. at the then-scheduled Expiration Time, any condition to the 
Offer has not been satisfied or waived, in order to permit satisfaction of such condition, or 2() business days in 
case of the Antitrust Clearance Condition (as defined below) if such condition is not reasonably likely to be 
satisfied within such 10 business day extension period. Purchaser will not be required to extend the Offer for 
more than two occasions if the sole remaining unsatisfied condition to the Offer is the Minimum Condition (as 
defined below) and the Pre-Wired Asset Sale Ruling (as defined below) has been obtained or Intel determines in 
its reasonable judgment that the Pre-Wired Asset Sale Ruling will not be received, and Purchaser is not required 
to extend the Offer beyond the End Date (as defined below). 
The Purchase Agreement provides, among other things, that, subject to the terms and conditions set forth 
therein. Purchaser will (and Intel will cause Purchaser to). (a) at or as promptly as practicable following the 
Expiration Time (but in any event within two business days thereafter), accept for payment (the time of 
acceptance for payment, the "Acceptance Time"), and (b) at or as promptly as practicable following the 
Acceptance Time (but in any event within three business days (calculated as set forth in Rule 144-1(g)(3) 
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. as amended (the "Exchange Act")) thereafter), pay for 
all Shares validly tendered pursuant to the Offer and not properly withdrawn as of the Acceptance Time (such 
time of payment, the "Offer Closing"). It is expected that following the Offer Closing, the listing of the Shares on 
the NYSE will be terminated, Mobileye will no longer be a publicly traded company, and the Shares will be 
deregistered under the Exchange Act, resulting in the cessation of Mobileye's reporting obligations with respect 
to the Shares with the SEC. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083531 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229715 
EFTA01383728

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383729.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383729.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Offer is not subject to a financing condition but is subject to other conditions as described in this Offer 
to Purchase. See Section t5 —"Certain Conditions of the Offer." 
After careful consideration, the board of directors (bestuur) of Mobikye (the "Mobileye Board") has 
unanimously (other than the executive directors, Professor Amnon Shashua and Mr. ZIv Aviram, who 
abstained, due to potential conflicts of interest) (a) determined that the Purchase Agreement and certain of 
the transactions contemplated thereby are in the best interests of Mobikye, its business and its 
shareholders, employees and other relevant stakeholders, and (h) approved and adopted the Purchase 
Agreement and approved certain of the transactions contemplated thereby. 
The Mobileye Board recommends that Mobikye shareholders accept the Offer and tender their 
Shares in the Offer. Furthermore. the Mobileye Board recommends that you vote "for" each of the items 
that contemplates a vote of Mobileye shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of Mobikye 
shareholders (the "ECM"), which will be combined with Mobileye's 2017 annual general meeting of 
shareholders, scheduled to be held on June 13, 2017, at 3:00 p.m. Central European Time at the Waldorf 
Astoria Amsterdam, Herengracht 542 — 556, 1017 CC Amsterdam. The Netherlands. At the EGM, 
Mobileye shareholders will he requested to vote on approval of (a) the Asset Sale (as defined below) and 
the Liquidation (as defined below), including the appointment of a liquidator of Mobileye effective as of 
the time of the Liquidation (the "Pre-Wired Asset Sale Revolutions"), (b) certain amendments to 
Mobileye's articles of association to become effective alter the Offer Closing, including the conversion of 
Mobileye from a public limited liability company (natuntoze rennootschap or N.V.) to a private limited 
liability company (besloten vennotaschap met heperke aansprakel4jkheid or B. V.) under Dutch law (the 
"Conversion Resolution"), (c) the appointment of directors designated by us to the Mobileye Board to 
replace certain current directors of Mobileye who will resign from the Mobileye Board effective as of the 
Offer Closing, and (dl other matters contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. 
A more complete description of the reasons that the Mobileye Board approved the Offer and recommended 
that Mobileye shareholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer is set forth in the 
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on the Schedule 14D-9 that Mobileye is furnishing to shareholders in 
connection with the Offer. 
Following the Acceptance Time in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. Purchaser will provide for a 
subsequent offering period of at least 10 business days in accordance with Rule 14d-1 I under the Exchange Act 
(the "Subsequent Offering Period"). In the event that prior to the expiration of the Subsequent Offering Period. 
Purchaser or one of its affiliates has elected to (a) exercise its right to purchase such number of newly issued 
ordinary shares of Mobikye so as to increase Purchaser's ownership by 15% of the total ownership of ordinary 
shares of Mobileye after giving effect to such purchase (the "Call Option") or (b) effectuate the Asset Sale. 
Purchaser will extend the Subsequent Offering Period for at least five business days (the "Minority Exit Offering 
Period"). Under no circumstance will interest be paid on the Offer Consideration paid pursuant to the 
Offer, regardless of any extension of the Offer, the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may he extended by 
the Minority Exit Offering Period) or any delay in making payment for Shares. 
As promptly as practicable following the closing of the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended 
by the Minority Exit Offering Period). Intel or Purchaser may effectuate or cause to be effectuated. at Intel's or 
Purchaser's election, a corporate reorganization of Mobileye and its subsidiaries (the "Past-Offer 
Reorganization"). The Post-Offer Reorganization will utilize processes available to Purchaser under Dutch law to 
ensure that (a) Purchaser becomes the owner of all of Mobileye's business operations from and after the 
consummation of the Post-Offer Reorganization and (b) any Mobileye shareholders who do not tender their 
Shares pursuant to the Offer (including during the Subsequent Offering Period, as it may be extended by the 
Minority Exit Offering Period) are offered or receive the same consideration for their Shares as those 
shareholders who tendered their Shares pursuant to the Offer (including during the Subsequent Offering Period. 
as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period), without interest and less applicable withholding 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083533 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229717 
EFTA01383729

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383730.pdf
----------------------------------------
taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Compulsory Acquisition is implemented. then the 
Dutch Court (as defined below) will determine the price to be paid for the non-tendered Shares. Although Intel 
and Purchaser will use their reasonable best efforts to cause the per Share price paid in the Compulsory 
Acquisition for the non-tendered Shares to be equal to the Offer Consideration, such price may be greater than. 
equal to or less than the Offer Consideration. Such price may potentially be increased by statutory interest 
("Dutch Statutory Interest") accrued at the rate applicable in The Netherlands (currently two percent per annum). 
The period for the calculation of the Dutch Statutory Interest would begin either (i) on the date on which the 
Offer Consideration became payable to Mobileye shareholders who tendered their Shares to Purchaser in the 
Offer (the "Offer Payment Date"), provided that Purchaser has acquired at least 95% of Mobileye's issued capital 
(geplaarst kapiraal) as of the Offer Payment Date or (ii) under certain circumstances, including when Purchaser 
has not acquired at least 95% of Mobileye's issued capital (geplatlist kapitaal) as of the Offer Payment Date. 
from the date when the Dutch Court renders a judgment allowing the claim for the Compulsory Acquisition 
against the non-tendering shareholders for all of their Mobikye Shares. The end of the period for the calculation 
of the Dutch Statutory Interest would be on the date Purchaser pays for the Shares then owned by the non-
tendering Mobileye shareholders. As a result of the Post-Offer Reorganization. Mobileye will either be liquidated 
or become wholly owned by Purchaser. 
Purchaser and Intel may effectuate or cause to be effectuated. at Purchaser's or Intel's election, the Post-
Offer Reorganization by one or more of a variety of actions, potentially including (a) subject to the receipt of the 
Pre-Wired Asset Sale Ruling (as defined below) and the approval of the Pre-Wired Asset Sale Resolutions by 
Mobileye shareholders at the EGM a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Mobileye to. and the transfer 
to and assumption of all or substantially all of the assets and liabilities of Mobileye by. Purchaser (or an affiliate 
of Purchaser) (the "Asset Sale") and, as soon as practicable following the consummation of the Asset Sale. 
completing the Post-Offer Reorganization by the Liquidation (as defined below) and. as soon as practicable 
following the consummation of the Asset Sale, the Second Step Distribution (as defined below) or (b) if 
permissible under applicable law, the Compulsory Acquisition. 
Under the Purchase Agreement, Mobileye (which is a tax resident of Israel) has agreed. as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the execution of the Purchase Agreement. and in consultation with Intel and 
Purchaser, to prepare and file with the ITA an application for a ruling or rulings in form and substance 
reasonably acceptable to Intel and Purchaser that (a) exempts Intel, Purchaser and Mobileye from Israeli tax with 
respect to the Asset Sale, the Second Step Distribution and the Liquidation. taking into account all relevant 
related steps (including the possible conversion of Mobikye from a naandoze vennoorschap or N.V. to a besloren 
vennoorschap rust beperkre aansprakelijkheid or B.V. following the Asset Sale) and (b) provides that the Asset 
Sale will not adversely affect the remaining duration or the extent of the incentives available to Mobileye and its 
subsidiaries resulting from the status of a "Preferred Enterprise" and/or "Benefitted Enterprise" under Israel's 
Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investment. 1959. or require any recapture of any previously claimed 
incentive, and that the entitlement of Mobileye or any of its subsidiaries to any such incentive shall be preserved 
despite the Asset Sale (clauses (a) and (b) together, the "Pre-Wired Asset Sale Ruling"). 
If the ITA issues the Pre-Wired Asset Sale Ruling and Mobileye shareholders have approved the Pre-Wired 
Asset Sale Resolutions and the Conversion Resolutions. and if Purchaser and Intel elect to proceed with the Asset 
Sale followed by the Liquidation and the Second Step Distribution, and if the number of Shares tendered 
pursuant to the Offer and not properly withdrawn (including Shares validly tendered during the Subsequent 
Offering Period, as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period), together with the Shares then 
owned by Intel or its affiliates, represents at least 67% of Mobileye's issued capital (geplaarst kapitaal) (or 80%, 
if the Mobileye shareholders have not approved the Pre-Wired Asset Sale Resolutions and the Conversion 
Resolutions), then the cash consideration paid by Purchaser (or an affiliate of Purchaser) to Mobileye in the Asset 
Sale would be an aggregate amount equal to the Offer Consideration multiplied by the total number of Shares 
held by non-tendering Mobileye shareholders as of the expiration of the Subsequent Offering Period and, upon 
consummation of the Asset Sale, (a) Mobileye will hold only the cash received in the Asset Sale: (b) Purchaser 
(or an affiliate of Purchaser) would 6) own all of Mobileye's business operations and (ii) be the principal 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083534 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229718 
EFTA01383730

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383731.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383731.pdf
----------------------------------------
shareholder in Mobileye: and (c) the non-tendering Mobileye shareholders would continue to own Shares 
representing. in the aggregate. a minority of the Shares then outstanding. As soon as practicable following 
consummation of the Asset Sale. Purchaser (or an affiliate of Purchaser) would then complete the Post-Offer 
Reorganization by causing Mobileye to be liquidated in accordance with applicable Dutch procedures (the 
"Liquidation"). with Purchaser (or an affiliate of Purchaser) providing an indemnity or guarantee to the liquidator 
in respect of the Liquidation for any deficit in the estate of Mobileye to enable the liquidator to make an 
immediate advance distribution in cash (the "Second Step Distribution") to a depositary on behalf of each non-
tendering Mobileye shareholder in an amount equal to the Offer Considezation, without interest and less 
applicable withholding taxes, for each Share then owned. 
If the number of Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer and not properly withdrawn (including Shares validly 
tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period, as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period), 
together with the Shares then owned by Intel or its affiliates, represents less than 100% but at least 959E of 
Mobileye's issued capital (geplaatsr kapitaal), and Purchaser and Intel elect to have Purchaser commence the 
Compulsory Acquisition, Purchaser would then complete the Post-Offer Reorganization by commencing a 
statutory proceeding before the Enterprise Chamber (Ondememingskamer) of the Amsterdam Court of Appeals 
(Gereelushof Amsterdam) (the "Dutch Court") for the compulsory acquisition (airkoopprocedure) of non-
tendered shares as provided by Dutch law (the "Compulsory Acquisition') of Shares held by non-tendering 
Mobileye shareholders in accordance with Section 2:92a or Section 2:201a of the DCC. While Intel and 
Purchaser will use their reasonable best efforts to cause the per Shaft price paid in the Compulsory Acquisition 
to be equal to the Offer Consideration, the Dutch Court has sole discretion to determine the per Share price, 
which may be greater than, equal to, or less than the Offer Consideration (with such price potentially being 
increased by Dutch Statutory Interest). Upon execution (tenuirvoerlegging) of the Dutch Court's ruling in the 
Compulsory Acquisition, each non-tendering Mobileye shareholder will receive the Dutch Court-determined per 
Share price and Purchaser will become the sole shareholder of Mobileye. 
It is possible that Purchaser may not be able to implement any proposed Post-Offer Reorganization 
promptly after the consummation of the Offer, that such Post-Offer Reorganization may be delayed or that such 
Post-Offer Reorganization may not be able to take place at all. Any Post-Offer Reorganization could be the 
subject of litigation, and a court could delay the Post-Offer Reorganization or prohibit it from occurring on the 
terms described in this Offer to Purchase, or from occurring at all. Moreover, even if Purchaser is able to effect 
any proposed Past-Offer Reorganization, the consideration that Mobileye shareholders receive therefrom may be 
substantially lower and/or different in form than the consideration that they would have received had they 
tendered their Shares in the Offer (and they may also be subject to additional taxes). 
The U.S. federal income tax consequences and Israeli tax consequences of the sale of Shares pursuant to the 
Offer and pursuant to the Post-Offer Reorganization are described in Section 5 —"Certain Tax Consequences." 
The applicable withholding taxes (including Israeli dividend withholding taxes) and other taxes, if any, 
imposed on Mobileye shareholders who do not tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer (including during 
the Subsequent Offering Period, as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) may be 
different from, and greater than, the taxes imposed upon such Mobileye shareholders had they tendered 
their Shares pursuant to the Offer (including during the Subsequent Offering Period, as it may be 
extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period). Shareholders are urged to consult with their tax advisers 
with regard to the tax consequences of tendering their shares pursuant to the Offer and the Post-Offer 
Reorganization. 
This Offer to Purchase does not constitute a solicitation of proxies. and Purchaser is not soliciting proxies in 
connection with the Offer. Proxies may be solicited by Mobileye from its shareholders in connection with the 
EGM. and you should consult and read carefully any shareholders circular or other materials provided to you by 
Mobileye in connection with the EGM. 
This Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal contain important information that should be 
read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083535 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229719 
EFTA01383731

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383732.pdf
----------------------------------------
the terms of or conditions to the Offer. However, Purchaser will not. and Intel will cause Purchaser not to 
(without the prior written consent of Mobileye): (a) waive or change the Minimum Condition (except to the 
extent contemplated under the Purchase Agreement): (b) decrease the Offer Consideration: (c) change the form 
of consideration to be paid in the Offer; (d) decrease the number of Shares sought in the Offer. (e) extend or 
otherwise change the Expiration Time (except as provided in the Purchase Agreement): or (f) impose additional 
conditions to the Offer or otherwise amend, modify. or supplement any of the conditions to the Offer or terms of 
the Offer in a manner adverse to Mobileye shareholders. 
Any extension of the Offer will be followed by a public announcement of the extension no later than 9:00 
a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the day on which the Offer was otherwise scheduled to 
expire. which notice shall also include the approximate number of Shares validly tendered and not properly 
withdrawn as of such date. Without limiting the manner in which Purchaser may choose to make any public 
announcement, it currently intends to make announcemen6 regarding the Offer by issuing a press release and 
making an appropriate filing with the SEC. 
If Purchaser extends the Offer. is delayed in its acceptance for payment of or payment (whether before or 
after its acceptance for payment for Shares) for Shares, or is unable to accept Shares for payment pursuant to the 
Offer for any reason, then. without prejudice to its rights under the Offer and the Purchase Agreement. the 
Depositary may retain tendered Shares on Purchaser's behalf, and such Shares may not be withdrawn except to 
the extent that tendering shareholders are entitled to withdrawal rights as described in this Offer to Purchase 
under Section 4 —"Withdrawal Rights." However. Purchaser's ability to delay the payment for Shares that it has 
accepted for payment is limited by Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act, which requires Purchaser to promptly 
pay the consideration offered or return the securities deposited by or on behalf of shareholders promptly after the 
termination or withdrawal of the Offer. 
It subject to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, Purchaser makes a material change in the terms of the 
Offer or the information concerning the Offer. or if Purchaser waives a material condition of the Offer. Purchaser 
will disseminate additional tender offer materials and extend the Offer if and to the extent required by Rules 14d-
4(d)(1), 14d-6(c). and 14e-1 under the Exchange Act. The minimum period during which an offer must remain 
open following material changes in the terms of the Offer or information concerning the Offer. other than a 
change in price or a change in percentage of securities sought, will depend upon the facts and circumstances. 
including the relative materiality of the terms or information changes. Purchaser understands that in the SEC's 
view, an offer should remain open for a minimum of five business days from the date the material change is first 
published, sent. or given to shareholders, and with respect to a change in price or a change in percentage of 
securities sought. a minimum 10 business day period generally is required to allow for adequate dissemination to 
shareholders and investor response. 
If. on or before the Expiration Time. Purchaser increases the consideration being paid for Shares accepted 
for payment in the Offer, such increased consideration will be paid to all shareholders whose Shares are 
purchased in the Offer, whether or not such Shares were tendered before the announcement of the increase in 
consideration. 
Following the Expiration Time. Purchaser intends to provide for a Subsequent Offering Period of at least 10 
business days in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act and in accordance with the Purchase 
Agreement. In the event that prior to the expiration of the Subsequent Offering Period. Purchaser or one of its 
affiliates elects to exercise the Call Option or effectuate the Asset Sale. Purchaser will extend the Subsequent 
Offering Period for the Minority Exit Offering Period of at least five business days. For purposes of the Offer, a 
"business day" means a day, other than Saturday. Sunday. or any other day on which commercial banks in 
Amsterdam. The Netherlands. or New York. New York. United States, are authorized or required by applicable 
law to close. The Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) is not 
an extension of the Offer. A Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering 
Period) shall occur after we have accepted. and become obligated to pay for, all Shares that were validly tendered 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083537 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229721 
EFTA01383732

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383733.pdf
----------------------------------------
pursuant to the Offer and not properly withdrawn by the Expiration Time. in which sharehokiers may tender 
Shares not previously tendered pursuant to the Offer. Purchaser will announce additional details with respect to 
the Subsequent Offering Period (including any extension thereof) in accordance with applicable rules. regulations 
and interpretations of the SEC. In particular. Purchaser will announce the results of the tender offer, including the 
approximate number and percentage of securities deposited to date, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time. 
on the next business day after the day on which the Offer was otherwise scheduled to expire and immediately 
begin the Subsequent Offering Period. There will be no withdrawal rights during the Subsequent Offering Period 
(as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period): any Shares tendered will immediately be accepted 
by Purchaser and promptly paid for. Any shares tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be 
extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) will be acquired by Purchaser at the Offer Consideration. in cash. 
without interest and less applicable withholding taxes. Under no circumstance will interest be paid on the 
Offer Consideration paid pursuant to the Offer, regardless of any extension of the Offer, the Subsequent 
Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period), or any delay in making 
payment for Shares. 
As promptly as practicable following the closing of the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended 
by the Minority Exit Offering Period). Intel or Purchaser may effectuate or cause to be effectuated, at Intel's or 
Purchaser's election. the Post-Offer Reorganization. The Post-Offer Reorganization will utilize processes 
available to Purchaser under Dutch law to ensure that (a) Purchaser becomes the owner of all of Mobileye's 
business operations from and after the consummation of the Post-Offer Reorganization and (b) any Mobileye 
shareholders who do nor tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer (including during the Subsequent Offering 
Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period)) are offered or will receive the same 
consideration for their Shares as those shareholders who tendered their Shares pursuant to the Offer (including 
during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period)). without 
interest and less applicable withholding taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Compulsory 
Acquisition is implemented, then the Dutch Court will determine the price to be paid for the Shares. Although 
Intel and Purchaser will use their reasonable best efforts to cause the per Share price paid in the Compulsory 
Acquisition for the non-tendered Shares to be equal to the Offer Consideration, such price may be greater than. 
equal to. or less than the Offer Consideration. Such price may potentially be increased by the Dutch Statutory 
Interest. As a result of the Post-Offer Reorganization. Mobileye will either be liquidated or become wholly 
owned by Purchaser. 
Purchaser expressly reserves the right, in its sole discretion. subject to the terms and conditions of the 
Purchase Agreement and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, not to accept for payment any Shares if, 
at the Expiration Time, any of the conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied. See Section 15 —"Certain 
Conditions of the Offer." Under certain circumstances. Intel may terminate the Purchase Agreement and the 
Offer. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the Purchase Agreement is validly terminated pursuant 
to its terms. Purchaser will (and Intel shall cause Purchaser to) promptly (and in any event within 24 hours 
following such termination). irrevocably and unconditionally terminate the Offer and not acquire any Shares
pursuant to the Offer. 
Mobileye has provided Intel and Purchaser with the Mobileye shareholder list and security position listings 
for the purpose of disseminating this Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal, and other related 
materials to Mobileye shareholders. This Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal, together with the 
Schedule I4D-9, will be mailed to record holders of Shares whose names appear on the Mobileye shareholder list 
and will be furnished, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares, to brokers, dealers, commercial 
banks, trust companies, and other nominees whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the 
Mobileye shareholder list or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agency's security position 
listing for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083538 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229722 
EFTA01383733

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383734.pdf
----------------------------------------
case of Shares tendered by book-entry transfer into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility 
pursuant to the procedure set forth in Section 3 —"Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares." 
such Shares will be credited to an account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility), promptly following 
the expiration or termination of the Offer. 
All questions as to the validity. form. eligibility (including time of receipt), and acceptance for 
payment of any tender of Shares will be determined by Purchaser, in its sole discretion, which 
determination will be final and binding upon the tendering party. 
Shares tendered by a Notice of Guaranteed Delivery will not be deemed validly tendered for purposes 
of satisfying the Minimum Condition unless and until the Shares to which such Notice of Guaranteed 
Delivery relates are delivered to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Time. 
3. 
Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares. 
Tenders. In order for Shares to be validly tendered pursuant to the Offer. the Letter of Transmittal (or a 
manually signed facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature 
guarantees (or. in the case of a book-entry transfer. an Agent's Message in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal) and 
any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal must be received by the Depositary at one of its 
addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. and such Shares must be tendered pursuant to the 
procedure for book-entry transfer described below and a Book-Entry Confirmation must be received by the 
Depositary, in each case prior to the Expiration Time. 
The term "Agent's Message" means a message, transmitted by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to. and 
received by. the Depositary and forming a part of a Book-Entry Confirmation, stating that the Book-Entry 
Transfer Facility has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the Book-Entry Transfer 
Facility tendering Shares that are the subject of such Book-Entry Confirmation that such participant has received 
and agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that Purchaser may enforce such agreement 
against such participant. The term "Agent's Message" also includes any hard copy printout evidencing such 
message generated by a computer terminal maintained at the Depositary's office. 
Book-Entry Transfer. The Depositary will establish an account with respect to Shares at the Book-Entry 
Transfer Facility for purposes of the Offer within two business days after the date of this Offer to Purchase. Any 
financial institution that is a participant in the system of the Book-Entry Transfer Facility may make a book-entry 
delivery of Shares by causing the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to transfer such Shares into the Depositary's 
account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures for 
such transfer. However, although delivery of Shares may be effected through book-entry transfer at the Book-
Entry Transfer Facility, either the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, together with any 
required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message. and any other required documents, must, in any case, be 
received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the 
Expiration Time, or the tendering shareholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedure described 
below. Delivery of documents to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility does not constitute delivery to the 
Depositary. 
Guarantee of Signatures. No signature guarantee is required on the Letter of Transmittal if: (a) the Letter of 
Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) (which term, for purposes of this Section 3. includes any 
participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's system whose name appears on a security position listing as the 
owner of Shares) of Shares tendered therewith, unless such registered holder has completed either the box 
entitled "Special Delivery Instructions" or the box entitled "Special Payment instructions" on the Letter of 
Transmittal: or (b) Shares are tendered for the account of a financial institution (including most commercial 
banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a member of or participant in a recognized 
"Medallion Program" approved by the Securities Transfer Association Inc., including the Security Transfer 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083540 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229724 
EFTA01383734

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383735.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383735.pdf
----------------------------------------
For a withdrawal to be effective, a written or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely 
received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover page of this Offer to Purchase. Any 
such notice of withdrawal must specify the name of the person who tendered the Shares to be withdrawn. the 
number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of such Shares, if different from that of 
the person who tendered such Shares. If Shares have been tendered pursuant to the procedure for book-entry 
transfer as set forth in Section 3 —"Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares." any notice of 
withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be 
credited with the withdrawn Shares. 
If Purchaser extends the Offer, is delayed in its acceptance for payment of or payment (whether before or 
after its acceptance for payment for Shares) for Shares, or is unable to accept Shares for payment pursuant to the 
Offer for any reason, then, without prejudice to its rights under the Offer and the Purchase Agreement. the 
Depositary may retain tendered Shares on Purchaser's behalf, and such Shares may not be withdrawn except to 
the extent that tendering shareholders are entitled to withdrawal rights as described herein. 
Withdrawals of Shares may not be rescinded. Any Shares properly withdrawn will thereafter be deemed not 
to have been validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be re-tendered again by 
following one of the procedures described in Section 3 —"Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering 
Shares" at any time prior to the Expiration Time. 
No withdrawal rights will apply to Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be 
extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) and no withdrawal rights apply during the Subsequent Offering 
Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) with respect to Shares tendered in the Offer 
and accepted for payment. See Section 1 —'Terms of the Offer." 
Purchaser will determine, in its sole discretion, all questions as to the form and validity (including 
time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal. Purchaser also reserves the absolute right to waive any defect 
or irregularity in the withdrawal of any Shares by any particular shareholder, regardless of whether or 
not similar defects or irregularities are waived or not waived in the case of other shareholders. None of 
Purchaser, the Depositary, the information Agent. or any other person will be under any duty to give 
notice of any defects or irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give 
any such notification. Any determinations made by us with respect to the terms and conditions of the Offer 
may be challenged by Mobileye shareholders, to the extent permitted by law, and are subject to review by 
a court of competent jurisdiction. 
5. 
Certain Tax Consequences. 
5,1 Certain U.S. Federal Meanie Tax Consequences, 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Offer and the Post-Offer 
Reorganization to U.S. Holders (as defined below) of Mobileye whose Shares are tendered and accepted for 
payment pursuant to the Offer or whose Shares are not tendered but who receive cash in the Post-Offer 
Reorganization. The summary is based on current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as amended 
(the -Code"), existing. proposed. and temporary regulations thereunder and administrative and judicial 
interpretations thereof, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect and could affect the tax 
consequences described below. Purchaser has not sought, and does not currently intend to seek, any ruling from 
the IRS with respect to the statements made and the conclusions reached in the following summary, and no 
assurance can be given that the IRS will agree with the views expressed herein, or that a court will not sustain 
any challenge by the IRS in the event of litigation. 
The summary applies only to U.S. Holders who hold their Shares as capital assets within the meaning of 
Section 1221 of the Code. The summary is not a complete description of all of the tax consequences of the Offer 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083543 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229727 
EFTA01383735

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383736.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383736.pdf
----------------------------------------
or the Post-Offer Reorganization and in particular, does not address many of die tax considerations applicable to 
shareholders that may be subject to special tax rules, including, without limitation: banks, certain financial 
institutions or insurance companies; real estate investment trusts. regulated investment companies or grantor 
trusts; dealers or traders in securities, commodities or currencies; tax-exempt entities; certain former citizens or 
long-term residents of the United States; persons that received Shares as compensation for the performance of 
services; persons that hold Shares as part of a "hedging." "integrated." or "conversion" transaction or as a 
position in a "straddle" for U.S. federal income tax purposes; partnerships (including entities classified as 
partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes) or other pass-through entities, or holders that hold Shares 
through such an entity: S-corporations; persons whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; persons that 
own directly. indirectly, or through attribution 10% or more of the voting power or value of the outstanding 
Shares; or persons holding Shares in connection with a trade or business conducted outside the United States; 
controlled foreign corporations within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code; or passive foreign investment 
companies within the meaning of Section 1297 of the Code ("PFIC"). Moreover, this summary does not address 
the U.S. federal estate, gift. Medicare. alternative minimum tax, and any other applicable non-income tax laws. 
or any applicable state, local or non-U.S. tax laws. 
For purposes of this summary, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of Shares that, for US. 
federal income tax purposes. is (a) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States: (b) a 
corporation, or an entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized under 
the laws of die United States, or of any state or the District of Columbia: (c) an estate, the income of which is 
subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source: or (d) a trust. if (i) a court within the United States is 
able to exercise primary supervision over the trust's administration and one or more U.S. persons, within the 
meaning of Section 7701(aX30) of the Code, have authority to control all of the trust's substantial decisions or 
(ii) the trust has validly elected to be treated as a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
If a partnership, or any other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, holds 
Shares, the tax treatment of its partners generally will depend upon the status of the partner and the partnership's 
activities. Accordingly, partnerships or other entities treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
that hold Shares, and partners in those entities, are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the specific U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to them of the Offer and the Post-Offer Reorganization. 
WE URGE YOU TO CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX 
CONSEQUENCES TO YOU OF THE OFFER AND THE POST-OFFER REORGANIZATION. INCLUDING 
THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF FEDERAL. STATE, LOCAL, AND FOREIGN INCOME. AND 
OTHER TAX LAWS IN LIGHT OF YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES. 
The Receipt of Cash in Exchange for Shares Pursuant to the Offer. 
The exchange of Shares by U.S. Holders for cash pursuant to the Offer will be a taxable transaction for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. In general. a U.S. Holder who exchanges Shares for cash pursuant to the Offer will 
recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between 
the amount of cash received (determined before the deduction, if any, of any withholding tax) in exchange for 
Shares pursuant to the Offer and the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in such Shares. Any such gain or loss will 
be long-term capital gain or loss if a U.S. Holder's holding period for such Shares is more than one year. Long-
term capital gain recognized by certain non-corporate U.S. Holders, including individuals, is generally subject to 
U.S. federal income tax at preferential rates. The deductibility of a capital loss recognized pursuant to the Offer is 
subject to certain limitations. If a U.S. Holder acquired different blocks of Shares at different times or different 
prices, such U.S. Holder must determine its adjusted tax basis and holding period separately with respect to each 
block of Shares. 
The foregoing discussion assumes that Mobileye is not currently, and has not been, a PFIC for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. Mobileye believes it is not, and has not ever been, a PFIC. In general, the test for 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083544 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229728 
EFTA01383736

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383737.pdf
----------------------------------------
determining whether Mobileye is or has been a PFIC is applied annually and is based upon the composition of 
Mobileye's and certain of its affiliates' income and assets for such taxable year. If Mobileye were a PFIC in the 
current taxable year or in any prior taxable year in which the tendering U.S. Holder has held the Shares. then 
such U.S. Holder generally would be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences with respect to 
gain recognized on any sale or exchange of such Shares, including an exchange of such Shares pursuant to the 
Offer. unless such US. Holder has in effect certain elections, such as the mark-to-market election. U.S. Holders 
should consult their own tax advisors concerning whether Mobileye is or has been a PFIC for any given taxable 
year during which such U.S. Holder has owned Shares and the tax consequences of tendering Shares pursuant to 
the Offer. 
Receipt of Cash in Exchange for Shares Pursuant to the Post-Offer Reorganization. 
The U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Post-Offer Reorganization will depend on the exact 
manner in which it is carried out. However, if a U.S. Holder receives cash for Shares in the Compulsory 
Acquisition or the Second Step Distribution, the U.S. federal income tax consequences to such U.S. Holder 
would generally be the same as described above. Each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisor concerning 
the tax consequences of exchanging Shares pursuant to the Post-Offer Reorganization. 
Foreign Tax Credits 
In certain circumstances, a U.S. Holder may be subject to Israeli withholding or other taxes, as further 
described in Section 5B —"Certain Israeli Tax Aspects of the Offer and Post-Offer Reorganization." A U.S. 
Holder may be able to obtain a deduction or a credit for such tax: however, the calculation of deductions and U.S. 
foreign tax credits involves the application of complex rules and limitations may apply. U.S. Holders should 
consult their tax advisors as to whether these Israeli taxes, if imposed. may be creditable against the U.S. 
Holder's U.S. federal income tax on foreign-source income from other sources or are otherwise deductible, 
particularly in light of the fact that income recognized on the exchange of Shares pursuant to the offer or 
pursuant to the Post-Offer Reorganization will generally constitute U.S.-source income. 
Certain Israeli Tax Aspects of the Offer and Post-Offer Reorganization. 
The following is a summary of certain Israeli tax consequences of the Offer and the Post-Offer 
Reorganization to shareholders of Mobileye whose Shares are tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the 
Offer or whose Shares are not tendered but who receive cash in the Post-Offer Reorganization. The summary is 
based on current provisions of the Israel Income Tax Ordinance (New Version). 5721 — 1961 (the "Ordinance").
and regulations thereunder and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, all of which are subject to 
change. possibly with retroactive effect, and could affect the tax consequences described below. Mobileye and 
Purchaser obtained a ruling from the ITA with respect to withholding requirements under the Ordinance (the 
"Israel Withholding Tax Ruling"). The summary below provides a general description of certain terms and 
conditions of the Israel Withholding Tax Ruling. 
This summary is not a complete description of all the tax consequences of the Offer or the Post-Offer 
Reorganization and, in particular, does not address many of the tax considerations applicable to shareholders that 
may be subject to special tax rules or taxation under multiple tax jurisdictions. 
WE URGE YOU TO CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE SPECIFIC 
TAX CONSEQUENCES THAT THE OFFER AND THE POST-OH-ER REORGANIZATION WILL HAVE 
ON YOU. INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, AND 
FOREIGN INCOME, AND OTHER TAX LAWS IN VIEW OF YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083545 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229729 
EFTA01383737

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383738.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Receipt of Cash in Exchange for Shares Pursuant to the Offer. 
Generally, the receipt of cash in exchange for your Shares pursuant to the Offer (including during the 
Subsequent Offering Period, as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) or the Post-Offer 
Reorganization will be considered an Israeli source transaction for Israeli income tax purposes and may be 
subject to mandatory withholding requirements. 
Mobileye and Purchaser obtained the Israel Withholding Tax Ruling in order to exempt shareholders who 
are not Israeli residents. as determined under the Ordinance, from Israeli withholding tax obligations, subject to 
the conditions described below and the submission of non-Israeli residency declarations. The Shares held by 
Shareholders who do not tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer (including during the Subsequent Offering 
Period, as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) may be acquired by Purchaser in the 
Compulsory Acquisition. If such Shareholders have not submitted the required non-Israeli residency declaration 
by the time payment for such shares is made. Purchaser may need to withhold tax from the consideration payable 
to such Shareholders at the full default withholding rate pursuant to Israeli law. 
The exchange of Shares by an Israeli individual will generally be subject to tax at a rate of 25% on real 
capital gains derived from the sale of Shares, as long as the individual is not a "substantial shareholder" 
(generally a shareholder owning 10% or more of the right to profits, right to receive liquidation proceeds, right to 
nominate a director or voting rights, who will be subject to tax at a rate of 30% in respect of real capital gains 
derived from the sale of Shares). The determination of whether an individual is a substantial shareholder will be 
made on the date that the Shares are sold. In addition, an individual will be deemed to be a substantial 
shareholder if at any time during the 12 months preceding such date he or she had been a substantial shareholder. 
A shareholder who purchased Shares prior to our initial public offering may be subject to tax at a higher tax rate. 
depending on the date of acquisition of the Shares and the shareholder's specific circumstances. 
Individuals whose annual income or gain exceeds NIS 640,000 will be charged an additional surcharge tax 
at a rate of 3% on the annual income or gain exceeding such amount. Individual shareholders whose income from 
the sale of securities is deemed business income are taxed at their respective marginal tax rates applicable to 
business income (up to 50%, including the additional tax described in the preceding paragraph). 
An Israeli corporate shareholder will be subject to corporate tax, with respect to the gain derived from the 
exchange of its Shares, at a rate of 24%. 
The exchange of Shares by non-Israeli resident shareholders for cash pursuant to the Offer can be exempt 
from Israeli capital gains tax subject to certain conditions stated in the Ordinance, and provided such gains do not 
derive from a permanent establishment of such shareholder in Israel. However. non-Israeli entities will not be 
entitled to such exemption if Israeli residents (i) own (directly or indirectly). alone or together with others, a 
controlling interest of more than 25% of any of the means of control in such non-Israeli entity, or (ii) are the 
beneficiaries of or entitled to 25% or more of the revenues or profits of such non-Israeli entity, directly or 
indirectly. 
In addition, a sale of securities by a non-Israeli resident may be exempt from Israeli capital gains tax under 
the provisions of an applicable tax treaty. 
The Israel Withholding Tax Ruling provides, among other things. that (1) payments made to non-Israeli 
brokers with respect to tendering Mobileye shareholders who certify that they (a) hold less than 5% of the 
outstanding Mobileye shares. (b) acquired their Mobileye shares on or after January I, 2009, and (c) are 
currently, and at the time they acquired their Mobileye shares. non-Israeli residents for Israeli tax purposes. and 
provide the requited signed declarations to such effect, will be exempt from Israeli withholding taxi (2) payments 
made to eligible Israeli brokers or Israeli financial institutions with respect to tendering Mobileye shareholders 
who hold less than 5% of the outstanding Mobikye shares and acquired their Mobileye shares on or after January 
1, 2009, will be exempt from Israeli withholding tax by the Purchaser, and the relevant Israeli broker or Israeli 
financial institution will withhold Israeli tax, as required under Israeli law: and (3) payments made with respect 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083546 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229730 
EFTA01383738

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383739.pdf
----------------------------------------
to tendering Mobileye shareholders not described in sections (I) and (2) above will be subject to Israeli 
withholding tax (generally at the rate of 25% for individuals and 24% for corporations), unless they provide a 
valid certificate issued by the ITA providing for an exemption from withholding or for a reduced withholding tax 
rate that will be in effect as of the date of actual payment for the sale of Mobileye shares. According to the terms 
of the Israel Withholding Tax Ruling, such valid certificate must specifically relate to the sale of Mobileye shares 
and a general exemption for "services and assets" may not be relied upon for an exemption or reduced rate of 
withholding. Once the closing occurs and the sale of Mobileye shares is confirmed, there will be no further 
opportunity to provide a valid certificate or remedy any deficiencies in a certificate that has already been 
provided. including in the event that a certificate limited in time is no longer in effect as of the date of payment. 
Receipt of Cash in Exchange for Shares Pursuant to the Post-Offer Reorganization. 
The Israeli tax consequences of the Post-Offer Reorganization imposed on Mobileye shareholders in respect 
of the Second Step Distribution may be different from, and greater than, the taxes imposed upon such 
shareholders of Mobileye had they tendered their Shares pursuant to the Offer (including during the Subsequent 
Offering Period, as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period), and may be subject to additional 
withholding tax requirements. Mobileye and Purchaser have filed an application for the he-Wired Asset Sale 
Ruling, which, if obtained, may provide that a shareholder receiving cash in the Second Step Distribution would 
generally be treated for Israeli tax purposes as described above. 
6. Price Range of Shares: Dividends. 
The Shares currently trade on the NYSE under the ticker symbol "MBLY." Mobileye has advised Intel and 
Purchaser that, as of the close of business on March 31. 2017. (a) 222.411,106 Shares were outstanding. 
(b) 28,435.593 Shares were subject to Mobileye Options (as defined below) and (c) 1,002.756 Shares were 
subject to Mobileye RSUs (as defined below) granted and outstanding under Mobileye's benefits plans. 
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sale prices pe• Share for each 
quarterly period within the three preceding fiscal years. as reported on the NYSE. 
Year Ended December 31, 2014 
Ifigh 
Low 
Third Quarter (from August 1, 2014. date of IPO) 
$58.61 
$31.11 
Fourth Quarter 
$60.28 
$39.25 
Year Ended December 31, 2015 
First Quarter 
$45.05 
$32.41 
Second Quarter 
$55.84 
$40.01 
Third Quarter 
$64.48 
$41.08 
Fourth Quarter 
$52.00 
$39.18 
Year Ended December 31. 2016 
First Quarter 
$4174 
$23.57 
Second Quarter 
$49.00 
$33.93 
Third Quarter 
$51.15 
$41.01 
Fourth Quarter 
$43.20 
$33.69 
Year ended December 31, 2017 
First Quarter 
$61.51 
$38.67 
Se.•ond Quarter (through April 4, 2017) 
$61.49 
$61.15 
On March 10, 2017, the last full trading day prior to the public announcement of the signing of the Purchase 
Agreement, the reported closing price of the Shares on the NYSE was $47.27 per Share. On April 4. 2017. the 
last full trading day before the commencement of the Offer, the reported closing price of the Shares on the NYSE 
was $61.40 per Shan. Shareholders are urged to obtain a current market quotation for the Shares. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083547 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229731 
EFTA01383739

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383740.pdf
----------------------------------------
10. Background of the Offer; Past Contacts or Negotiations with Mobileye. 
The following chronology summarizes the key meetings and events between representatives of Intel and 
Purchaser and representatives of Mobileye that led to the signing of the Purchase Agreement. The following 
chronology does not purport to catalogue every conversation among representatives of Intel, Purchaser and 
Mobileye. For a review of Mobileye's additional activities relating to these contacts, please refer to Mobileye's 
Schedule 140-9 being mailed to Mobileye shareholders with this Offer to Purchase. For purposes of this 
discussion, "Intel" refers to Intel and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including but not limited to Purchaser. 
The following chronology summarizes the key meetings and other events between representatives of Intel 
and representatives of Mobileye during the period preceding the signing of the Purchase Agreement For a review 
of Mobileye's additional key events that led to the signing of the Purchase Agreement, please refer to Mobileye's 
Schedule 14D-9 being mailed to Mobileye's shareholders with this Schedule TO and Offer to Purchase. 
In the ordinary course of its business, Intel seeks to create value for its stockholders by. among other things. 
enhancing its product offerings and developing a portfolio of differentiated products. As part of this initiative. 
Intel's senior management team regularly considers, evaluates and discusses with the board of directors of Intel 
(the "Intel Board") potential transactions and collaborations that align with Intel's businesses, strategic direction 
and ongoing business development plans. Intel has had commercial dealings with Mobileye for some time. 
including as part of the collaboration among BMW Group. Intel and Mobileye established on July I. 2016 and 
aimed at creating an industry standard and defining a platform for autonomous driving that would address 
Level 3 to Level 5 autonomous driving and be made available to car vendors. During the course of Intel's 
evaluations and in consideration of prior dealings with Mobileye. Intel identified Mobileye as a potential 
acquisition candidate that could enhance Intel's technology offerings within the automotive segment. 
On September 13, 2016, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Intel Board, Doug Davis, Senior Vice 
President and General Manager of Intel's Automated Driving Group, gave a presentation on Intel's Internet of 
Things group and Intel's new Autonomous Driving Group and described Intel's ongoing collaboration 
arrangements with BMW Group and Mobileye. At this time, David Yoffie, a member of the Intel Board, 
identified to the Intel Board a potential personal conflict of interest arising from serving as an advisor to 
Mobileye (as described in Section 8 —"Certain information Concerning Intel and Purchaser"). At such meeting, 
members of the Intel Board asked Brian Krzanich, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Intel, to consider 
further opportunities for Intel to expand its efforts in the automotive industry. Thereafter, Mr. Krzanich directed 
Wendell Brooks, Senior Vice President of Intel and President of Intel Capital. to conduct an initial evaluation of 
Mobileye's businesses, operations. and financial performance based on publicly available information. 
On October 6, 2016. some members of the Intel Board met with Intel management to hear a presentation on 
a potential strategic transaction with Mobileye. At the end of the discussion, such members of the Intel Board 
requested that Mr. Brooks prepare a presentation to be given to the full Intel Board at its meeting on 
November 16. 2016 regarding a potential strategic transaction with Mobileye. 
During the course of October, November, and December 2016 and January 2017, Intel management, 
together with representatives from Bain & Company Inc., engaged by Intel to conduct market research on the 
environment in which Mobileye operates ("Bath"). Citigroup Global Markets Inc., a financial advisor to Intel 
(tie), and Rothschild inc., a financial advisor to Intel ("Rothschild"), initiated a comprehensive evaluation of 
Mobileye's businesses, operations. and fmancial performance based on publicly available information and 
engaged in discussions and meetings regarding Mobileye. Skadden, Arps, Slate. Meagher & Flom LLP 
("Skadden"), counsel to Intel, also participated in certain of those discussions and meetings. 
On November 16. 2016. Mr. Brooks gave a presentation to the Intel Board, at a regularly scheduled 
meeting, on the drivers for a potential strategic transaction with Mobileye and the proposed structure of such a 
transaction. At this meeting, the Intel Board authorized management to engage in preliminary discussions with 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083551 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229735 
EFTA01383740

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383741.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mobikye around the possibility of entering into a strategic transaction with Mobikye. As a result of the potential 
personal conflict that Mr. Yoffie had previously disclosed. Mr. Yoffie did not attend this portion of the Intel 
Board meeting and recused himself from this and any subsequent discussions relating to. and any vote of the 
Intel Board regarding. any potential strategic transaction with Mobileye. Mr. Yoffie also did not receive or 
review any documents relating to the potential strategic transaction with Mobileye in connection with this 
meeting or subsequent Intel Board meetings. 
On November 27. 2016. Professor Shashua, Co-Founder. Chief Technology Officer and Chairman of 
Mobileye. and Erez Dagan, Senior VP Advanced Development & Strategy of' Mobileye, met in Munich. 
Germany with Mr. Krzanich, Mr. Brooks and Mr. Davis. for various business discussions. It was at this meeting 
that Intel's representatives first expressed an interest in a potential strategic transaction with Mobileye. Professor 
Shashua explained that Mobileye was not interested in pursuing such discussions at such time. Professor Shashua 
met again with Mr. Brooks and Mr. Davis on November 29. 2016 to discuss the business of Mobileye in more 
detail. At this meeting. Professor Shashua asked Intel to defer any follow-up conversation until after the 
Consumer Electronics Show (commonly known as CES), an annual trade show organized by the Consumer 
Technology Association that is held every January in Las Vegas. In these discussions, Professor Shashua 
expressed his view that in order for a strategic transaction to be considered by the Mobileye Board, the price per 
Share to be paid by Intel would have to be greater than the all-time highest price at which the Shares had traded 
in the past. 
On December 7. 2016. Professor Shashua and Mr. Brooks corresponded regarding the business and 
operations of Mobileye. Professor Shashua responded to Mr. Brooks' basic due diligence questions regarding 
Mobileye's business via this correspondence. 
On January 5. 2017. Professor Shashua met with Mr. Krzanich and Mr. Brooks at the 2017 CES Conference. 
They discussed Intel's interest in a potential strategic transaction on a preliminary basis, though no price per 
Share was discussed at this time. 
On January 19. 2017, Mr. Brooks gave a presentation to the Intel Board, at a regularly scheduled meeting. 
regarding Intel's proposed strategy with respect to Intel's Automated Driving Group and automotive technology. 
generally, including a discussion of the potential acquisition by Intel of Mobileye. The Intel Board authorized 
Intel management to continue its review of a potential strategic transaction, to continue discussions with 
Mobileye regarding a potential acquisition of Mobileye. and to make a non-binding acquisition proposal. 
Following this meeting and at various times in the month of January 2017, representatives of Intel engaged with 
Bain, Citi and Rothschild. as well as Skadden. Houthoff Buruma. Intel's Dutch Counsel ("Houthoff'). and Yigal 
Anion & Co.. Intel's Israeli counsel ("Yigal"). to further develop a strategy for engaging with Mobileye in 
discussions around the potential strategic transaction and to discuss potential structures for any such potential 
strategic transaction. 
On January 20, 2017. Mr. Brooks phoned Professor Shashua to inform him that the Intel Board had 
approved the commencement of formal discussions with Mobileye to pursue a potential strategic transaction. 
On January 27, 2017, Mr. Krzanich and Mr. Brooks met with Professor Shashua and Mr. Aviram, 
Mobileye's Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer, in New York to discuss preliminarily the general outline of 
a potential strategic transaction, process. and timeline. At this meeting, Intel's representatives preliminarily 
suggested an all cash purchase price per Share of $60 in a transaction providing for the acquisition of 100% of 
the Shares, although no agreement regarding price was reached. Mobileye's representatives indicated to Intel's 
representatives that they did not expect the offer from Intel to be sufficient, but would discuss the offer with the 
Mobileye Board. 
On January 30, 2017, Mr. AVif3M indicated to Mr. Brooks that, based on preliminary discussions among 
Mr. Aviram and certain members of the Mobileye Board, an all cash purchase price per Share of $70 in a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083552 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229736 
EFTA01383741

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383742.pdf
----------------------------------------
transaction providing for the acquisition of 100% of the Shares would be appropriate. Intel's and Mobileye's 
representatives then deferred price discussions until further discussions around the proposed transaction and the 
structure of the proposed transaction could be addressed between the parties and their respective representatives. 
On February I. 2017, in order to further discussions of a potential acquisition of Mobileye by Intel. Intel and 
Mobileye entered into a transaction letter containing exclusivity provisions and a confidentiality agreement (each 
described in more detail in Section II —"The Purchase Agreement: Other Agreements" under the headings 
"Transaction Letter" and "Confidentiality Agreement." respectively). 
From February I. 2017 to February 3. 2017. representatives of Intel and Mobileye corresponded and held 
conference calls regarding the timing and structure of the proposed transaction. 
On February 3. 2017. Intel and its legal counsel, its financial advisors, and Bain were given access to a 
virtual data room containing confidential information about Mobileye. During the following weeks and through 
March I2. 2017. Intel and its representatives continued their comprehensive evaluation of Mobileye's businesses. 
operations, and financial performance based on both publicly available information and due diligence materials 
provided by Mobileye in the virtual data room and engaged in various discussions and meetings regarding 
Mobileye. During that time period. Skadden. Houthoff. and Yigal also participated in many discussions and 
meetings with Intel and its other representatives. 
On February 4. 2017, Skadden delivered an initial draft of the Purchase Agreement to Morrison & Foerster 
UP, Mobileye's counsel ("Morrison & Foerster") (described in more detail in Section I I —"The Purchase 
Agreement; Other Agreements.' under the heading "The Purchase Agreement"). The patties exchanged drafts of 
the Purchase Agreement and other documents through the signing of the Purchase Agreement and ancillary 
agreements on March 12. 2017. 
On February 9. 2017 and February 10. 2017, representatives of Intel's management, Skadden, Bain. Citi. 
and Rothschild and representatives of Mobileye's management. Morrison & Foerster, and Van Campen Liem, 
Mobileye's Dutch counsel ("Van Campen"), met at Skadden's New York offices to discuss structuring and 
conditionality issues regarding the proposed transaction. Representatives of Intel's management and Skadden and 
representatives of Mobileye's management. Morrison & Foerster. and Van Campen also met to discuss the initial 
draft of the Purchase Agreement delivered by Skadden on February 4. 2017 and principal areas in which the 
parties' views diverged as well as structural matters with respect to the proposed transaction. Mr. Brooks 
confirmed during those meetings that Intel would fund the proposed transaction through cash available on Intel's 
balance sheet. 
On February 10, 2017, Skadden delivered an initial draft of the form of Tender and Support Agreement to 
Morrison & Foerster (described in more detail in Section 11 —"The Purchase Agreement: Other Agreements" 
under the heading 'lender and Support Agreements" respectively) and Morrison & Foerster sent Skadden a 
revised draft of the Purchase Agreement. 
On February 11. 2017. Professor Shashua made a presentation to representatives of Intel (including Intel's 
third party representatives), which included an overview of Mobileye's business, operations. and strategy. 
On February 12, 2017. representatives of Intel's management and Skadden and representatives of 
Mobileye's management and Morrison & Foerster met to discuss the response draft of the Purchase Agreement 
provided by Morrison & Foerster to Skadden on February 10. 2017. 
During the week of February 13. 2017, Skadden and Morrison & Forester exchanged drafts of the other 
transaction documents and engaged in multiple discussions regarding the Purchase Agreement and the other 
transaction documents with the additional participation of representatives of Intel's and Mobileye's management, 
Houthoff, Yigal, Van Campen, and Goldfarb Seligman & Co., Mobileye's Israeli counsel ("Goldfarb"). The 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083553 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229737 
EFTA01383742

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383743.pdf
----------------------------------------
outstanding issues at this time included, among other things. (a) whether Mobileye would grant Purchaser a 
strategic investment option to purchase up to 15% of the shares of Mobileye. (b) whether Mobileye's Board 
would be entitled to terminate the Purchase Agreement in order to enter into an alternative acquisition agreement 
with respect to a superior proposal. (c) the "tail" period under the Tender and Support Agreements after 
termination of the Purchase Agreement. during which the signatories of the Tender and Support Agreements 
would continue to be bound by certain provisions of such agreements. (d) which of Mobileye's insiders would be 
required to enter into Tender and Support Agreements. (e) the definition of "Company Material Adverse Effect" 
and the related Offer Conditions, (f) Intel's level of required effort in order to obtain regulatory approvals, and 
(g) Mobileye's request for reverse termination compensation. and Intel's request for termination compensation. 
and the circumstances under which these amounts would become payable. 
From February 16. 2017 to February 18. 2017. representatives of Intel's management. Skadden and 
Houthoff met with representatives of Mobileye's management and Morrison & Foerster at the New York offices 
of Skadden to continue to discuss the remaining outstanding issues between the parties and several open due 
diligence items. Such discussions confirmed that there remained significant gaps between the parties. including 
with respect to (a) Intel's request for a strategic investment option to purchase up to 15% of the Share; of 
Mobileye. (b) the termination triggers for the Tender and Support Agreements requested by Intel. (c) the 
definition of "Company Material Adverse Effect," (d) the triggers for the payment of termination compensation 
by Mobileye. and (e) the treatment of Mobileye Options and Mobileye RSUs. 
On February 20. 2017. representatives of Intel's management provided an update to the Intel Board which 
included a preliminary review of the potential merits of the proposed transaction, the potential reaction of 
stockholders and the general status of the negotiation of the Purchase Agreement and other transaction 
documents with Mobileye and its representatives, as well as on matters reviewed in connection with the due 
diligence review process. Also on February 20. 2017. Skadden sent Morrison & Foerster a revised draft of the 
Purchase Agreement. 
On February 22. 2017, Mobileye issued its earnings release for the fourth quarter of 2016 and the full year 
2016. 
From February 24, 2017 through February 26. 2017. representatives of Intel's management, Skadden, and 
Houthoff held meetings with representatives of Mobileye's management. Morrison & Foerster. and Van Campen 
at the New York offices of Skadden to negotiate the remaining outstanding issues between the parties. There 
remained significant gaps between the parties, including with respect to the definition of "Company Material 
Adverse Effect," the deal protection mechanisms and certain other important provisions. In connection with these 
discussions, on February 24. 2017. Morrison & Foerster sent Skadden further revised drafts of the Purchase 
Agreement and the form of Tender and Support Agreement. Following these additional negotiations, it was 
agreed. among other things. that (a) Intel would not be granted a strategic investment option but would be 
granted the right to purchase such number of newly issued ordinary share of Mobileye so as to increase 
Purchaser's ownership by 15% of the total ownership of ordinary shares of Mobileye after giving effect to such 
purchase, which could only be exercised following the expiration of the Offer and the acceptance for payment by 
Purchaser of all Shares validly tendered (referred to in the Purchase Agreement as the -Call Option"). (13) a 
fiduciary termination right of the Mobileye Board would be included in the Purchase Agreement. (c) Mobileye 
would not pay any termination compensation in the event the Purchase Agreement were terminated as a result of 
a superior proposal. (d) for an alternative acquisition proposal to constitute a superior proposal the topping bid 
would be required to be a cash bid for an amount per Share at least 10% higher than Purchaser's offer price, and 
(e) Intel would not pay any termination compensation in the event the proposed transaction were not to be 
consummated due to the failure to receive antitrust clearances. 
On February 26. 2017. Intel delivered to Mobileye an initial draft of the form of Non-Competition 
Agreement to be entered into with key Mobileye executives in favor of Intel providing for a five-year non-
competition period (as defined and described in more detail in Section l I —"The Purchase Agreement; Other 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083554 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229738 
EFTA01383743

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383744.pdf
----------------------------------------
Agreements" under the heading "Non-Competition Agreement"). On February 26. 2017. Skadden also delivered 
to Morrison & Foerster revised drafts of the Purchase Agreement and the form of Tender and Support 
Agreement. 
On February 27. 2017. Morrison & Foerster delivered an initial draft of the confidential disclosure letter to 
the Purchase Agreement to Skadden. During the subsequent several days. representatives of Mobileye's 
management and Morrison & Foerster engaged in several calls with representatives of Intel's management and 
Skadden to address questions on the confidential disclosure letter. 
On February 28. 2017. representatives of the Mobileye's management. Intel's management, and 
representatives of Morrison & Foerster and Skadden held a conference call to discuss certain intellectual property 
due diligence matters. Also on February 28. 2017. Morrison & Foerster sent Skadden revised drafts of the 
Purchase Agreement and the form of Tender and Support Agreement. 
On March 3, 2017. Skadden sent Morrison & Foerster a revised draft of the form of Tender and Support 
Agreement. 
On March 5, 2017. Morrison & Foerster sent Skadden a further revised draft of the Purchase Agreement. 
On March 7.2017 and March 8. 2017. Skadden and Morrison & Foerster exchanged revised drafts of the 
Purchase Agreement. 
On March 8. 2017. Mr. Krzanich and Professor Shashua had a call during which Mr. Krzanich orally 
delivered a non-binding proposal to acquire all of the Shares for a price of $63.15 per Share in cash. 
On March 9. 2017. Professor Shashua indicated on a call with Mr. Knanich that the Mobileye Board would 
require a higher price per Share than $63.15 in cash in order to approve Mobileye's entry into the Purchase 
Agreement. Also on March 9. 2017, Morrison & Foerster sent Skadden a revised draft of the Purchase 
Agreement. 
On March 10. 2017. Mr. Krzanich reported to Professor Shashua that he was prepared to recommend to the 
Intel Board an increased price of $63.54 per Share in cash. During such discussion. Mr. Krzanich also requested 
that Professor Shashua commit to a three-year non-competition agreement with Intel and that Professor Shashua 
be subject to certain financial penalties in case Professor Shashua were to voluntarily terminate his employment 
relationship with Intel prior to the three-year anniversary of the Offer Closing. Following such discussions. on 
March W. 2017. Intel delivered to Mobileye a revised draft of the Non-Competition Agreement to be entered into 
by Professor Shashua and an addendum to Professor Shashua s employment agreement with Mobileye, to be 
effective on the closing of the Offer (as described in more detail in Section 11 —"The Purchase Agreement: 
Other Agreements" under the heading "Employment Agreement Addendum"). 
On March 11. 2017. Mr. ICnanich and Professor Shashua discussed further heel's pricing proposal and 
Professor Shashua expressed his preliminary support for the revised offer made by Mr. Krzanich on behalf of 
Intel. On the same date, Mr. Krzanich agreed to retract the request that Professor Shashua be subject to financial 
penalties in the event that he were to terminate voluntarily his employment relationship with Intel prior to a 
three-year anniversary of the Offer Closing in exchange for Professor Shashua's agreement to postpone the 
vesting schedule applicable to certain of his options and restricted share units, if any. Mr. Krzanich also 
reaffirmed Intel's position with respect to Professor Shashua entering into the Non-Competition Agreement with 
and in favor of Intel. Also on March 11, 2017, Skadden sent Morrison & Foerster a revised draft of the Purchase 
Agreement. 
Also on March II. 2017, the Intel Board held a meeting that was attended by members of Intel's 
management team and representatives of Skadden, Citi, and Rothschild. During this meeting. the Intel Board was 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083555 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229739 
EFTA01383744

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383745.pdf
----------------------------------------
provided with an update regarding discussions with Mobileye and reviewed the material terms and conditions of 
the Purchase Agreement and other transaction documents. The Intel Board was reminded of its fiduciary duties 
under Delaware law. At the conclusion of that meeting, following discussions and deliberations, the Intel Board 
unanimously (other than Mr. Yoffie. who did not participate in the meeting to avoid any potential conflict of 
interest arising from serving as an advisor to Mobileye (as described in Section 8 —"Certain Information 
Concerning Intel and Purchaser")) determined that the proposed acquisition of Mobileye by Intel was advisable 
and in the best interests of Intel, its shareholders, and Purchaser. 
On March 12. 2017. Mobileye informed Intel that its proposal had been accepted by the Mobileye Board 
and the definitive Purchase Agreement and the other transaction documents had been approved and Professor 
Shashua executed the Non-Competition Agreement and the Employment Agreement Addendum related to the 
vesting terms of certain of his options and restricted share units. 
Later in the day on March 12. 2017. Skadden circulated execution copies of the Purchase Agreement and the 
Tender and Support Agreements. Shortly after the distribution of execution copies. Intel. Cyclops. and Mobileye 
executed the Purchase Agreement. and Intel, Cyclops. Professor Shashua. and Mr. Aviram executed the Tender 
and Support Agreements. 
On March 13. 2017, before the opening of U.S. trading markets. Intel and Mobileye issued a joint press 
release announcing the execution of the transaction documents. 
For more information on the Purchase Agreement and the other agreements between Mobileye and Intel, 
Purchaser, and their respective related parties. see Section 8 —"Certain Information Concerning Intel and 
Purchaser." Section 9 —"Source and Amount of Funds" and Section 11 - -The Purchase Agreement; Other 
Agreements." 
11. The Purchase Agreement; Other Agreements. 
The Purchase Agreement 
The following summary of certain provisions of the Purchase Agreement. and all other provisions of the 
Purchase Agreement discussed herein, are qualified by reference to the Purchase Agreement itself which is filed 
as Exhibit (d)ll) to the Schedule TO filed with the SEC in connection with the Offer and is incorporated herein 
by reference. The Purchase Agreement may be examined and copies may be obtained at the places and in the 
manner set forth in Section 8 —"Certain information Concerning Intel and Purchaser." Shareholders and other 
interested parties should read the Purchase Agreement for a more complete description of the provisions 
summarized below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the respective meanings set 
forth in the Purchase Agreement. 
This summary of the Purchase Agreement has been included to provide investors with information 
regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual disclosures about Purchaser, Mobileye, or 
their respective affiliates. The Purchase Agreement contains representations, warranties. agreements, and 
covenants that are the product of negotiations among the parties thereto and made to. and solely for the benefit 
of each other as of specified dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties, agreements, 
and covenants are subject to qualifications and limitations agreed to by the respective parties and are also 
qualified in imponaiu pan by a confidential disclosure letter delivered by Mobile)? to Purchaser in connection 
with the Purchase Agreement. The representations, warranties, agreements, and covenants in the Purchase 
Agreement were made for the purpose of allocating contractual risk between the parties thereto and governing 
contractual rights and relationships between the panics thereto instead of establishing these matters as facts, 
and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those 
applicable to security holders of Intel or Mobileye. in reviewing the representations, warranties, agreements and 
covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement or any descriptions thereof in this Section II, it is important to 
bear in mind that such representations, warranties, agreements, and covenants or any descriptions thereof were 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083556 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229740 
EFTA01383745

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383746.pdf
----------------------------------------
satisfied within such 10 business day extension period. then Purchaser will be permitted to extend 
the Offer on such occasion for up to 20 business days: 
if the sole remaining unsatisfied condition to the Offer is the Minimum Condition and the Pre-
Wired Asset Sale Ruling (as defined below) has been obtained, or Intel determines in its 
reasonable judgment that the Pre-Wired Asset Sale Ruling will not be received. Purchaser will not 
be required to extend the Offer for more than two occasions in consecutive periods of 10 business 
days each (or such other duration as may be agreed to by Intel. Purchaser, and Mobileye): and 
• 
Purchaser is not required to extend the Offer beyond the End Date. 
Following the Acceptance Time. Purchaser will provide for the Subsequent Offering Period of at least 10 
business days in accordance with Rule 144-11 under the Exchange Act and in accordance with the Purchase 
Agreement. For purposes of the Offer, a "business day" means a day, other than Saturday. Sunday or other day 
on which commercial banks in Amsterdam. The Netherlands. or New York. New York. United States, are 
authorized or required by applicable law to close. The Subsequent Offering Period is not an extension of the 
Offer. The Subsequent Offering Period would be an additional period of time, following the Expiration Time, in 
which shareholders may tender Shares previously tendered pursuant to the Offer. Purchaser will announce 
additional details with respect to the Subsequent Offering Period in accordance with applicable rules, regulations 
and interpretations of the SEC. In the event that prior to the expiration of the Subsequent Offering Period. 
Purchaser or one of its affiliates elects to exercise the Call Option or effectuate the Asset Sale. Purchaser will 
extend the Subsequent Offering Period for the Minority Exit Offering Period of at least five business days. There 
will be no withdrawal rights during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit 
Offering Period) and any Shares tendered will immediately be accepted and promptly paid for. Any shares 
tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) 
will be acquired by Purchaser at the Offer Consideration, in cash, without interest and less applicable 
withholding taxes. Under no circumstance will Interest be paid on the Offer Consideration paid pursuant to 
the Offer, regardless of any extension of the Offer, the Subsequent Offering Period (as It may be extended 
by the Minority Exit Offering Period), or any delay in making payment for Shares. 
Treatment of Mobileye Equity Awards. At the Offer Closing, each Mobileye RSU that is outstanding as of 
immediately prior to the Offer Closing and either (a) held by a person other than a Continuing Employee, 
whether vested or unvested. (b) vested in accordance with the terms of the applicable Mobileye equity 
compensation plan and award agreement evidencing such Mobileye RSU as of immediately prior to the Offer 
Closing and for which Shares have not yet been issued, (c) that, in the absence of the Offer and the other 
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. would become vested within two years following the 
Offer Closing and are held by a Continuing Employee whose employment or service with Mobileye commenced 
prior to the date of the Purchase Agreement, or (d) is subject to accelerated vesting solely as a result of the 
completion of the Offer and the other transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement in accordance with 
the terms thereof (each, a "Terminating RSU"). will, without any action on the pan of Intel. Purchaser. Mobileye, 
the holder thereof, or any other person. be accelerated and converted into and will become a right to receive an 
amount in cash, without interest equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the Offer Consideration by 
(y) the total number of Shares subject to such Mobileye RSU. Any such payment with respect to a Terminating 
RSU shall be subject to all applicable federal, state, and local tax withholding requirements, and, with respect to 
Israeli employees, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Israel Equity Tax Ruling. if obtained. 
At the Offer Closing, each Mobileye RSU that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Offer Closing 
and that is not a Terminating RSU will, without any action on the part of Intel. Purchaser. Mobileye. the holder 
thereof, or any other person. be converted into an equity award subject to the same terms and conditions 
applicable to such Mobileye RSU (including the same vesting schedule and terms regarding acceleration and 
forfeiture upon termination of employment or service) immediately prior to the Offer Closing with respect to a 
number of shares of common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole share) of Intel equal to (a) the number of 
Shares subject to such Mobileye RSU immediately prior to the Offer Closing multiplied by (b) the quotient 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083558 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229742 
EFTA01383746

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383747.pdf
----------------------------------------
obtained by dividing (x) the Offer Consideration by (y) the average closing price of the common stock of Intel on 
the NASDAQ for the five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding the date of 
the Offer Closing (such quotient, the "Equity Award Adjustment Ratio"). The terms and conditions applicable to 
certain of these Mobileye RSUs will be modified us agreed to by the parties on the date of the Purchase 
Agreement. 
At the Offer Closing, each Mobileye Option that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Offer Closing 
and either (a) held by a person other than a Continuing Employee, whether vested or unvested. (b) held by a 
person identified by the parties on the date of the Purchase Agreement. whether vested or unvested. (c) vested in 
accordance with the terms of the applicable Mobileye equity compensation plan and award agreement evidencing 
such Mobileye Option as of immediately prior to the Offer Closing. (d) that, in the absence of the Offer and the 
other transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. would become vested within two years following 
the Offer Closing and are held by a Continuing Employee whose employment or service with Mobileye 
commenced prior to the date of the Purchase Agreement, or (e) is subject to accelerated vesting solely as a result 
of the completion of the Offer and the other transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement in accordance 
with the terms thereof (of which there are none), will, without any action on the part of Intel, Purchaser, 
Mobileye, the holder thereof, or any other person. be accelerated (if required) and converted into and will 
become a right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product of (x) the excess, if any, of the 
Offer Consideration over the applicable per Share exercise price of such Mobileye Option multiplied by (y) the 
number of Shares subject to such Mobileye Option. Each Mobileye Option described in the prior sentence is 
referred to herein as a "Terminating Option?' Each Terminating Option that is outstanding and unexercised 
immediately prior to the Offer Closing that has an exercise price equal to or greater than the Offer Consideration 
will be cancelled as of the Offer Closing without consideration therefor. and the holder of such Terminating 
Option will cease to have any rights with respect thereto. Any such payment with respect to a Terminating 
Option shall be subject to all applicable federal, state, and local tax withholding requirements, and, with respect 
to Israeli employees, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Israel Equity Tax Ruling, if obtained. 
At the Offer Closing, each Mobileye Option that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Offer Closing 
and that is not a Terminating Option, will, without any action on the part of Intel, Purchaser, Mobileye, the 
holder thereof, or any other person, be converted into an option to purchase, subject to the same terms and 
conditions as applied to such Mobileye Option (including the same vesting schedule and terms regarding 
acceleration and forfeiture upon termination of employment or service) immediately prior to the Offer Closing, a 
number of shares of common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole share) of Intel equal to (w) the number of 
Shares subject to such Mobileye Option immediately prior to the Offer Closing multiplied by (x) the Equity 
Award Adjustment Ratio, with an exercise price per share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to (y) the 
exercise price per Share for which such Mobileye Option was exercisable immediately prior to the Offer Closing 
divided by (z) the Equity Award Adjustment Ratio. The terms and conditions applicable to certain of these 
Mobileye Options will be modified as agreed to by the parties on the date of the Purchase Agreement. 
Ertraordinary General Meeting. Mobileye has agreed to hold the EGM to: 
(a) provide information regarding the Offer: 
(b) adopt one or more resolutions effective upon the Acceptance Time to provide full and fmal discharge 
to each member of the Mobileye Board for their acts of management or supervision, as applicable, up 
to the date of the EGM. provided that such discharge will be limited by general principles of Dutch 
law, and provided further that if Purchaser, Intel. or any of their affiliates becomes a shareholder of 
Mobileye, neither they, nor any of their successors or assigns, shall assert any claim for liability against 
the directors in office immediately prior to the ECM based upon acts or omissions that have been 
disclosed to Purchaser or Intel or which are required to be taken under the Purchase Agreement: 
(c) adopt one or more resolutions effective upon the Offer Closing to appoint Purchaser-designated 
directors and to appoint non-executive directors who are independent from Intel and Purchaser (if such 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083559 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229743 
EFTA01383747

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383748.pdf
----------------------------------------
independent non-executive directors are not already members of the Mobileye Board) to replace certain 
resigning members of the Mobileye Board (the "Governance Resolutions"): 
(d) adopt one or more resolutions to (i) amend the articles of association of Mobileye, including to convert 
Mobileye from a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap or N.V.) to a private 
company with limited liability (beslolen vennootschap met beperkie aansprakelijkheid or B. V.) under 
Dutch law, with such amendment becoming effective as soon as practicable following the Offer 
Closing if so elected by Purchaser and (ii) further amend Mobileye's articles of association after the 
Shares have been delisted from the NYSE, with such second amendment becoming effective following 
such delisting: 
(e) adopt a resolution to. subject to (i) the Acceptance Time having occurred. (ii) the Pre-Wired Asset Sale 
Ruling having been received and (iii) the number of Shares validly tendered in accordance with the 
terms of the Offer (including Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period, as it may be 
extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) and not properly withdrawn together with the Shares 
owned by Purchaser or any of its affiliates, representing at least 67% of Mobileye's issued capital 
(geplaatst kapitaal) (the "Asset Sale Threshold"), approve the Asset Sale as contemplated by the asset 
sale documentation annexed to the Purchase Agreement. as required under section 2:107a of the DCC: 
(f) adopt a resolution to, subject to (i) the Acceptance Time having occurred. (ii) the Asset Sale Threshold 
having been achieved, and (iii) the Asset Sale having been completed, ( I) dissolve (ontbinden) 
Mobileye in accordance with section 2:19 of the DCC. (2) appoint as liquidator a foundation (sticking) 
to be incorporated under Dutch law and approve reimbursement of the liquidator's reasonable salary 
and costs (provided that such reimbursement will be subject to the approval of the Independent 
Directors (as defined below), not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed) and (3) appoint 
an affiliate of Purchaser as the custodian of the books and records of Mobileye in accordance with 
section 2:24 of the DCC: and 
(g) conduct such other business as may properly come before the meeting. 
To the extent that, at the EGM. the Governance Resolutions, the Conversion Resolutions (which are 
described in greater details in clause (d) above), or the Pre-Wired Asset Sale Resolutions (which are described in 
greater detail in clauses (e) and (f) above) have not been adopted, or if the Mobileye Board shall determine in its 
reasonable judgment that any additional shareholder resolutions should be adopted. Mobileye will, following 
consultation with Purchaser and Intel, duly call and give notice of another EGM. which will take place at a date 
reasonably acceptable to Purchaser and Intel and not later than a date that will be prior to the date of the 
Expiration Time, to again consider such unpassed resolutions. 
Mobileye has agreed that its obligation to duly call, give notice of, convene, and hold the EGM in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, and its other obligations with regards to the 
EGM as specified in the Purchase Agreement will not be affected by the commencement, public proposal, public 
disclosure, or communication to Mobileye of any Alternative Acquisition Proposal (as defined below) (whether 
or not a Superior Proposal (as defined below)). Unless the Purchase Agreement is terminated in accordance with 
the terms of the Purchase Agreement, Mobileye has agreed not to submit to a vote of the shareholders of 
Mobileye any Alternative Acquisition Proposal (whether or not a Superior Proposal) or any matters relating 
thereto. 
Mobileye will consult with Purchaser and Intel regarding the date of the EOM (or any subsequent EGM) 
and, unless the Purchase Agreement is terminated in accordance with the Purchase Agreement, will not cancel 
the EGM (or any subsequent EGM) without the prior written consent of Purchaser and Intel. provided that 
Mobileye may, on no more than one occasion, following reasonable consultation with Purchaser and Intel, and, 
to the extent requested in writing by Purchaser and Intel. Mobileye shall cancel and reconvene the ECM (or any 
subsequent EGM) solely to the extent reasonably necessary (x) to ensure that any supplement or amendment to 
EGM materials that the Mobileye Board, after consultation with outside counsel, reasonably determines is 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083560 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229744 
EFTA01383748

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383749.pdf
----------------------------------------
transactions: and (s) any combination of the foregoing; provided that any transaction described in the foregoing 
clauses (g) through (s) will require the prior written consent of Mobileye. such consent not to be unreasonably 
withheld. conditioned. or delayed. 
If the Pre-Wired Asset Sale Ruling has been obtained. the Pre-Wired Asset Sale Resolutions have been 
adopted at the EGM (or any subsequent EGM). the Asset Sale Threshold has been achieved, and the Offer 
Closing has occurred. Purchaser may require Mobileye to enter into an asset purchase agreement in the form 
attached to the Purchase Agreement as Exhibit A (the "Asset Sale Agreement"). in which case the parties shall 
promptly implement the Asset Sale and take the steps and complete the actions and transactions set forth in the 
Asset Sale Agreement. Immediately following the completion of the Asset Sale. Mobileye shall implement the 
Liquidation. which shall result in the Second Step Distribution in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Asset Sale Agreement. 
Call Option. Mobileye has granted Purchaser an irrevocable option to purchase such number of newly 
issued ordinary shares, nominal value €0.01 per share. of Mobileye ("Ordinary Shares'), within the limits of 
Mobikye's authorized but unissued share capital at the time of issuance. so as to increase Purchaser's ownership 
of Ordinary Shares by 15% of the total ownership of Ordinary Shares outstanding. after giving effect to the 
exercise in full of the Call Option (in the aggregate. the "Option Shares"), in exchange for an amount per 
Ordinary Share equal to the Offer Consideration. The Call Option is exercisable one time, in whole or in part. 
following the Acceptance Time and no later than the last day of the Subsequent Offering Period (including any 
Minority Exit Offering Period, if applicable). The Call Option terminates concurrently with the termination of the 
Purchase Agreement. Purchaser can pay for the Option Shares at its sole election, subject to compliance with 
mandatory provisions of Dutch law, by (a) wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account 
designated at least three business days in advance by Mobileye. (b) issuance by Purchaser to Mobileye of a 
promissory note in favor of Mobileye, guaranteed by Intel or a creditworthy subsidiary of Intel. (c) contribution 
in kind (inbreng in natura) in accordance with Section 2:94b or (if applicable) 2:204b of the DCC by Purchaser 
to Mobileye by way of the assignment by Purchaser to Mobileye of a promissory note issued by Intel or a 
creditworthy subsidiary of Intel in favor of Purchaser, or (d) any combination of clauses (a) through (c). Intel and 
Purchaser shall jointly and severally pay all expenses, and any and all federal, state. Israeli and local taxes and 
other charges in any jurisdiction, that may be payable in connection with the issuance of the Option Shares 
including any relevant deeds of issuance in the name of Purchaser or its permitted assignee, transferee, or 
designee. 
Certain Adjustments. In the event that, during the period between the date of the Purchase Agreement and 
the Expiration Time, the number of outstanding Shares or securities convertible or exchangeable into or 
exercisable for Shares is changed into a different number of shares or securities or a different class as a result of a 
reclassification, stock split (including a reverse stock split), stock dividend or distribution, recapitalization, 
merger. issuer tender or exchange offer, or other similar transaction, then the Offer Consideration and any other 
amounts payable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement will be equitably adjusted, without duplication, to reflect 
such change. 
Representations and Warranties. In the Purchase Agreement. Mobileye has made customary representations 
and warranties to Intel and Purchaser that are subject to specified exemptions and qualifications contained in the 
Purchase Agreement and to certain disclosures in Mobileye's SEC filings filed or furnished on or after December 
31, 2014. and publicly available at least two business days prior to the date of the Purchase Agreement, including 
representations relating to, among other things: its organization, valid existence, and standing under the laws of 
the jurisdiction in which its business is being conducted: its subsidiaries: its articles of association and bylaws: its 
capitalization: its corporate power and authority relative to the Purchase Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement; required governmental authorizations or filings or other consents and 
approvals, and no violations of organizational documents: public SEC filings and financial statements: certain 
business practices, including controls and procedures over disclosures and financial reporting: the absence of 
certain changes or events; the absence of undisclosed liabilities; compliance with laws, including sanctions laws 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083562 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229746 
EFTA01383749

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383750.pdf
----------------------------------------
and other regulatory matters: absence of litigation: real property; intellectual property matters, including 
software. IT systems, and data privacy: tax matters; employee benefit plan matters; labor and employment 
matters: environmental matters; material contracts: finders' and brokers' fees and expenses: the opinion of 
Mobileye's financial advisor with respect to the fairness of the Offer Consideration: insurance: transactions with 
affiliates; anti-takeover measures: and the accuracy of information supplied for purposes of the Offer documents 
and the Schedule 14D-9. 
The representations and warranties in the Purchase Agreement made by Mobileye are, in certain cases, 
modified by "knowledge," "materiality" and "Company Material Adverse Effect" qualifiers. For purposes of the 
Purchase Agreement, with respect to Mobileye, "knowledge" means the actual knowledge of certain employees 
of Mobileye, after reasonable inquiry of the persons who would reasonably be expected to have actual knowledge 
of the applicable matter. For purposes of the Purchase Agreement, "Company Material Adverse Effect" means 
any fact, change, event, development, occurrence, or effect (each, an "Effect-) that (a) materially adversely 
affects the business, assets, results of operations, or financial condition of Mobileye and its subsidiaries, taken as 
a whole, or (b) prevents or materially impairs the ability of Mobileye to consummate the transactions 
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. Clause (a) of the definition of Company Material Adverse Effect 
excludes: 
(i) 
general economic conditions (or changes in such conditions) in the United States. The Netherlands, 
Israel, or any other country or region in the world in which Mobileye or its subsidiaries conduct 
business, or conditions in the global economy in general; 
(ii) 
changes in any financial, debt, credit, capital, banking, or securities markets or conditions: 
(iii) changes in interest currency, or exchange rates or in the price of any commodity, security, or market 
index: 
(iv) changes after the date of the Purchase Agreement in applicable law, including any tax law, or the 
enforcement or interpretation thereof, or in generally accepted accounting principles of the United 
States of America ("GAAP") or other applicable accounting standards (or the enforcement or 
interpretation thereof); 
(v) 
changes in Mobileye's and its subsidiaries' industries in general; 
(vi) any change in the market price, trading volume, or ratings of any securities or indebtedness of 
Mobileye or any of its subsidiaries, any change of the ratings or the ratings outlook for Mobileye or 
any of its subsidiaries by any applicable rating agency and the consequences of such ratings or 
outlook decrease, or failure of Mobileye to meet, or the publication of any report regarding. any 
internal or public projections, forecasts, guidance. budgets. predictions. or estimates of or relating to 
Mobileye or any of its subsidiaries (it being understood that the underlying facts and circumstances 
giving rise to such change or failure may. if not otherwise excluded. may be taken into account in 
determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred or will occur); 
(vii) the continuation, occurrence, escalation, outbreak or worsening of any hostilities, war, police action. 
acts of terrorism. sabotage. or military conflicts, whether or not pursuant to the declaration of an 
emergency or war: 
(viii) the execution and delivery of the Purchase Agreement or the announcement or pendency of the 
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (including by reason of the identity of 
Purchaser), including the impact thereof on the relationships, contractual or otherwise, of Mobileye 
and its subsidiaries with employees, customers, vendors, landlords, suppliers, or partners (including 
the termination, suspension, modification, or reduction of such relationships); 
(ix) the existence, occurrence or continuation of any force majeure events, including natural or manmade 
disasters, any epidemic, pandemic, or other similar outbreak or any other national, international, or 
regional calamity; 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083563 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229747 
EFTA01383750

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383751.pdf
----------------------------------------
12. 
except for loans to employees made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in 
an aggregate amount not to exceed $100.000 outstanding for all employees at any time, make any 
loans, advances or capital contributions to. or investments in. any other person or entity (other than 
loans, advances or capital contributions among Mobileye and any of its wholly owned subsidiaries and 
capital contributions to or investments in its wholly owned subsidiaries), in each case in the ordinary 
course of business consistent with past practice: 
13. 
incur, create, assume or otherwise become liable for any indebtedness for borrowed money. issue or 
sell any debt securities or rights to acquire any debt securities of Mobileye or any of its subsidiaries, 
guarantee any such indebtedness or any debt securities of another person or entity, enter into any "keep 
well" or other agreement to maintain any financial statement condition of another person or entity (in 
each case, directly. contingently or otherwise), or amend, modify, refinance. or agree to do any of the 
foregoing. in each case, other than (A) in consultation with Intel. indebtedness not in excess of 
$1,000,000 in the aggregate or (B) indebtedness incurred between Mobileye and any of its wholly 
owned subsidiaries or between any of such wholly owned subsidiaries or guarantees by Mobileye of 
indebtedness of any wholly owned subsidiary of Mobileye. in each case in the ordinary course of 
business consistent with past practice: 
14. 
except as required by the terms of a listed Mobileye benefit plan, (A) increase the compensation or 
benefits of any current or former company service provider. (B) grant any equity (or equity-based) award 
to any current or future company service provider, other than grants of Mobileye RSUs in the ordinary 
course of business consistent with past practice to employees hired after the date of the Purchase 
Agreement that do not exceed a maximum total value of $20,000,0(X) in the aggregate during each 
subsequent six-month period following the date of the Purchase Agreement, and. provided that the award 
agreements evidencing such Mobileye RSUs shall not contain vesting acceleration provisions. (C) grant 
any rights to severance, termination pay, retention or change in control benefits to any current or future 
company service provider, (D) pay or award any bonus or incentive compensation (including any 
discretionary cash payments) to any current or figure company service provider. (E) establish, adopt, enter 
into or amend any benefit plan (or any award granted under any benefit plan) or any arrangement that 
would be a benefit plan were it in existence on the date of the Purchase Agreement, except as permitted 
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. (F) take any action to amend or waive any performance or vesting 
criteria or accelerate the payment. funding, vesting, or lapsing of restrictions with respect to any 
compensation, benefits, equity-based compensation (including, without limitation, any equity awards, 
except as otherwise required by the terms of such equity award), incentive compensation, or the 
forgiveness of indebtedness of any loan, (G) communicate with company service providers regarding the 
compensation, benefits or other treatment they will receive following the date of the Offer Closing. unless 
such communications are consistent with the terms provided in the Purchase Agreement and, if in writing. 
such communications have been reviewed by Intel and Purchaser. (H) hire, promote, or terminate (other 
than termination for "cause") any company service provider, other than the hiring of employees in 
positions below the vice-president level in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice 
whose total annual base compensation does not exceed $B0,000, (1) enter into any employment or 
consulting agreement or arrangement with any company service provider except for arrangements with 
new hires (x) entered into in the ordinary come of business that are terminable at will or (y) consistent 
with Mobileye's past practice with respect to notice periods, termination payments and similar provisions 
where at-will employment is not permitted by applicable law, as long as such agreements or arrangements 
do not contain severance or change in control provisions, (J) create any retention-related pools of cash, 
shares, or other assets or property, (K) cause the ftmding of any rabbi trust or similar arrangement or take 
any action to fund or in any other way secure the payment of compensation or benefits under any benefit 
plan. (L) enter into any collective bargaining agreement or other agreement with a labor union, works 
council or similar organization, (M) change any actuarial or other assumptions used to calculate funding 
obligations with respect to any benefit plan, except in accordance with applicable accounting principles 
and applicable law or (N) waive or materially amend any restrictive covenant entered into by any 
company service provider, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083567 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229751 
EFTA01383751

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383752.pdf
----------------------------------------
15. 
make or authorize any capital expenditures, except as consistent in all material respects with 
(A) Mobileye's current capital expenditure plan or (B) any other subsequent annual capital budget 
that (I) is prepared in the ordinary count of business by Mobileye and approved by the Mobileye 
Board and (II) provides for total capital expenditures that do not exceed, in the aggregate. one 
hundred and twenty percent (120%) of those set forth in the capital expenditure plan referred to in 
clause (A): 
16. 
(A) cancel any material indebtedness; (B) waive, release, grant. or transfer any material claim or 
right of material value or consent to the termination of any material claim or right of material value: 
or (C) commence any legal action, except in connection with a breach of the Purchase Agreement or 
any other agreements contemplated by the Purchase Agreement or otherwise related to the 
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement: 
17. 
pay. discharge. compromise. settle or satisfy, or agree to do any of the foregoing. with respect to any 
liability or legal action (other than any legal action relating to the Purchase Agreement or any other 
agreements contemplated by the Purchase Agreement or otherwise related to the transactions 
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement) against Mobileye or any of its subsidiaries or any of their 
respective directors or offirnrs, other than (A) the payment, discharge, settlement, or satisfaction of 
claims or liabilities (1) covered by insurance. (Il) up to the amounts reflected in or reserved against 
Mobileye's balance sheet or (III) related to costs and expenses incurred by Mobileye in connection 
with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. (B) in the ordinary course of 
business consistent with past practice, or (C) where the amount paid or to be paid by Mobileye and 
its subsidiaries does not exceed $3.000.000 individually or $10.000.000 in the aggregate (in each 
case, net of insurance proceeds. indemnity, contribution or similar payments received by Mobileye 
or any of its subsidiaries in respect thereof), in each case. only without the imposition of equitable 
relief on. or the admission of wrongdoing by. Mobileye or any of its subsidiaries or any of their 
respective officers or directors: 
18. 
convene any general or special meeting of the shareholders of Mobileye other than the EGM or as 
otherwise permitted by the Purchase Agreement (unless Mobileye determines that such a meeting is 
required by applicable law after consultation with its outside legal counsel); 
19. 
write up. write down, or write off the book value of any assets, except (A) for depreciation and 
amortization in accordance with GAAP consistently applied. (B) as otherwise required under GAAP 
(including to increase any reserves for contingent liabilities), or (C) in the ordinary course of 
business consistent with past practice in accordance with GAAP: 
20. 
change Mobileye's methods of accounting. except as required by concurrent changes in GAAP or in 
Regulation S-X of the Exchange Act. as agreed to by its independent public accountants; 
21. 
change Mobileye's or any of its subsidiaries' fiscal year. except as permitted by the Purchase 
Agreement; 
22. 
change any material method of tax accounting; settle or compromise any audit or other proceeding 
relating to a material amount of tax; make, revoke, or change any material tax election or file any 
material amended tax return. agree to an extension or waiver of the statute of limitations with respect 
to the assessment or determination of a material amount of taxes; enter into any closing agreement 
with respect to any material amount of tax or surrender any right to claim any material tax refund; 
destroy or dispose of any books and records with respect to tax matters relating to taxable periods 
beginning before the date of the Offer Closing and for which the statute of limitations is still open; or 
apply for, negotiate or obtain any tax ruling on behalf of Mobileye or its subsidiaries, affiliates and/ 
or employees, except as expressly contemplated by the Purchase Agreement: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083568 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229752 
EFTA01383752

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383753.pdf
----------------------------------------
may not contain any exclusivity provision or other term that would restrict. in any manner. 
Mobileye's ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement or to 
comply with its disclosure obligations to Intel and Purchaser pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 
and 
prior to or contemporaneously with furnishing any such non-public information to such person or 
group, it furnishes such non-public information to Intel or Purchaser, to the extent it has not 
previously done so; and 
• engage in discussions or negotiations with such person or group with respect to such Alternative 
Acquisition Proposal. 
Mobileye is required to notify Purchaser as promptly as practicable (and in any event within 24 hours) after 
receipt of any Alternative Acquisition Proposal or any request for non-public information or any inquiry that 
would reasonably be expected to lead to any Alternative Acquisition Proposal. and to provide Intel and Purchaser 
with written notice of the material terms and conditions of such Alternative Acquisition Proposal, request or 
inquiry, and the identity of the person or group making any such Alternative Acquisition Proposal, request or 
imquiry, if not previously provided pursuant to its non-solicitation obligations. Commencing upon the provision 
of any notice referred to above and continuing until such Alternative Acquisition Proposal. request or inquiry is 
withdrawn. (a) Mobileye (or its outside legal counsel) will keep Intel and Purchaser (or their outside counsel) 
informed on a reasonably current basis regarding the status and terms (other than immaterial terms) of 
discussions and negotiations relating to any such Alternative Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry at the 
request of Intel or Purchaser and (b) Mobileye will, as promptly as practicable (and in any event within 24 hours 
following the receipt or delivery thereof), provide Intel and Purchaser (or their outside legal counsel) with 
unredacted copies of all written proposals or proposed transaction agreements (including all schedules and 
exhibits thereto) relating to any such Alternative Acquisition Proposal. Mobileye is also required to provide Intel 
and Purchaser with 48 hours' prior notice (or such lesser prior notice as is provided to members of the Mobileye 
Board) of any meeting of the Mobileye Board at which it is reasonably expected to consider any Alternative 
Acquisition Proposal. Any material amendment (including the form, amount and timing of payment of 
consideration) to any Alternative Acquisition Proposal will be deemed to be a new Alternative Acquisition 
Proposal for purposes of Mobileye's non-solicitation obligations. 
For the purposes of the Purchase Agreement, an "Alternative Acquisition Proposal" means any inquiry. 
proposal, indication of interest, or offer from any third party relating to, or that would reasonably be expected to 
lead to, any of the following transactions: 
• 
a transaction or series of transactions pursuant to which any third-party acquires or would acquire, 
directly or indirectly, beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of more 
than 20% of the outstanding Shares or other equity securities of Mobileye (or options, rights, or 
warrants to purchase, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such securities) representing 
20% or more of the voting power of Mobileye, including pursuant to a stock purchase, merger. 
consolidation, tender offer, share exchange, or other transaction involving Mobileye or any of its 
subsidiaries; 
• any transaction pursuant to which any third party acquires or would acquire, directly or indirectly, 
control of assets (including for this purpose the outstanding equity securities of Mobileye subsidiaries 
and any entity surviving any merger or combination including any of them) of Mobileye or its 
subsidiaries representing 20% or more of the revenues, net income, or assets (in each case, on a 
consolidated basis) of Mobileye and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole: or 
• other than transactions that have been disclosed by Mobileye prior to the date of the Purchase 
Agreement, any disposition of assets representing 20% or more of the revenues, net income or assets 
(in each case, on a consolidated basis) of Mobileye and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083570 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229754 
EFTA01383753

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383754.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the purposes of the Purchase Agreement, a "Superior Proposal" means a bona fide written Alternative 
Acquisition Proposal that is binding (subject only to the valid termination of the Purchase Agreement) on the 
offeror. that did not result from a breach of Mobileye's non-solicitation obligations and that the Mobileye Board 
has determined in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisors), taking into 
account all legal. financial, regulatory. financing. certainty, timing, and other relevant aspects of the proposal. 
and the person making the proposal: 
provides for a purchase price per Share in cash that is at least $6.354 higher than the Offer 
Consideration: 
• is more favorable to Mobileye and its shareholders, employees and other stakeholders than the 
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement: 
• is reasonably likely to be consummated; and 
• to the extent third party financing is required, such financing is then fully committed. 
For purposes of the definition of "Superior Proposal." each reference in the definition of "Alternative 
Acquisition Proposal" to "20%" will be deemed to be a reference to -50%." 
Mobileye has agreed that the Mobikye Board, or any committee of the Mobileye Board, will not directly or 
indirectly: 
(a) withhold, withdraw, qualify, amend or modify. or publicly propose to withhold, withdraw, qualify. 
amend or modify. the Mobileye Board Recommendation or fail to make, or include in the applicable 
Mobileye disclosure documents, the approval. adoption, recommendation. or declaration of advisability 
by the Mobileye Board or any committee thereof, of the Purchase Agreement of the Offer or any of the 
other transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, or make any public statement inconsistent 
with the Mobileye Board Recommendation; 
(b) recommend, adopt or approve, or propose publicly to recommend, adopt or approve, any Alternative 
Acquisition Proposal: or 
(c) publicly make any recommendation in connection with an Alternative Acquisition Proposal other than 
a recommendation against such proposal; 
(any action described in clauses (a) through (c) above, an "Adverse Recommendation Change"). 
In addition. Mobileye has agreed that neither the Mobileye Board, nor any committee of the Mobileye 
Board, will directly or indirectly, approve or recommend. or publicly propose to approve or recommend. or allow 
Mobikye or any of its affiliates to execute or enter into, any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, 
agreement in principle, merger agreement, acquisition agreement. option agreement. joint venture agreement, 
partnership agreement. or other similar contract (other than a confidentiality agreement pursuant to the no 
solicitation covenant) (a) relating to any Alternative Acquisition Proposal or any offer or proposal that would 
reasonably be expected to lead to an Alternative Acquisition Proposal or (b) requiring it (or that would require it) 
to abandon, terminate, or fail to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. 
Solely in response to a Superior Proposal received after the date of the Purchase Agreement, the Mobileye 
Board may, at any time prior to the Expiration Time, make an Adverse Recommendation Change or validly 
terminate the Purchase Agreement to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to such Superior Proposal or 
authorize, resolve, agree, or publicly propose to take any such action, only if all of the following conditions are 
met: 
(a) Mobileye has not breached any of its obligations under the no solicitation covenant (where such breach 
proximately caused such Superior Proposal being received by Mobileye); 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083571 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229755 
EFTA01383754

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383755.pdf
----------------------------------------
of the Purchase Agreement and prior to the Expiration Time. that has not arisen as a result of any actions taken 
by Mobileye in breach of the Purchase Agreement, which causes the Mobileye Board to determine in good faith 
(after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisors) that the failure to make an Adverse 
Recommendation Change would be inconsistent with Mobileye's directors' fiduciary duties under the laws of 
The Netherlands. provided that in no event will the receipt. existence. or terms of an Alternative Acquisition 
Proposal. or any matter relating thereto or consequence thereof. constitute an Intervening Event. 
Unless the Purchase Agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms. neither Mobileye nor the Mobileye 
Board (or any committee thereof) shall take any action to make the provisions of any "fair price." "business 
combination." " control share acquisition" or other state takeover statute or similar law inapplicable to any 
transactions contemplated by an Alternative Acquisition Proposal. 
The Purchase Agreement does not prohibit Mobileye or the Mobileye Board from taking and disclosing to 
Mobileye shareholders a position contemplated by Rule 144-9 and Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the 
Exchange Act (or any similar communication to shareholders in connection with the making or amendment of a 
tender offer or exchange offer). However. any such disclosure will be deemed an Adverse Recommendation 
Change unless the Mobileye Board expressly publicly reaffirms its recommendation. 
Compensation Arrangements. Prior to the Offer Closing. Mobileye will take all steps that may be required. 
necessary or advisable to cause each benefit plan or similar arrangement that has been or after the date of the 
Purchase Agreement will be entered into by Mobileye or any of its subsidiaries with any of its directors. officers 
or employees pursuant to which consideration is payable to any director, officer or employee to be approved by 
the Compensation Committee of the Mobileye Board as an "employment compensation, severance or other 
employee benefit arrangement" within the meaning of Rule 14d-10(d)(2) promulgated under the Exchange Act 
and to satisfy the requirements of the non-exclusive safe harbor set forth in Rule 14d-10(d) promulgated under 
the Exchange Act. At the time of the taking of such steps described in this provision, the Compensation 
Committee of the Mobileye Board will be composed solely of "independent directors" within the meaning of 
Rule 14d-10(d)(2) promulgated under the Exchange Act and the instructions thereto. 
Israel Tax Rulings. Mobileye (which is a tax resident of Israel) has agreed. as soon as reasonably practicable 
after the execution of the Purchase Agreement. in consultation with Intel and Purchaser, to prepare and file with 
the fTA applications for rulings in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Intel and Purchaser, 
(a) confirming the treatment of payments of various Mobileye equity awards subject to Section 102 of the 
Ordinance ("Section 102") in connection with the Purchase Agreement (the "Israel Equity Tax Ruling"), (b) for 
the Israel Withholding Tax Ruling (which ruling has already been obtained), and (c) for the he-Wired Asset Sale 
Ruling (clauses (a)-(c) together. the "Israel Tax Rulings-). Mobileye will use all reasonable best efforts to 
promptly take, or cause to be taken, after prior coordination and consultation with Intel and Purchaser or their 
respective representatives, all action and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable 
under any applicable law to obtain the Israel Tax Rulings as promptly as practicable after the date of the 
Purchase Agreement. In the event that it becomes apparent that the Israel Equity Tax Ruling will not be received 
prior to the Offer Closing. Mobileye will cause its Israeli subsidiary to obtain prior to the Offer Closing an 
interim tax ruling confirming that the Offer Closing shall not adversely affect the tax status or trigger Israeli 
withholding tax requirements with respect to any payments or exchanges made with respect to Mobileye equity 
awards subject to Section 102 (which ruling may be subject to customary conditions regularly associated with 
such a ruling). 
Detesting. Mobileye has agreed that prior to the Acceptance Time. Mobileye will cooperate with Intel and 
Purchaser and use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and do or cause to be done all 
things, reasonably necessary, proper or advisable on its part under applicable laws and rules and policies of the 
NYSE to cause the delisting of Mobileye and the Shares from the NYSE as promptly as practicable after the 
Offer Closing and the de-registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act as promptly as practicable after such 
delisting. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083573 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229757 
EFTA01383755

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383756.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383756.pdf
----------------------------------------
Anti-Takeover Measures. Mobileye and the Mobileye Board (and any applicable committees thereof) will 
take all actions within their power and authority necessary so no anti-takeover measures are or become applicable 
to the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. If any anti-takeover measure becomes applicable to 
any of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. Mobileye and the Mobileye Board (and any 
applicable committees thereof) will grant such approvals and take such actions within their power and authority 
as are necessary, so that any such transactions may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms 
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. as applicable, and otherwise act within their power and authority to 
eliminate such anti-takeover measures on such transactions. 
Obligations Regarding Asset Sale and Liquidation. To the extent any such actions, transactions or matters 
are validly effected by Intel or Purchaser pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. and subject in the case of the 
Asset Sale. Liquidation and Second Step Distribution to the prior receipt of the Pre-Wired Asset Sale Ruling. 
Mobileye shall take all such steps and do all such things as are reasonably required to procure that the Asset Sale. 
the Liquidation, and the Second Step Distribution timely occur. 
Director and Officer Liability. For six years after the Offer Closing. Intel shall cause Mobileye and its 
subsidiaries to indemnify and hold harmless the present and former directors or officers of Mobileye and its 
subsidiaries in respect of acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Offer Closing and in connection with 
various transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement including the Asset Sale. the Liquidation, the 
Second Step Distribution, and the Tender and Support Agreements (as defined below), in each case to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law or provided under Mobileye's organizational documents in effect on the date 
of the Purchase Agreement. 
For six years following the Offer Closing. Intel has agreed to obtain, or cause to be obtained, effective as of 
the Offer Closing, a "tail" policy for directors' and officers' and fiduciary liability insurance ("D&O Insurance") 
in respect of acts or omissions of Mobileye's directors and officers occurring at or prior to the Offer Closing. 
covering each person covered by the D&O Insurance immediately prior to the Offer Closing. on terms with 
respect to the coverage and amounts no less favorable than those of the D&O Insurance in effect on the date of 
the Purchase Agreement. If the aggregate annual premiums for such policies at any time during such period 
exceed 3004E of the per year premium rate paid by Mobileye and its subsidiaries as of the date of the Purchase 
Agreement for such policies, then Intel will only be required to provide such coverage as will then be available at 
an annual premium equal to 300% of such rate. 
Employee Matters. For a period beginning on the date of the Offer Closing and ending on the first 
anniversary of such date (or, such shorter period of employment, as the case may be). each Continuing Employee 
whose terms and conditions of employment are not governed by a collective bargaining, works council, or 
similar agreement will receive from Purchaser (or its applicable affiliate) compensation (including base salary 
and annual cash bonus opportunity) that is substantially comparable in the aggregate as to what such Continuing 
Employee was entitled to receive immediately prior to the date of the Offer Closing and benefits that are 
substantially comparable in the aggregate to either those benefits (excluding any equity or equity-based, defined 
benefit pension or retiree medical benefits) that are generally made available as of the date of the Purchase 
Agreement by Mobileye to such employees, or those benefits that are generally made available by Purchaser to 
similarly situated employees of Purchaser and its affiliates. Purchaser will cause Mobileye and its subsidiaries to 
honor the terms of any written collective bargaining agreement or similar agreements to which Mobileye or its 
subsidiaries are bound. Any Continuing Employee who incurs a termination of employment during the period 
beginning on the date of the Offer Closing and ending on the first anniversary of such date will be entitled to 
receive the severance payments and benefits that such Continuing Employee would have received from Mobileye 
and its affiliates under Mobileye's severance plans and policies or individual employment agreements made 
available to Purchaser, as in effect immediately prior to the Offer Closing. Continuing Employees will be 
credited with their years of service under the employee benefit plans of Purchaser (other than for purposes of 
benefit accruals under any defined benefit pension plan or for purposes of equity compensation vesting) and its 
subsidiaries providing benefits to any Continuing Employees after the date of the Offer Closing, to the extent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083574 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229758 
EFTA01383756

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383757.pdf
----------------------------------------
permitted under the terms of such applicable benefit plans. to the same extent as such Continuing Employees 
were entitled to credit for such service under any similar benefit plan in which the Continuing Employees 
participated or were eligible to participate immediately prior to the date of the Offer Closing, to the extent that 
there is no duplication of benefits. 
Availability of Funds. At the Offer Closing, Intel and Purchaser will have available to them all funds 
necessary to enable Purchaser to consummate the Offer and the other transactions contemplated by the Purchase 
Agreement and to satisfy all of Purchaser's obligations under the Purchase Agreement. including to pay the 
aggregate Offer Consideration and to pay all amounts required to consummate the transactions contemplated by 
the Purchase Agreement. 
Regulatory Approvals: Efforts. Mobileye. Intel. and Purchaser have agreed to use their respective reasonable 
best efforts to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, 
including by (a) promptly obtaining all authorizations, consents, orders, and approvals from any governmental 
authority or other entities that may be, or become, necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the 
Purchase Agreement, (b) taking all actions that may be requested by any such governmental authority to obtain 
such authorizations, consents, orders, and approvals, and (c) avoiding any legal orders, or dissolution of any such 
legal orders, that would have the effect of preventing or materially delaying the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. These efforts include, but are not limited to. (i) filing a Notification 
and Report Form pursuant to the HSR Act as promptly as practicable following the date of the Purchase 
Agreement, (ii) making all other required filings with respect to other required antitrust approvals, as agreed by 
Mobileye, Intel. and Purchaser under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, and (iii) responding as promptly as 
practicable to any inquiries or requests received from the Federal Trade Commission or the Department of Justice 
for additional information or documentation and any inquiries or requests received from any state attorney 
general, foreign antitrust, or competition authority or other governmental authority in connection with antitrust or 
related matters. 
Mobileye. Intel, and Purchaser will consult and cooperate with one another and consider in good faith the 
views of one another in connection with any proceedings relating to antitrust laws, and each will provide to the 
other, in advance, any written analyses, presentations. memoranda, briefs, and proposals made or submitted to 
any governmental authority in connection with such proceedings. Either party may limit the disclosure of 
commercially sensitive portions of such materials to the outside counsel and consultants of the other party. 
Mobileye. Intel, and Purchaser will give each other prompt notice of any pending or threatened request. 
inquiry, or other action brought by a governmental authority, or brought by a third party to a governmental 
authority, in respect of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (an "Antitrust Investigation"). 
To the extent permitted by applicable law and other applicable limitations (including the preservation of 
attorney-client privilege), each party will use its reasonable best efforts to keep the other parties informed of the 
status of any Antitrust Investigation, promptly notify each other of any communications (other than non-material 
communications) received from any governmental authority regarding the transactions contemplated by the 
Purchase Agreement and consult with each other in advance and consider in good faith each other's views in 
connection with any such Antitrust Investigation, including by providing the other party reasonable opportunity 
to comment on any analysis. memorandum, or other presentation made or submitted to any such governmental 
authority. 
Mobileye. Intel. and Purchaser will promptly furnish to each other all information required to be included in 
any application or filing made in connection with applicable antitrust laws. Each party will have the right to review 
and, to the extent practicable, to be consulted in good faith on any information relating to it or its affiliates that 
might appear in any such applications or filings, and its comments will be considered by the other party. In the case 
of confidential or proprietary information of a providing party contained in such applications or filings, disclosure of 
such information may be limited to other party's outside legal counsel, and such outside legal counsel will not 
disclose such information to the other party and will enter into a customary joint defense agreement, if requested. In 
the case of information relating to valuation, such information may be withheld or redacted. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083575 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229759 
EFTA01383757

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383758.pdf
----------------------------------------
Acting in good faith. Intel and Purchaser will direct and control all aspects of the parties' efforts to obtain 
regulatory clearance with any governmental authority or in any action brought to enjoin the transactions 
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. Intel and Purchaser will provide Mobileye with reasonable advance 
notice of any commitment or material actions that it proposes to undenake in connection with such efforts and 
frequently consult with and consider the views of Mobileye in connection therewith. In addition. Intel or 
Purchaser, as applicable, will give Mobileye reasonable advance notice of and opportunity to participate in all 
meetings with governmental authorities in connection with antitrust laws and regulations and the transactions 
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (provided that Intel or Purchaser does not have to cancel or reschedule 
such meeting if Mobileye is unable to attend). Intel and Purchaser will use good faith efforts to ensure Mobileye 
has reasonable advance notice of, and the opportunity to participate in. all teleconferences (other than non-
material teleconferences) with any such governmental authorities and will provide Mobileye with a reasonably 
detailed update on such teleconferences if Mobileye is unable to attend. 
Intel will, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause its affiliates to. promptly take all actions that ate 
reasonably necessary to (a) secure the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting periods under the HSR 
Act and the other required antitrust approvals. (b) resolve any objections to such transactions from any 
governmental authority, in each case to the extent necessary in order to prevent the imposition of any legal 
restraint that would prevent, restrict or delay the consummation of such transactions, and (c) avoid or eliminate 
each and every impediment under the HSR Act and the other applicable antitrust laws that may be asserted by 
any applicable governmental authority or other entity with respect to the transactions contemplated by the 
Purchase Agreement so as to enable such transactions to be consummated as soon as possible after the date of the 
Purchase Agreement. However, notwithstanding the foregoing. Intel. Purchaser, or their respective subsidiaries 
or affiliates are not required to (i) proffer. agree, or consent to sell, divret, lease, license, transfer, dispose of. or 
otherwise encumber or hold separate and agree to sell, divest lease. license, transfer, dispose of, or otherwise 
encumber before or after the Acceptance Time, any assets, licenses. operations. rights, product lines, businesses 
or interest therein of Intel. Purchaser, or Mobileye or any of their respective affiliates. (ii) agree to any material 
changes (including through a licensing arrangement) or restriction on. or other impairment of Intel's or any of its 
affiliates' ability to own or operate. any such assets, licenses, operations. rights, product lines, businesses, or 
interests therein or Intel's or Purchaser's ability to vote, transfer, receive dividends, or otherwise exercise fill 
ownership rights with respect to the capital stock of Mobileye or (iii) agree to other structural, behavioral, or 
conduct relief with respect to the behavior of Intel, Purchaser, Mobileye or any of their respective affiliates. In no 
event will Mobileye proffer. take, or agree to take any of the actions described in clauses (i)-(iii) above without 
the prior written consent of Intel. 
In the event that any legal action is commenced challenging the transactions contemplated by the Purchase 
Agreement as violating any antitrust law, each party shall cooperate with each other party and use its respective 
reasonable best efforts to contest and resist any such action and to have vacated, lifted, reversed, or overturned 
any order resulting from such action, whether temporary, preliminary or permanent, that is in effect and that 
prohibits, prevents, or restricts consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, 
provided, however, that these obligations shall expire as of the End Date. 
Litigation. Except as otherwise set forth in the Purchase Agreement with regards to regulatory approvals. 
Mobileye will control any action brought against Mobileye or any of its subsidiaries relating in any way to the 
Purchase Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby: provided that Mobileye will give Intel and 
Purchaser the right to (a) review and comment in advance on all filings or responses to be made by Mobileye in 
connection with any litigation related to the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (and any 
amendments thereto) and Mobileye will consider in good faith any comments proposed by Intel or Purchaser. 
(b) fully participate in (at Inters or Purchaser's expense). but not control, the defense of any such litigation. 
(c) consult on any settlement with respect to such litigation, and (d) fully participate in any negotiations or 
mediation with respect to any settlement with respect to such litigation, and no such settlement will be agreed to 
without Intel's and Purchaser's prior written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, 
conditioned, or delayed). Mobileye will promptly notify Intel and Purchaser of any such litigation related to the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083576 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229760 
EFTA01383758

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383759.pdf
----------------------------------------
• if Intel or Purchaser breaches any of its representations or warranties or failure to perform any 
covenant or agreement set forth in the Purchase Agreement which breach or failure would result 
in any of the conditions to the Offer not being satisfied and such breach or failure cannot be or has 
not been cured by the earlier of the second business day prior to the End Date or 30 days after 
receipt by Intel of written notice of such breach or failure (a "Purchaser Breach Termination"). 
provided that a Purchaser Breach Termination will not be available if Mobileye is in material 
breach of its obligations under the Purchase Agreement. 
Effect of Termination. If the Purchase Agreement is validly terminated in accordance with its terms. notice 
of such termination will be given to the non-terminating party or parties, the Purchase Agreement will become 
void and of no further effect, with no liability remaining on the part of any party to the Purchase Agreement (or 
any director, officer, employee, shareholder, representative, agent. or advisor of any party). In no event will any 
such termination relieve any party to the Purchase Agreement from its obligations under the Confidentiality 
Agreement and under the Purchase Agreement (a) restricting public disclosure of the transactions contemplated 
by the Purchase Agreement and (b) certain other provisions regarding termination and other miscellaneous 
provisions. In no event will either party to the Purchase Agreement be relieved of any liability for damages 
resulting from such party's fraud or willful and intentional breach of the Purchase Agreement prior to its 
termination. 
Governing Law. &chain, Forum. The Purchase Agreement will be governed by and construed in 
accordance with Delaware law, except that any matters concerning or implicating the Mobikye Board's fiduciary 
duties will be governed by and construed in accordance with the applicable fiduciary duty laws of The 
Netherlands. Each of Purchaser and Mobileye (a) irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the personal 
jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or. only if such court declines to accept 
jurisdiction over a particular matter, then of the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. or if 
jurisdiction is not then available in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware (but only in such 
event), then of any Delaware state court sitting in New Castle County) and any appellate court from any of such 
courts (the "Chosen Courts"). (b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by 
motion or other request for leave from any such Chosen Court. (c) agrees that any actions arising in connection 
with or relating to the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby will be brought. tried, and 
determined only in the Chosen Coum, (d) waives any claim of improper venue or any claim that the Chosen 
Courts are an inconvenient forum. and (e) agrees that it will not bring any action relating to the Purchase 
Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby in any court other than the Chosen Courts. 
Specific Performance. The parties to the Purchase Agreement have agreed that irreparable damage would 
occur if any provision of the Purchase Agreement was not performed in accordance with the Purchase Agreement 
and that the parties to the Purchase Agreement will be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the 
Purchase Agreement or to enforce specifically the performance of the terms and provisions of the Purchase 
Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. 
Conditions to the Offer. The conditions to the Offer are described in Section 15 —"Certain Conditions of 
the Offer." 
AR 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083578 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229782 
EFTA01383759

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383760.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383760.pdf
----------------------------------------
Confidentiality Agreement 
The following summary description of the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined below) and all other 
provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement discussed herein are qualified by reference to such Confidentiality 
Agreement. which has been filed as Exhibit (d)(2) to the Schedule TO filed with the SEC in connection with the 
Offer and is incorporated herein by reference. The Confidentiality Agreement may be examined and copies may 
be obtained at the places and in the manner set forth in Section 8 —"Certain information Concerning Intel and 
Purchaser." Shareholders and other interested parties should read the Confidentiality Agreement for a more 
complete description of the provisions summarized below. 
Intel and Mobileye entered into a confidentiality agreement, effective as of February 1, 2017 (as it may be 
amended from time to time. the 'Confidentiality Agreement"). Under the Confidentiality Agreement. the parties 
agreed to keep confidential, subject to certain exceptions. information disclosed by the disclosing party or any of 
its subsidiaries or representatives to the receiving party or any of its subsidiaries or representatives and to not 
disclose such information without the prior written consent of the disclosing party. The parties also agreed, 
subject to certain exceptions, not to disclose that the parties had entered into the Confidentiality Agreement, that 
confidential information exists or has been disclosed pursuant to the Confidentiality Agreement, and that 
discussions had taken place concerning the proposed transaction between Intel and Mobileye or any of the terms. 
conditions, or other facts with respect thereto. The term of the Confidentiality Agreement will expire on February 
1, 2019, unless earlier terminated by the parties thereto. 
Transaction Letter 
The following summary description of the Transaction Later (as defined belowl and all other provisions of 
the Transaction Letter discussed herein are qualVied by reference to such Transaction Letter. which has been 
filed as Exhibit (d)(3) to the Schedule TO filed with the SEC in connection with the Offer and is incorporated 
herein by reference. The Transaction Letter may be examined and copies may be obtained at the places and in 
the manner set forth in Section 8 —"Certain Information Concerning Intel and Purchaser." Shareholders and 
other interested parties should read the Transaction Letter for a more complete description of the provisions 
summarized below. 
Mobileye and Intel entered into a letter agreement on February I. 2017 (as it may be amended from time to 
time, the "Transaction Letter"). Pursuant to the exclusivity provision of the Transaction Letter, which provision 
has expired. Mobileye agreed. among other things. to terminate and not to enter any further discussions or 
negotiations with a third party relating to any otTer or proposal for certain proposed third party acquisitions. 
Mobileye also agreed not to disclose any non-public information relating to Mobileye to any third party in 
connection with a potential third party acquisition. Mobileye also agreed to notify Intel within 24 hours of 
becoming aware of any inquiry, request, proposal or offer with respect to any third party acquisition or any 
breach of the exclusivity provision. Pursuant to the Transaction Letter, Intel also agreed to certain "standstill" 
provisions that, for a period of one year from the date of the Transaction Letter, prohibit Intel and its affiliates 
from taking certain actions involving or with respect to Mobileye, other than pursuant to the proposed transaction 
between Intel and Mobileye. Mobileye agreed that, if at any time during the term of the standstill period. 
Mobileye or any of its affiliates enters into a less restrictive standstill agreement, then the standstill provision 
would be amended to match such less restrictive standstill agreement. Finally, each of Intel and Mobileye agreed 
not to solicit specified categories of employees of the other party, subject to certain exceptions and caveats, for a 
period of one year from the date of the Transaction Letter. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083579 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229783 
EFTA01383760

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383761.pdf
----------------------------------------
such solicitation, a customer or client of Intel, for the purpose of selling any products or services that are 
competitive with Mobileye's business: (e) solicit or attempt to solicit any employee or any other service provider 
of Intel or any of its related entities to terminate employment or engagement with Intel. or otherwise adversely 
affect such individual's relationship: or (t) encourage any employee or other service provider of Intel or any of its 
related entities to engage in any action in which Professor Shashua would, under the provisions of the Non-
Competition Agreement. be prohibited from engaging. 
Moreover, during the Restricted Period, Professor Shashua must first notify Intel before commencing 
employment or engagement as a consultant, contractor of partner with any third party (or interviewing for such a 
position), and must furnish such new employer or service recipient with a copy of the Non-Competition Agreement. 
Employment Agreement Addendum 
The following summary description of the Employment Agreement Addendum (as defined below) and all 
other provisions of the Employment Agreement Addendum discussed herein are qualified by reference to such 
Employment Agreement Addendum, which has been filed as Exhibit (d)(7) to the Schedule TO filed with the SEC 
in connection with the Offer and is incorporated herein by reference. The Employment Agreement Addendum 
may be examined and copies may be obtained at the places and in the manner set forth in Section 8 —"Certain 
Information Concerning Intel and Purchaser." Shareholders and other interested parties should read the 
Employment Agreement Addendum for a more complete description of the provisions summarized below. 
Concurrently with the execution of the Purchase Agreement, Professor Shashua entered into an addendum to 
his employment agreement with Mobileye Vision Technologies Ltd. (the "Employment Agreement Addendum"), 
which will become effective upon Mobileye's becoming an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser (the 
"Acquisition"). Pursuant to the Employment Agreement Addendum, rather than receiving the benefit of 
acceleration of certain outstanding and unvested Mobileye Options and Mobileye RSUs in connection with the 
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, Professor Shashua agreed to a revised vesting schedule 
pursuant to which (a) no such Mobileye Options or Mobileye RSUs will vest prior to the third anniversary of the 
Acquisition• (b) 50% of such Mobileye Options and Mobileye RSUs will vest upon the third year anniversary of 
the Acquisition, and (c) the remaining 50% of such Mobileye Options and Mobileye RSUs will vest on the fourth 
year anniversary of the Acquisition, subject, in each case, to Professor Shashua's continued employment by 
Mobileye or an affiliate of Intel through the applicable vesting date. However, in the event that, following the 
Acquisition, Professor Shashua's employment is terminated by Mobileye for any reason other than cause (as 
defined in his employment agreement), or Professor Shashua resigns under circumstances constituting a deemed 
dismissal (as defined in his employment agreement). including, but not limited to• the requirement that 
Professor Shashua report to anyone other than Intel's chief executive officer, any unvested Mobileye Options and 
Mobileye RSUs held by Professor Shashua will immediately vest 
12. Purpose of the Offer; Plans for Mobileye. 
Purpose of the Offer. The purpose of the Offer is for Purchaser to acquire all of Mobileye's outstanding 
equity interests so that Purchaser will own and control all of Mobileye's business, operations and assets. The 
purpose of the Post-Offer Reorganization is to acquire all outstanding Shares not tendered and purchased 
pursuant to the Offer and the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering 
Period). If the Offer Closing occurs. Purchaser may elect to consummate the Post-Offer Reorganization as 
described below. 
Following the Acceptance Time. Purchaser will provide for the Subsequent Offering Period of at least 10 
business days in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act and in accordance with the Purchase 
Agreement. in the event that prior to the expiration of the Subsequent Offering Period. Purchaser or one of its 
affiliates elects to exercise the Call Option or effectuate the A.sset Sale. Purchaser will extend the Subsequent 
Offering Period for the Minority Exit Offering Period of at least five business days. The purpose of the 
Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period) is to offer to acquire 
outstanding Shares that were not tendered pursuant to the Offer. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083581 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229765 
EFTA01383761

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383762.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383762.pdf
----------------------------------------
If the Offer is consummated. Purchaser expects that certain of the current directors of the Mobileye Board 
will resign. other than at least two independent, non-executive directors as mutually agreed upon by Purchaser 
and Mobileye (unless two of the current independent, non-executive directors do not agree to serve on the 
Mobileye Board after the Offer Closing, in which case Purchaser shall designate replacement directors who shall 
at all times be independent from Intel and Purchaser), who Purchaser expects will remain on the Mobileye Board 
until the earlier of (a) such time after the Offer Closing as Purchaser owns 1004E of the outstanding Shares and 
(b) the date the completion of the Second Step Distribution and Liquidation. Purchaser expects that, subject to 
the receipt of approval of the Governance Resolutions by Mobileye shareholders at the EGM. at least five 
designees of Purchaser will be appointed to the Mobileye Board effective upon the Offer Closing. 
After the Offer Closing. Purchaser intends to cause Mobileye to terminate the listing of the Shares on the 
NYSE (the "Delisting"). As a result, we anticipate that there will not be an active trading market for the Shares. 
In addition, after the Offer Closing. Purchaser intends to cause Mobileye to terminate the registration of the 
Shares under the Exchange Act as promptly as practicable and take steps to cause the suspension of the reporting 
obligations with respect to Mobileye's Shares with the SEC. 
In addition, you should be aware that, after amendment of Mobileye's articles of association, following the 
Offer Closing, pursuant to the Conversion Resolutions proposed to be approved at the EGM. record ownership of 
Mobileye shares can only be transferred pursuant to a notarial deed executed before a Dutch notary, which will 
require compliance with various administrative formalities under Dutch law and will require shareholders to 
incur costs for Dutch notarial fees when they transfer Mobileye shares. If such amendment to Mobileye's articles 
of association becomes effective prior to or during the Subsequent Offering Period or the Minority Exit Offering 
Period, then all transfers of record ownership of the Shares to the Purchaser during the Subsequent Offering 
Period and (if applicable) the Minority Exit Offering Period must be effected by way of a notarial deed executed 
before a Dutch notary: this will cause transfers of record ownership of Shares to the Purchaser during such 
extensions of the Offer to be substantially more expensive, cumbersome and time-consuming than transfers of 
record ownership of Shares to the Purchaser prior to the Expiration Time. Furthermore. you should be aware that 
after the second amendment of Mobileye's articles of association pursuant to the Conversion Resolutions 
following the Delisting ("Amendment No. 2"). any share acquired by a Mobileye shareholder after the date of 
Amendment No. 2 would not be transferable prior to March I, 2019. unless the Mobileye Board has approved 
such transfer. 
If you sell your Shares pursuant to the Offer (including during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be 
extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period)), you will cease to have any equity interest in Mobileye or any 
right to participate in its earnings and future growth. If you do not tender your Shares, but the Post-Offer 
Reorganization is consummated. you also will no longer have an equity interest in Mobileye. Similarly. after 
selling your Shares pursuant to the Offer (including during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be 
extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period)), you will not bear the risk of any decrease in the value of 
Mobileye. 
Post-Offer Reorganization. As promptly as practicable following the closing of the Subsequent Offering 
Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period). Intel or Purchaser may effectuate or cause 
to be effectuated, at Intel's or Purchaser's election, the Post-Offer Reorganization. The Post-Offer 
Reorganization will utilize processes available to Purchaser under Dutch law to ensure that (a) Purchaser 
becomes the owner of all of Mobileye's business operations from and after the consummation of the Post-Offer 
Reorganization and (b) any Mobileye shareholders who do not tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer 
(including during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period)) 
are offered or receive the same consideration for their Shares as those shareholders who tendered their Shares 
pursuant to the Offer (including during the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority 
Exit Offering Period)), without interest and less applicable withholding taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in 
the event that the Compulsory Acquisition is implemented. then the Dutch Court will determine the price to be 
paid for the Shares. Although Intel and Purchaser will use their reasonable best efforts to cause the per Share 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083582 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229768 
EFTA01383762

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383763.pdf
----------------------------------------
at least 95% of Mobileye's issued capital (geplaatst kapitaal). and Purchaser and Intel elect to have Purchaser 
commence the Compulsory Acquisition, Purchaser would then complete the Post-Offer Reorganization by 
commencing a statutory proceeding before the Dutch Court for the Compulsory Acquisition of Shares held by 
non-tendering Mobileye shareholders in accordance with Section 2:92a or Section 2:201a of the DCC. While 
Intel and Purchaser will use their reasonable best efforts to cause the per Share price paid in the Compulsory 
Acquisition to be equal to the Offer Consideration, the Dutch Court has sole discretion to determine the per Share 
price, which may be greater than, equal to or less than the Offer Consideration (with such price potentially being 
increased by Dutch Statutory Interest). Any dividend or other distribution made by Mobileye to Mobileye 
shareholders during such period will be credited against the amount to be paid by Purchaser to the non-tendering 
Mobileye shareholders. The Dutch Court may appoint one or three experts to provide a valuation of the Shares 
that were not tendered pursuant to the Offer. Upon execution (tettuitvoeriegging) of the Dutch Court's ruling in 
the Compulsory Acquisition, each non-tendering Mobileye shareholder will receive the Dutch Court-determined 
per Share price and Purchaser will become the sole shareholder of Mobileye. 
Alternative Post-Offer Reorganization Measures. The Purchase Agreement provides that Intel or Purchaser 
may also effectuate (and cause Mobileye to effectuate) the Past-Offer Reorganization by means of any of the 
following alternative manners (each an "Alternative Past-Closing Restructuring'): 
• an election by Mobileye pursuant to U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 301.7701.3 to be classified as a 
partnership or as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal tax purposes, as reasonably determined by Intel 
or Purchaser; 
the exercise of the Call Option: 
• 
a statutory legal merger (juridischefruie) in accordance with Article 2:309 et seq. of the DCC between 
Mobileye (as the disappearing company) and Purchaser (as the acquiring company). pursuant to which 
merger the shareholders of Mobileye shall receive shares of Purchaser ("Buyer Shares"), cash or 
receivables in accordance with Article 2:325 of the DCC (or a mix of any of the foregoing). upon 
which merger the holders of the Buyer Shares shall be granted the right to exchange Buyer Shares with 
Intel or one of its affiliates, for securities of Intel at any time before a date to be set by Intel or 
Purchaser, after which date the Buyer Shares shall be redeemed; 
• a statutory (cross-border or domestic) legal (bilateral or triangular) merger (juridische 
(driehoeks-ifitsie) in accordance with Article 2:309 et seq. of the DCC between Mobileye. Purchaser or 
any affiliate of Intel; 
• 
a statutory legal (bilateral or triangular) demerger (juridische (driehoeks-) splitsing) of Mobileye in 
accordance with Article 2:334a et seq. of the DCC; 
• a contribution of cash and/or assets by Purchaser. Intel or by any affiliate of Intel in exchange for 
ordinary shares in Mobileye's share capital, in which circumstances the pre-emptive rights 
(voorkeursrechten), if any, of the minority shareholders of Mobileye could be excluded; 
• 
a sale and transfer of assets and liabilities (a) by Mobileye or a subsidiary of Mobileye to Purchaser, 
Intel or an affiliate of Intel. or (b) by Purchaser. Intel or any affiliate of Intel to Mobileye or any 
subsidiary of Mobileye, on terms substantially similar to the terms agreed for the Asset Sale to the 
extent this relates to substantially all of the assets and liabilities of Mobileye and its subsidiaries: 
• 
a distribution of proceeds, cash and/or assets to the shareholders of Mobileye or share buybacks: 
• a dissolution and/or liquidation of Mobileye; 
• a subsequent public offer for any Shares held by the minority shareholders of Mobileye; 
• a conversion of Mobileye into a private company with limited liability (ix-stolen vennootschap met 
beperkte aansprakelijkheid or B.V.); 
• 
any transactions between Mobileye and Intel or Purchaser or their respective affiliates at terms that are 
not at arm's length: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083584 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229768 
EFTA01383763

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383764.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383764.pdf
----------------------------------------
To the best knowledge of Purchaser and Intel. except for certain pre-existing agreements described in the 
Schedule 14D-9. no employment, equity contribution, or other agreement. arrangement or understanding between 
any executive officer or director of Mobileye, on the one hand. and Intel. Purchaser or Mobileye. on the other 
hand, existed as of the date of the Purchase Agreement, and the Offer is not conditioned upon any executive 
officer or director of Mobileye entering into any such agreement. arrangement or understanding. 
It is possible that, in addition to the Employment Agreement Addendum, certain members of Mobileye's 
current management team will enter into new employment arrangements with Mobileye after the completion of 
the Offer and the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. Such arrangements may include the 
right to purchase or participate in the equity of Intel or its affiliates. There can be no assurance that any parties 
will reach an agreement on any terms. or at all. 
13. Certain Effects of the Offer. 
Market for the Shares. The purchase of Shafts pursuant to the Offer will reduce the number of Mobileye 
shareholders and the number of Shares that might otherwise trade publicly, which could adversely affect the 
liquidity and market value of the remaining Shares. We cannot predict whether the reduction in the number of 
Shares that might otherwise trade publicly would have an adverse or beneficial effect on the market price for, or 
marketability of, the Shares or whether such reduction would cause future market prices to be greater or less than 
the Offer Consideration. 
In addition, you should be aware that, after amendment of Mobileye's articles of association, effective as of 
the Offer axing, pursuant to the Conversion Resolutions proposed to be approved at the ECM. record 
ownership of Mobileye shares can only be transferred pursuant to a notarial deed executed before a Dutch notary. 
which will require compliance by the transferor and transferee of Shares with various administrative formalities 
under Dutch law and will also require shareholders to incur costs for Dutch notarial fees when they transfer 
Mobileye shares. Furthermore, you should be aware that after Amendment No. 2. any share acquired by a 
Mobileye shareholder after the date of Amendment No. 2 would not be transferable prior to March 1. 2019. 
unless the Mobileye Board has approved such transfer. 
NYSE Listing. Depending upon the number of Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, the Shares may no 
longer meet the standards for continued listing on the NYSE. According to the NYSE's published guidelines, the 
Shares would not meet the criteria for continued listing on the NYSE if. among other things, the total number of 
Mobileye shareholders is not at least 400. If, as a result of the purchase of the Shares pursuant to the Offer, the 
Shares no longer meet these criteria, the listing of Shares on the NYSE would be discontinued and the market for 
the Shares will be adversely affected. Regardless of whether the Shares continue to meet the criteria for 
continued listing on the NYSE, after the Offer Closing, we intend to cause Mobileye to terminate the listing of 
the Shares on the NYSE. 
Margin Regulations. The Shares are currently "margin securities" under the Regulations of the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board"), which has the effect, among other 
things, of allowing brokers to extend credit on the collateral of the Shares. Depending upon factors similar to 
those described above regarding the market for the Shares and listing, it is possible that, following the Offer, the 
Shares would no longer constitute "margin securities" for the purposes of the margin regulations of the Federal 
Reserve Board and, therefore, could no longer be used as collateral for loans made by brokers. 
Exchange Act Registration. The Shares are currently registered under the Exchange Act. Such registration 
may be terminated upon application by Mobileye to the SEC if the Shares are neither listed on a national 
securities exchange nor held by 300 or more holders of record. subject to fulfilling certain conditions. 
Termination of registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act would substantially reduce the information 
required to be furnished by Mobileye to its shareholders and to the SEC and would make certain provisions of the 
Exchange Act no longer applicable to Mobileye. Furthermore, the ability of "affiliates" of Mobileye and persons 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083586 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229770 
EFTA01383764

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383765.pdf
----------------------------------------
(g) 
(h) 
(I) 
the Material Adverse Effect Condition: 
certain directors who are being replaced have resigned from the Mobileye Board in accordance with the 
Purchase Agreement: 
the Governance Resolutions have been adopted at the EGM or a subsequent EGM: 
Mobileye has delivered to Intel a certificate signed by an authorized officer of Mobileye dated as of the 
date on which the Offer expires certifying that the conditions to the Offer specified in (d), (e). and (f) 
above have been satisfied: and 
(j) the Purchase Agreement has not been terminated in accordance with its terms. 
The foregoing conditions are in addition to. and not a limitation of, the rights of Purchaser to extend. 
terminate or modify the Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement. Subject to 
the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. Purchaser expressly reserves the right at any time prior to the 
Expiration Time to waive, in whole or in part, any condition to the Offer and to make any change in the genre of 
or conditions to the Offer. However. Purchaser will not, and Intel will cause Purchaser not to (without the prior 
written consent of Mobikye): (a) waive or change the Minimum Condition (except to the extent contemplated 
under the Purchase Agreement): (b) decrease the Offer Consideration: (c) change the form of consideration to be 
paid in the Offer (d) decrease the number of Shares sought in the Offer (e) extend or otherwise change the 
Expiration Time (except as provided in the Purchase Agreement): or (f) impose additional conditions to the Offer 
or otherwise amend, modify or supplement any of the conditions to the Offer or terms of the Offer in a manner 
adverse to Mobileye shareholders. 
The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Intel and Purchaser and may be asserted by Intel or 
Purchaser regardless of the circumstances giving rise to any such condition or may be waived (subject to 
applicable law) by Intel or Purchaser in its sole discretion, in each case subject to the terms of the Purchase 
Agreement and applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. In addition, each of the foregoing conditions Ls 
independent of any of the other foregoing conditions: the exclusion of any event from a particular condition does 
not mean that such event may not be included in another condition. Notwithstanding the fact that Intel and 
Purchaser reserve the right to assert the existence of any condition to the Offer, Intel and Purchaser understand 
that all conditions to the Offer, other than those dependent upon the receipt of necessary governmental regulatory 
approvals, must be satisfied or waived (subject to applicable law) prior to the Expiration Time. 
16. Certain Legal Matters: Regulatory Approvals. 
General. Except as described in this Section 16. based on our examination of publicly available information 
filed by Mobileye with the SEC and other information provided by Mobileye, we are not aware of any 
governmental license or regulatory permit that appears to be material to Mobileye's business that might be 
adversely affected by our acquisition of Shares as contemplated in this Offer to Purchase or of any approval or 
other action by any governmental, administrative or regulatory authority or agency, domestic or foreign, that 
would be required for the acquisition or ownership of Shares by Purchaser as contemplated in this Offer to 
Purchase. Should any such approval or other action be required, we currently contemplate that such approval or 
other action will be sought. While Purchaser does not currently intend to delay acceptance for payment of Shares 
tendered pursuant to the Offer pending the outcome of any such matter, there can be no assurance that any such 
approval or other action, if needed, would be obtained or would be obtained without substantial conditions or that 
if such approvals were not obtained or such other actions were not taken. adverse consequences might not result 
to Mobileye's business, any of which under certain conditions specified in the Purchase Agreement, could cause 
Purchaser to terminate (and Intel to cause Purchaser to terminate) the Offer without the purchase of Shares 
thereunder under certain conditions. See Section 15 —"Certain Conditions of the Offer." 
Compliance with the HSR Act. Under the HSR Act, and the related rules and regulations that have been 
issued by the Federal Trade Commission of the United States (the "FTC"), certain transactions may not be 
consummated until specified information and documentary material ("Premerger Notification and Report 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083588 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229772 
EFTA01383765

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383766.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383766.pdf
----------------------------------------
Forms") have been furnished to the FTC and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice of the United 
States (the "Antitrust Division") and certain waiting periods have been terminated or expired. These 
requirements of the HSR Act apply to the acquisition of Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Purchase 
Agreement. 
Under the HSR Act, our purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer may not be completed until the expiration 
of a 15 calendar day waiting period following the filing by Purchaser, of its Premerger Notification and Report 
Form concerning the Offer with the FTC and the Antitrust Division. unless the waiting period is earlier 
terminated or extended by the FTC or the Antitrust Division. The required waiting period with respect to the 
Offer and the Purchase Agreement will expire at 11:59 p.m.. New York City time, 15 calendar days after filing 
(unless the 15th day falls on a weekend or holiday, in which case the 15th day is extended to the next business 
day). unless the waiting period is earlier terminated by the FTC or the Antitrust Division. unless Purchaser 
withdraws its Premerger Notification and Report Form before the expiration of the initial 15 calendar day waiting 
period and refiles it thereafter, and unless the FTC or the Antitrust Division extends the waiting period by issuing 
a request for additional information and documentary material (a "Second Request") prior to expiry of the initial 
waiting period. If within the initial waiting period. Purchaser withdraws and refiles its Premerger Notification 
and Report Form. the HSR Act waiting period will restart and will expire 15 calendar days following the re-filing 
of the Premerger Notification and Report Form unless the waiting period is earlier terminated by the FTC or the 
Antitrust Division, and unless the FTC or the Antitrust Division extends the waiting period by issuing a Second 
Request prior to expiry of the initial waiting period. If within the initial waiting period either the FTC or the 
Antitrust Division issues a Second Request, the waiting period with respect to the Offer and the Purchase 
Agreement would be extended until 10 calendar days following the date of substantial compliance by Purchaser 
with that request. unless the FTC or the Antitrust Division terminates the additional waiting period before its 
expiration. After the expiration of the 10 calendar day waiting period following substantial compliance with the 
Second Request by Purchaser, the waiting period could be extended only by court order or with Purchaser's 
consent. In practice, complying with a Second Request can take a significant period of time. Although Mobileye 
is required to file certain information and documentary material with the FTC and the Antitrust Division in 
connection with the Offer, neither Mobileye's failure to make those filings nor a request for additional 
documents and information issued to Mobileye from the FTC or the Antitrust Division will extend the waiting 
period with respect to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Purchase Agreement. 
The FTC and the Antitrust Division will scrutinize the legality under the antitrust laws of Purchaser's 
proposed acquisition of Mobileye. At any time before or after Purchaser's acceptance for payment of Shares 
pursuant to the Offer, if the Antitrust Division or the FTC believes that the Offer would violate the U.S. federal 
antitrust laws by substantially lessening competition in any line of commerce affecting U.S. consumers, the FTC 
and the Antitrust Division have the authority to challenge the transaction by seeking a federal court order 
enjoining the transaction or, if shares have already been acquired. requiring disposition of such Shares, or the 
divestiture of substantial assets of Purchaser. Mobileye, or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates or 
requiring other conduct relief. United States state attorneys general and private persons may also bring legal 
action under the antitrust laws seeking similar relief or seeking conditions to the completion of the Offer. While 
Intel believes that consummation of the Offer would not violate any antitrust laws, there can be no assurance that 
a challenge to the Offer on antitrust grounds will not be made or, if a challenge is made, what the result will be. If 
any such action is threatened or commenced by the FTC, the Antitrust Division or any state or any other person. 
Purchaser may not be obligated to consummate the Offer if such action would result in the failure of a condition 
of the Offer. See Section 15 —"Certain Conditions of the Offer." 
Foreign Competition Law Filings. Mobileye and Purchaser and certain of their respective subsidiaries 
conduct business in several countries outside of the United States. Based on a review of the information currently 
available about the businesses in which Purchaser, Mobileye and their respective affiliates are engaged, 
Purchaser and Mobileye have determined that, at a minimum, filings with the German Competition Authority, 
the Israel Antitrust Authority, and the Korea Fair Trade Commission. and the other waiting periods promulgated 
or the approvals required under the competition laws of Germany. Korea, and Israel, in each case, to the extent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083589 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229773 
EFTA01383766

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383767.pdf
----------------------------------------
applicable, shall have. respectively, expired or been received before the transactions contemplated by the 
Purchase Agreement may close. Descriptions of the filing process for each of these jurisdictions are provided in 
Item 8 of the Schedule 14D-9. In accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement. Mobileye. Intel and 
Purchaser have agreed to promptly (and consistent with market practice) make all such filings. 
Intel and Purchaser are not currently aware of. but are still in the process of determining whether there are. 
any other pre-closing antitrust or competition law filings required in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. 
Going Private Transactions. The SEC has adopted Rule I 3e-3 under the Exchange Act, which is applicable 
to certain "going private" transactions, and which may under certain circumstances be applicable to the Post-
Offer Reorganization or other business combination following the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer in 
which Purchaser seeks to acquire the remaining Shares not then held by it. Purchaser believes that Rule I3e-3 
under the Exchange Act will not be applicable to the Post-Offer Reorganization because Purchaser was not, at the 
time the Purchase Agreement was executed, and is not an affiliate of Mobileye (for purposes of the Exchange 
Act): it is anticipated that the Post-Offer Reorganization will be effected as soon as practicable after the 
consummation of the Offer (and in any event within one year following the consummation of the Offer): and. in 
the Post-Offer Reorganization, shareholders will receive the same price per Share as the Offer Consideration. 
17. Appraisal Rights. 
Mobileye shareholders are not entitled under Dutch law or otherwise to appraisal rights with respect to the 
Offer. However, in the event that after the Subsequent Offering Period (as it may be extended by the Minority 
Exit Offering Period). Intel or its affiliates hold less than 100% but at least 955E of Mobileye's issued capital 
(geplaatst kapitaal). Purchaser may elect to effectuate, or to cause its designee to effectuate, the Past-Offer 
Reorganization by means of the Compulsory Acquisition proceeding pursuant to which it will acquire all Shares 
held by non-tendering Mobileye shareholders in accordance with Section 2:92a or Section 2:20Ia of the DCC. In 
the Compulsory Acquisition proceeding, while Intel and Purchaser will use their reasonable best efforts to cause 
the per Share price paid in the Compulsory Acquisition to be equal to the Offer Consideration, the Dutch Court 
has sole discretion to determine the per Share price. which may be greater than, equal to or less than the Offer 
Consideration, with such price potentially being increased by Dutch Statutory Interest. The non-tendering 
Mobileye shareholders do not have the right to commence a Compulsory Acquisition proceeding to oblige 
Purchaser to buy their Shares. 
18. Fees and Expenses. 
Purchaser has retained D.F. King & Co.. ►nc. to be the Information Agent and American Stock Transfer & 
Trust Company. LLC to be the Depositary in connection with the Offer. As part of the services included in such 
retention, the Information Agent may contact Mobileye shareholders by mail, telephone. telecopy, telegraph. 
personal interview, electronic mail, and other methods of electronic communication and may request brokers. 
dealers, commercial banks, trust companies, and other nominees to forward materials relating to the Offer to 
beneficial owners of Shares. 
The Information Agent and the Depositary each will receive reasonable and customary compensation for 
their respective services in connection with the Offer. will be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses 
and will be indemnified against certain liabilities and expenses in connection therewith, including certain 
liabilities under federal securities laws. 
Except as set forth above, neither Intel nor Purchaser will pay any fees or commissions to any broker or 
dealer or to any other person (other than to the Depositary and the Information Agent) in connection with the 
solicitation of tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer. Brokers, dealers, commercial banks. trust companies, and 
other nominees will, upon request, be reimbursed by Purchaser for customary mailing and handling expenses 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083590 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229774 
EFTA01383767

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383768.pdf
----------------------------------------
incurred by them in forwarding offering materials to their customers. In those jurisdictions where applicable laws 
require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer. the Offer will be deemed to be made on behalf of 
Purchaser by one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction to be 
designated by Purchaser. 
19. Miscellaneous. 
The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) Mobileye shareholders in 
any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the 
securities, blue sky, or other laws of such jurisdiction. However, we may. in our discretion, take such action as 
we deem necessary to make the Offer comply with the laws of any such jurisdiction and extend the Offer to 
Mobileye shareholders in such jurisdiction in compliance with applicable laws. In those jurisdictions where 
applicable laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer will be deemed to be made 
on behalf of Purchaser by one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction 
to be designated by Purchaser. 
No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation on behalf of 
Intel or Purchaser not contained herein or in the Letter of Transmittal, and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized. No broker, dealer, hank. 
trust company, fiduciary, or other person will be deemed to be the agent of Intel. Purchaser, the 
Depositary, or the Information Agent for the purpose of the Offer. 
Intel and Purchaser have filed with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO pursuant to 
Rule 14d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act, together with exhibits furnishing 
certain additional information with respect to the Offer, and may file amendments thereto. A copy of such 
documents, and any amendments thereto. may be examined at. and copies may be obtained from, the SEC in the 
manner set forth under Section 8 —"Certain Information Concerning Intel and Purchaser." 
Mobileye is required under the rules of the SEC to file its Solicitation/Recommendation Statement with the 
SEC on Schedule 14D-9 no later than 10 business days from the date of this Offer to Purchase. sexing forth the 
recommendation of the Mobikye Board with respect to the Offer and the reasons for such recommendation and 
furnishing certain additional related information. A copy of such documents. and any amendments thereto. may. 
when filed. be examined at. and copies may be obtained from, the SEC in the manner set forth under Section 7 —
'Certain Information Concerning Mobileye" above. 
Cyclops Holdings. LLC 
Intel Corporation 
April 5,2017 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083591 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229775 
EFTA01383768

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383769.pdf
----------------------------------------
SCHEDULE I 
INFORMATION RELATING TO INTEL AND PURCHASER 
Inlet The following table sets forth the name, business address and telephone number, citizenship. present 
principal occupation, employment and academic history. material occupations, positions, offices or employment 
for at least the past five years of each of the executive officers and directors of Intel. The current business address 
of each person is 2200 Mission College Blvd.. Santa Clara, California. 95054. and the current business telephone 
number is (408) 765-8080. As used in this Schedule I. "Intel" refers to Intel Corporation and its direct and 
indirect subsidiaries. 
Name 
Otttenshlp 
Present Principal Occupation or Employment 
Andy D. Bryant 
United States 
Function: Chairman. Board of Directors: Member. Executive 
Committee 
Professional Background: Bryant joined Intel in 1981 as controller for 
the Commercial Memory Systems Operation and in 1983 became 
Systems Group Controller. In 1987 he was promoted to director of 
Finance for the corporation, and was appointed vice president and 
director of Finance of the Intel Products Group in 1990. Bryant became 
CFO in February 1994. and was promoted to senior vice president in 
January 1999. Bryant expanded his role to Chief Financial and 
Enterprise Services Officer in December 1999. In October 2007. Bryant 
was named Chief Administrative Officer. In 2009 Bryant's 
responsibilities expanded to include the Technology and Manufacturing 
Group. Bryant was named a director and vice chairman of Intel's Board 
of Directors in July 2011 and chairman of the Board in May 2012. 
Prior to joining Intel. he held positions in finance at Ford Motor 
Company and Chrysler Corporation. Bryant holds a bachelor's degree in 
economics from the University of Missouri and a master's degree in 
business administration with a concentration in finance from the 
University of Kansas. 
Brian M. Krzanich United States 
Function: Chief Executive Officer, Director. Board of Directors: 
Member. Executive Committee 
Professional Background: Brian M. Krzanich was appointed chief 
executive officer of Intel Corporation and elected a member of the board 
of directors on May 16. 2013. He is the sixth CEO in the company's 
history. succeeding Paul S. Otellini. 
Krzanich has progressed through a series of technical and leadership 
roles at Intel, most recently serving as the chief operating officer (COO) 
from 2012 to 2013. As COO. his responsibilities included leading an 
organization of more than 50.000 employees spanning Intel's 
Technology and Manufacturing Group. Intel Custom Foundry, supply 
chain operations, the NAND Solutions group, human resources. 
information technology, and Intel's China strategy. 
His open-minded approach to problem solving and listening to 
customers' needs has extended the company's product and technology 
leadership and created billions of dollars in value for the company. In 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083592 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229778 
EFTA01383769

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383770.pdf
----------------------------------------
Nice 
Robert H. Swan 
Citizenship 
Present Principal Occupaiion or Employment 
2006. he drove a broad transformation of Intel's factories and supply 
chain, improving factory velocity by more than 60 percent and doubling 
customer responsiveness. Krzanich is also involved in advancing the 
industry's transition to lower cost 450mm wafer manufacturing through 
the Global 450 Consortium as well as leading Intel's strategic 
investment in lithography supplier ASML. 
Prior to becoming COO, Krzanich held senior leadership positions 
within Intel's manufacturing organization. He was responsible for Fab! 
Sort Manufacturing from 2007-2011 and Assembly and Test from 2003 
to 2007. From 2001 to 2003. he was responsible for the implementation 
of the 0.13-micron logic process technology across Intel's global factory 
network. From 1997 to 2001, Krzanich served as the Fab 17 plant 
manager, where he oversaw the integration of Digital Equipment 
Corporation's semiconductor manufacturing operations into Intel's 
manufacturing network. The assignment included building updated 
facilities as well as initiating and ramping 0.18-micron and 0.13-micron 
process technologies. Prior to this role. Knanich held plant and 
manufacturing manager roles at multiple Intel factories. 
Knanich began his career at Intel in 1982 in New Mexico as a process 
engineer. He holds a bachelor's degree in Chemistry from San Jose State 
University and has one patent for semiconductor processing. Krzanich is 
also a member of the board of directors of the Semiconductor Industry 
Association. 
United States 
Function: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Professional Background: Robert (Bob) H. Swan is executive vice 
president and chief financial officer (CFO) at Intel Corporation. He 
oversees Intel's global finance organization, including finance. 
accounting and reporting, tax, treasury, internal audit, and investor 
relations; Information Technology: and the company's Corporate 
Strategy Office. 
Swan joined Intel in October 2016 from General Atlantic LLC. a global 
growth equity investment firm, where he served as an operating partner 
working closely with the firm's global portfolio companies on growth 
objectives from September 2015 to September 2016. 
Before joining General Atlantic in 2015. Swan served as CFO of eBay 
Inc. from March 2006 to July 2016. In that role, he had responsibility 
over all aspects of eBay's finance functions, including controllership, 
financial planning and analysis, tax, treasury, audit, mergers and 
acquisitions. and investor relations. Earlier in his career. Swan served as 
CFO of Electronic Data Systems Corp. and TRW Inc., and as CFO, chief 
operating officer and chief executive officer of Webvan Group Inc. He 
began his career in 1985 at General Electric. holding various senior 
finance roles during his 15-year tenure there. 
Swan earned his bachelor's degree in business administration from the 
University of Buffalo and his MBA degree from Binghamton 
University. He serves on the board of directors at eBay. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083593 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229777 
EFTA01383770

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383771.pdf
----------------------------------------
Name 
ClItraiship 
l'reyent Principal Occupalion or Employment 
Diane M. Bryant 
United States 
Venkata S.M. 
("Murthy") 
Renduchintala 
Function: Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Data 
Center Group 
Professional Background: Diane M. Bryant has served as general 
manager of the Data Center Group for Intel Corporation since February 
2012 and as executive vice president since April 2016. Bryant leads the 
worldwide organization that develops the data center platforms for the 
digital services economy, generating $17 billion in revenue in 2016. 
In her current role, she manages the data center P&L, strategy, and 
product development for cloud service providers, communications 
service providers, enterprise and government infrastructure, spanning 
server. storage. and network solutions. 
Previously, Bryant was corporate vice president and chief information 
officer of Intel. She was responsible for the corporate-wide information 
technology solutions and services that enabled Inters business strategies 
for growth and efficiency. 
A tireless advocate for women and underrepresented minorities, Bryant 
has served as the executive sponsor of the Network of Intel African 
American Employees and on the technical board of the Anita Borg 
Institute. She was named among Fortune's 50 Most Powerful Women in 
Business in 2015 and 2016. In 2016, World Affairs and its Global 
Philanthropy Forum honored Bryant with its Global Citizen Award. 
Business Insider ranked Bryant #32 in the list of "Silicon Valley 100" of 
2016. She is an Intel spokesperson for STEM education. and established 
the Diane Bryant endowed scholarship fund for Diversity in Engineering 
at U.C. Davis. In 2017, U.C. Davis honored Bryant with "Outstanding 
Alumnus of the Year." 
She was elected to the United Technologies Corp. board of directors in 
December 2016. 
Bryant received her bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from 
U.C. Davis in 1985 and joined Intel the same year. She attended the 
Stanford Executive Program and holds four U.S. patents. 
United Kingdom Function: Executive Vice President and President, Client and Internet of 
Things Businesses and System Architecture Group 
Professional Background: Dr. Renduchintala has served as executive 
vice president and president, Client and Internet of Things Businesses 
and System Architecture Group since November 2015. From 2004 to 
2015, Dr. Renduchintala held various senior positions at Qualcomm 
Incorporated, most recently as Co-President of Qualcomm CDMA 
Technologies from June 2012 to November 2015 and Executive Vice 
President of Qualcomm Technologies Inc. from October 2012 to 
November 2015. Before joining Qualcomm. Dr. Renduchintala served as 
Vice President and General Manager of the Cellular Systems Division of 
Skyworks Solutions Inc./Conexant Systems Inc. and he spent a decade 
with Philips Electronics, where he held various positions, including Vice 
President of Engineering for its consumer communications business. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083594 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229778 
EFTA01383771

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383772.pdf
----------------------------------------
Name 
entranhip 
Stacy J. Smith 
United States 
Present Principal Occupa I ion or Employment 
Function: Executive Vice President. Manufacturing. Operations and 
Sales of Intel 
Professional Background: Stacy J. Smith has served as executive vice 
president, Manufacturing. Operations and Sales since October 2016. 
From November 2012 to October 2016, Mr. Smith served as Executive 
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Previously. Mr. Smith served as 
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from January 2010 to 
November 2012; Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from 2007 to 
2010; and Vice President, Assistant Chief Financial Officer from 2006 
to 2007. From 2004 to 2006, Mr. Smith served as Vice President, 
Finance and Enterprise Services and Chief Information Officer. Mr. 
Smith joined Intel in 1988. Mr. Smith also serves on the board of 
directors of Autodesk. Inc. 
Charlene 
United States 
Function: Director, Board of Directors; Chair, Finance Committee 
Barshefsky 
Aneel Bhusri 
United States 
Professional Background: Ambassador Charlene Barshefsky has been 
a director of Intel since January 2004 and has been a senior international 
partner at Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Don LLP since 2001. 
Formerly the United States Trade Representative. Ambassador 
Barshefsky was the chief trade negotiator and principal trade 
policymaker for the United States from 1997 to 2001 and a member of 
the President's Cabinet. 
Ambassador Barshefsky serves on the corporate board of directors of the 
American Express Co.; The Estee Lauder Cos. Inc. and Stanwood Hotels 
& Resorts Worldwide Inc. 
Function: Director, Board of Directors; Member, Corporate Governance 
and Nominating Committee. 
Professional Background: Aneel Bhusri is a co-founder of and has 
served as chief executive officer of Workday Inc... a leader in enterprise 
cloud applications for human resources and finance. since May 2014. He 
served as Co•CEO from September 2009 to May 2014. and as chairman 
from January 2012 to May 2014. He is also a member of the Workday 
board of directors, and served as chairman of the board from 2012 until 
May 2014. Bhusri has been a leader, product visionary and innovator in 
the enterprise software industry for more than 20 years. 
Bhusri serves on the boards of Intel, Cloudera. Okta, Pure Storage and 
Tipping Point Community. He served as a partner at Greylock Partners 
from 1999 to 2015. and currently serves as an advisory partner. Before 
co•founding Workday in 2005, Bhusri held a number of leadership 
positions at PeopleSoft, including senior vice president responsible for 
product strategy. business development and marketing, and vice 
chairman of the board. 
Bhusri received an MBA from Stanford University and holds bachelor's 
degrees in electrical engineering and economics from Brown University. 
He is a Crown Fellow at the Aspen Institute. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083595 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229779 
EFTA01383772

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383773.pdf
----------------------------------------
Name 
allreitsklp 
Present Principal Occupation or Employment 
John J. Donahoe 
United States 
Function: Director. Board of Directors; Chair, Executive Committee; 
Co-Chair, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 
Professional Background: John Donahoe was elected to the Intel board 
of directors in March 2009. Donahoe has served as chairman of the 
board of PayPal Holdings Inc.. a technology platform company, since 
July 2015. He was president and CEO of eBay Inc., a global e-
commerce company that includes lending online brands eBay and 
PayPal, from March 2008 to July 2015. 
Prior to joining eBay in 2005, Donahoe spent more than 20 years at 
consulting firm Bain & Co. He serves on Nike Inc.'s board of directors. 
and he is also a member of the President's Export Council. 
Reed E. Hundt 
United States 
Function: Director, Board of Directors; Member, Audit Committee; 
Member. Compensation Committee 
Professional Background: Reed E. Hundt has been a Principal of REH 
Advisors LLC, a strategic advice firm in Washington. D.C. since 2009 
and CEO of the Coalition for Green Capital, a non-profit headquartered 
in Washington. D.C. that promotes the development of state. federal, and 
international green banks since 2010, and a senior adviser to GTCR, a 
private equity firm since 2009. He is on the boards of Intel Corporation. 
the leading manufacturer of semiconductor chips in the world; Smart 
Sky Networks, a communications network firm: ASSIA, a 
communications software firm; and RBI. a rural cable company. He is 
also an adviser to various technology startups. He was chairman of the 
Federal Communications Commission from 1993 to 1997. and he was a 
member of President Obama's transition team in 2008 — 2009. His 
publications include: "Zero Hour: Time to Rebuild the Clean Power 
Platform" (Odyssey Editions. 2013): "The Politics of Abundance: How 
Technology Can Fix the Budget. Revive the American Dream, and 
Establish Obama's Legacy." an e-book co-authored with Blair Levin 
(Odyssey Editions, 2012): "In China's Shadow: The Crisis of American 
Entrepreneurship" (Yale University Press. 2006); and "You Say You 
Want a Revolution: A Story of Information Age Politics" (Yale 
University Press, 2000). 
Omar lshrak 
United States 
Function: Director 
Professional Background: Omar Ishralc was elected to Intel's board of 
directors in March 2017. He is the chairman and chief executive officer 
of Medtronic. a global leader in medical technology, and has served in 
that role since 2011. Prior to joining Medtronic. he spent 16 years in 
various roles with General Electric Co., most recently as president and 
chief executive officer of GE Healthcare Systems, a division of GE 
Healthcare. 
Ishrak is a member of the board of trustees of the Asia Society, which 
promotes mutual understanding and strengthening partnerships among 
peoples, leaders and institutions of Asia and the United States in a global 
context, and a member of the board of directors of Minnesota Public 
Radio. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083596 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229780 
EFTA01383773

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383774.pdf
----------------------------------------
Name 
atimaship 
P rewn PrincipeI I tectima t ion or Employment 
Ishrak earned a bachelor of science degree and a Ph.D. in electrical 
engineering from the University of London. King's College. 
Tsu-Jae King Liu 
United States 
Function: Director. Board of Directors; Member. Audit Committee. 
Professional Background: Tsu-Jae King Liu was elected to Intel's 
board of directors in July 2016. Dr. Liu holds a distinguished 
professorship endowed by TSMC in the Department of Electrical 
Engineering and Computer Sciences (EECS). in the College of 
Engineering at the University of California, Berkeley where she has 
served as a member of the faculty since 1996. She also serves as vice 
provost for academic and space planning at the University of California, 
Berkeley. 
Liu holds over 90 patents and has received numerous awards for her 
research. including the Intel Outstanding Researcher in Nanotechnology 
Award (2012) and the SIA University Researcher Award (2014). 
Currently, her research is focused on nanometer-scale logic and memory 
devices. and advanced materials, process technology and devices for 
energy etTicient electronics. 
James D. Plummer United States 
Function: Director. Board of Directors: Member. Audit Committee: 
Member. Finance Committee 
Professional Background: James D. Plummer has been a director of 
Intel since 2005. 
He has been a Professor of Electrical Engineering at Stanford University 
since 1978 and was Dean of Engineering from 1999 to 2014. He is a 
member of the U.S. National Academy of Engineering and the American 
Academy of Arts and Sciences. His research and teaching at Stanford 
focused on nanoscale silicon devices and technology. He is also a 
director of Cadence Design Systems Inc. 
David S. Pottruck 
United States 
Function: Director. Board of Directors: Chair. Compensation 
Committee: Member. Executive Committee 
Professional Background: David S. Pottruck has been a director of 
Intel since 1998. and is Chairman of the Compensation Committee of 
the board. Mr. Pottruck has served as chairman and chief executive 
officer of Red Eagle Ventures Inc.. a San Francisco private equity firm. 
since 2005. He has also served as co-chairman of Hightower Advisors, a 
wealth-management company, since 2009 and became chairman in 
2013. 
Mr. Pottruck also serves as a senior fellow in the Wharton School of 
Business Center for Leadership and Change Management. 
In July of 2004. Mr. Pottruck resigned after a 20-year career having 
served as president. chief executive officer and a member of the Board 
of the Charles Schwab Corp. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083597 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229781 
EFTA01383774

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383775.pdf
----------------------------------------
Name 
altzaship 
Pram Principal Occupation or hmph.rmenl
Gregory D. Smith 
United States 
Function: Director 
Frank D. Yeary 
Professkmal Background: Gregory D. Smith was elected to Intel's 
board of directors in March 2017. He is the chief financial officer and 
executive vice president of corporate development and strategy at 
Boeing. the world's largest aerospace and defense company. Smith has 
served as Boeing's finance leader since 2012 and its strategy leader 
since 2015. Previously. he held various leadership roles across Boeing's 
finance function and operations. He rejoined Boeing in 2008 after 
serving for four years as vice president of global investor relations at 
Raytheon. 
Smith serves on the board of trustees for the Chicago Museum of 
Science and Industry, and the board of directors of the Economic Club 
of Chicago. the Chicago Botanic Garden and the Northwestern Medicine 
Community Physicians Group. 
United States 
Function: Director, Board of Directors; Chair, Audit Committee; 
Member. Finance Committee 
Professional Background: Frank D. Yeary has been executive 
chairman of CamberView Partners, a leading source of independent. 
investor-led advice for public companies since 2012. He was vice 
chancellor of his alma mater, University of California. Berkeley. from 
2008 to 2012 and prior to this appointment was global head of mergers 
& acquisitions at Citigroup Investment Banking. Until its sale in 2015. 
he was also chairman and co-founder of Level Money Inc.. a financial 
organization helping the next generation of young adults achieve 
financial balance. 
As vice chancellor at UC Berkeley. Yeary led the development of a new 
sustainable financial strategy, designed and implemented the 
university's first comprehensive middle-class financial aid program, and 
initiated and oversaw the implementation of one of the largest re-
engineering and cost-reduction efforts ever undertaken by a public 
university. In addition, for nearly two years he acted as chief 
administrative officer managing a portfolio including fmance, human 
resources, labor relations, internal controls and intercollegiate athletics. 
Prior to his appointment at UC Berkeley. Yeary held various positions in 
the investment banking division of Citigroup. During the period 2004 to 
2008 he was global head of mergers & acquisitions, where he 
significantly restructured the department, nearly tripled revenues and led 
the firm from fifth-largest to the second-largest M&A business, as 
ranked by global M&A volume. Prior to 2004, he was global head of the 
Technology. Media and Telecom (TMT) investment banking practice at 
Salomon Smith Barney. 
Yeary received a bachelor's degree from University of California, 
Berkeley. in history and economics. He is on the board of directors of 
PayPal Holdings Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083598 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229782 
EFTA01383775

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383776.pdf
----------------------------------------
Name 
albership 
Pnuent Principal Occupation or Employment 
David B. Yoffie 
United States 
Function: Director. Board of Directors: Co-Chair. Corporate 
Governance and Nominating Committee: Member. Compensation 
Committee 
Professional Background: David B. Yoffie has been a director of Intel 
since 1989. He is currently co•chair of the Corporate Governance and 
Nominating Committee of the Board. 
He has been a professor at the Harvard Business School since 1981 and 
served as the Harvard Business School's Senior Associate Dean and 
Chair of Executive Education from 2006 to 2012. He is also a director of 
the National Bureau of Economic Research. HTC Corporation. TiVo 
Inc. and Financial Engines Inc. 
ti
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083599 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229783 
EFTA01383776

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383777.pdf
----------------------------------------
Purchaser. The following table sets forth the name. business address and telephone number. citizenship, 
present principal occupation, employment and academic history. material occupations, positions, offices or 
employment for at least the past five years of each of the managers of Purchaser. The current business address of 
each of the managers is 2200 Mission College Boulevard. Santa Clara. California. 95054, and the current 
business telephone number is (408) 765-8080. 
Name 
eltizartip 
Present Principal Occupation or Employment 
Brian M. Krzanich United States Function: Manager 
Professional Background: Brian M. Krzanich has served as manager of 
Purchaser since the Conversion. Mr. Krzanich was appointed chief 
executive officer of Intel Corporation and elected a member of the board of 
directors of Intel Corporation on May 16. 2013. He is the sixth CEO in the 
company's history, succeeding Paul S. Otellini. 
Krzanich has progressed through a series of technical and leadership roles at 
Intel. most recently serving as the chief operating officer (COO) from 2012 
to 2013. As COO. his responsibilities included leading an organization of 
more than 50,000 employees spanning Intel's Technology and 
Manufacturing Group. Intel Custom Foundry. supply chain operations, the 
NAND Solutions group. human resources, information technology. and 
Intel's China strategy. 
His open-minded approach to problem solving and listening to customers' 
needs has extended the company's product and technology leadership and 
created billions of dollars in value for the company. In 2006, he drove a 
broad transformation of Intel's factories and supply chain. improving 
factory velocity by more than 60 percent and doubling customer 
responsiveness. Krzanich is also involved in advancing the industry's 
transition to lower cost 450mm wafer manufacturing through the Global 
450 Consortium as well as leading Intel's strategic investment in 
lithography supplier ASML. 
Prior to becoming COO, Krzanich held senior leadership positions within 
Intel's manufacturing organization. He was responsible for Fab/Sort 
Manufacturing from 2007-2011 and Assembly and Test from 2003 to 2007. 
From 2001 to 2003. he was responsible for the implementation of the 0.13-
micron logic process technology across Intel's global factory network. From 
1997 to 2001. Krzanich served as the Fab 17 plant manager. where he 
oversaw the integration of Digital Equipment Corporation's semiconductor 
manufacturing operations into Intel's manufacturing network. The 
assignment included building updated facilities as well as initiating and 
ramping 0.18-micron and 0.13-micron process technologies. Prior to this 
role. Krzanich held plant and manufacturing manager roles at multiple Intel 
factories. 
Krzanich began his career at Intel in 1982 in New Mexico as a pnnzss 
engineer. He holds a bachelor's degree in Chemistry from San Jose State 
University and has one patent for semiconductor processing. Krzanich is 
also a member of the board of directors of the Semiconductor Industry 
Association. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083600 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229784 
EFTA01383777

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383778.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Letter of Transmittal and any other required documents should be sent or delivered by each shareholder or 
its, his or her broker, dealer, commercial bank. trust company. or other nominee to the Depositary at one of its 
addresses set forth below: 
The Depositary for she Offer is: 
A AST 
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company LLC 
By First Class Mail, 
Overnight Courier or Express Mail: 
The American Stock Transfer & Trust Company. LLC 
Operations Center 
Atm: Reorganization Department 
6201 15th Avenue 
Brooklyn, New York 11219 
By Facsimile Transmission 
(for Eligible Institutions Only): 
718 234-5001 
To Confirm Facsimile via Phone 
718 921-8317 
Questions and requests for assistance may be directed to the Information Agent at its address and telephone 
numbers set forth below. Requests for copies of the Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal, and the 
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be directed to the Information Agent. Such copies will be furnished promptly 
at Purchaser's expense. Shareholders may also contact brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies for 
assistance concerning the Offer. Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or any 
other person (other than the Information Agent or the Depositary) for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the 
Offer. 
The Information Agent for the Offer is: 
D.F. King & Co., Inc. 
Wall Street, 2.256 Floor 
New York, NY 10005 
Shareholders may call toll free: (800) 966-9021 
Bat and brokers may call collect: (212) 269-5550 
Email: mobileye@dfking.com 
I I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083602 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229786 
EFTA01383778

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383779.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Chris Harvey 
Sent: 
5/12/2017 2:39:32 PM 
To: 
Vahe Stepanian 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
RE: MBLY Tender [C] [II 
Classification: For internal use only 
This is what is on Pershing's IFA system. It would appear the client is not a resident of Israel, and therefore would be 
subject to the max withholding date of 25%. It would also appear the shares will be delisted and if they choose not to 
participate by not filing any paperwork, then they will get nothing. So it would appear their best course of action would 
be to elect into the tender and if they are going to be subject to the max withholding rate then they might as well file as 
such going in. 
Items For Attention - Voluntary Offer Details 
View Text 
Description 
MOBILEYE NV 
Symbol 
MBLY 
CUSIP 
N51488117 
Offer 
ELECTION 
Offer Description 
EXEMPT FROM TAX 
Subject To IRC 302 Withholding 
NO 
Other Offers Available 
ELECTION2 
ELECTION3 
Offer Dates 
Cut-Off Date 
06/16/2017 
Cut-Off Time 
Withdrawal Date 
06/16/2017 
Withdrawal Time 
Expiration Date 
06/21/2017 
Expiration Time 
Protected Date 
06/26/2017 
Offer Details 
Odd Lot 
Over Subscribe 
Minimum Bid 
Maximum Bid 
Increments 
Multiplier Factor 
Payment Terms 
Pay Date 
Accrued Div/Int 
Proration Rate 
Proration Round/Int 
Converted Rate 
Converted To 
Rounding Factor 
Cash in Lieu Rate 
19.00.00 
12.00.00 
17.00.00 
CASH 
$63.54 
+ *""********BE ADVISED THAT SHARES MAY BE DELISTED 
HOLDERS OF THE ABOVE SECURITY WHO DO 
NOT PARTICIPATE BY THE EXPIRATION DATEWILL BE DELISTED AND MAY RECEIVE PROCEEDS LESS THAN TENDER PRICE. 
+ HOLDERS THAT WISH TO TENDER THEIR SHARES, IN ADDITION TO SUBMITTING INSTRUCTIONS VIA IFA/REOR, MUST 
COMPLETE AND RETURN A COPY OF THE ISRAELI TAX DECLARATION FORM VIA SERVICE CENTER TO CORPORATE 
ACTIONS, VOLUNTARY OFFER EXPIRING, INSTRUCTIONS BY PERSHING'S DEADLINE OF 6/16/17. HOLDERS MUST WRITE 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083603 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229787 
EFTA01383779

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383780.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Zbynek Kozelsky; Donald Summer 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: FW: MBLY Tender [C] [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Zigs/Donnie — who should we call to get the answer to this question? 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, May 12, 2017 10:10 AM 
To: Vahe Stepanian a; 
Joshua Shoshan 
Subject: FW: MBLY Tender IC) [I) 
Classification: For internal use only 
Did either of you go back to him? 
From: Richard Kahn [-
Sent: Thursday, May 11, 2017 1:38 PM 
To: Vahe Stepanian 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield; Joshua Shoshan 
Subject: Re: MBLY Tender [C] 
if we do nothing what will happen? 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On May 10, 2017, at 4:58 PM, Vahe Stepanian 
wrote: 
Classification: Confidants, 
HI Rich — we're reaching out as Southern Financial holds 800 MBLY in account ending x804. As you likely 
saw - there is an MBLY currently tender offer that is set to expire on 6/16/17, for which a mailing should 
have been sent to you over the last few weeks. Regardless, we wanted to make sure the details were in 
front of you in case you had questions. 
Long story short — the tender was set at 563.54 per share for holders of Mobileye, N.V. (details are 
attached). The offer is subject to Israeli withholding tax of 25% unless holders provide an affidavit that 
they are exempt. Holders who are EXEMPT from Israeli tax must declare so by fully completing the 
attached Israeli Tax Declaration form to avoid the withholding. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083606 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229790 
EFTA01383780

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383781.pdf
----------------------------------------
If you believe that Southern Financial is exempt — please complete and send us the Tax Declaration 
Form. The deadline to instruct and submit paperwork will be on or around 6/16/17. 
A few key points: 
1. 
Part I, section 7 (Contact Details): This is normally the beneficially owner. 
2. 
Part I, section 8. Select "through a Broker", and write in Pershing, LLC 
3. 
Part II, Be sure this is fully completed in the proper category (individual, corporation, 
partnership, or trust.) 
4. 
Part III: DO NOT COMPLETE—unless you are an Israeli Bank, Broker of Financial Institution. 
5. 
Part IV: Beneficial owner must sign. Unclear whether Power or Attorney or Authorized Individual 
will be recognized 
6. 
Part IV: Don't forget to enter number of shares! 
I will be traveling over the next two weeks, so please make sure to CC this group in case you have any 
questions. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the 
meaning of the FINRA Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies. characteristics and investment risks of. 
and exercising independent judgment in evaluating, the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject 
to relevant internal approvals of DBSI or its affiliates prior to execution, and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed 
herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. 
Key Client Partners (KCP) products. investment ideas and solutions and related matters discussed herein are provided for 
discussion purposes only, and strictly on a non-advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. 
The infommtion set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is being presented for your information and for discussion 
purposes only. My reproduction and/or redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or disclosure of its content without our written 
consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of DBSI or any of its 
affiliates. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
<Israeli_Tax_Declaration_Fonmpdr-><Offer To Purchase.pdf> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083607 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229791 
EFTA01383781

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383782.pdf
----------------------------------------
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083609 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229793 
EFTA01383782

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383783.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
5/22/2017 31~ 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
CC: 
Vahe Stepanian 
• Matt Glassman 
Davide-A Sferrazza 
Subject: 
RE: Rothschild ICI 
Classification: Confidential 
Stew — Rich and I discussed right after I sent the email below. Confirmed the ask is for after-market open in France 
tomorrow. Know that our market may be 'none' given lack of appetite, but we're working with GM traders and KCP 
EM EA team in London. 
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: Monday, May 22, 2017 11:17 AM 
To: 'Richard Kahn' 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield; Vahe Stepanian; Matt Glassman 
Subject: RE: Rothschild [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
You saw it closed in France at 27.585 euros, on —16k shares today. Call you now to discuss your aftermarket objectives 
on 100k - I'm concerned b/a is going to be wide. 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Monday, May PP 1111.1~1
To: Tazia Smith 
Subject: Re: Rothschild [C] 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On May 22, 2017, at 2:07 PM, Tazia Smith
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Rich - Received. Reviewing. Be back 
wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083610 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229794 
EFTA01383783

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383784.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Monday, May 2 , 2017 10:59 AM 
To: Tazia Smith 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Fwd: Rothschild 
can you please provide bid ask as per email below 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Richard Kahn <
IMIIIMM> 
Subject: Rothschild 
Date: May 22, 2017 at 1:56:17 PM EDT 
To: Vahe Stepanian 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
can you please provide a bid ask on 100,000 shares of: 
Rothschild & Co SCA 
EPA: ROTH - May 22, 5:35 PM GNIT-1-2 
27.58EUR0.12 (0.42%) 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083611 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229795 
EFTA01383784

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383785.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Darren Indyke 
Sent: Monday, July 16, 2018 11:15 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Darren Indyke <->; 
Richard Kahn < 
Subject: Re: CDD Forms and Prytanee certificate of good standing 
Stewart, 
We sent these to you over a month ago and asked whether you needed originals. We have discarded the hard 
copies. If they need to be re-executed, please re-send form and we will have them re-executed and notarized. 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE. PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: (212) 971-1314 
Telecopier: (646) 350-0378 
Mobile: (973 908-9233 
email: 
The information contained in this communication is confidential. may be attomey-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC -O2018 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC — All rights reserved. 
On Jul 16, 2018, at 10:56 AM, Stewart Oldfield <Ma> 
wrote: 
<doc03237020180606141852.pdf> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083614 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229798 
EFTA01383785

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383786.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
6/12/2018 2:44:18 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20180612 
RM CODE 
82289 
06/11/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,544,874.75 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,192,970.01 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
109,596.26 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
381,223.44 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
1,771,024.69 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
396,015.00 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
187,154.50 
PLAN D, LLC 
348,087.33 
JEGE, LLC 
299,505.01 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
174,956.04 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
218,893.80 
JSC INTERIORS LLC 
132,125.62 
LSJE, LLC 
372,515.26 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
151,075.52 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
495,189.75 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
185,874.24 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
398,182.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
223,246.42 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
2,277,085.70 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
733,701.04 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
323,223.15 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
267,972.25 
THE HAZE TRUST 
49,460,098.13 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
2,032,186.86 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
102,625.90 
SSw 2007 LLC 
288,459.60 
KWF 2007 LLC 
254,500.95 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,341,865.05 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
252,975.43 
Tool) R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
1,743,519.50 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
1,480,071.75 
CRW 2009 LLC 
252,938.34 
GEW 2009 LLC 
252,947.70 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
1,129,778.02 
RM CODE 
82289 
06/11/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,489,072.70 
NOEL VOLPE AND MANDY JANE VOLPE JTWR D 
205,679.01 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
149,967.76 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
149,967.76 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083615 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229799 
EFTA01383786

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383787.pdf
----------------------------------------
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Richard Kahn < 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: July 5, 2018 at 3:55:12 PM EDT 
To: 
Please log onto account and check that it did not bounce. Also email db and have 
them confirm. Thank you. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: July 5, 2018 at 3:52:24 PM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn  
Subject: Fwd: 
------ Forward 
From: Bella Klein  
Date: Thu, Jul 5, 2018 at 3:51 PM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacation@amail.com>
Bank confirmed that check is cleared on July 3rd which is exactly 
month after the check was written. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
On Jul 5, 2018, at 3:42 PM, jeffrey E. 
wrote: 
ask the bank today to confirm 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083619 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229803 
EFTA01383787

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383788.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Thu, Jul 5, 2018 at 3:41 PM, Bella Klein 
wrote: 
Confirmed with the bank that check was cleared on 
June 29th. 
06/29/2018 
Thank you, 
Bella 
On Jul 5, 2018, at 3:31 PM, jeffrey 
E. leevacation@gmail.com>
wrote: 
did nick ribbis check bounce? 
please note 
The information contained in this 
communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is 
intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the 
property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
copying of this 
communication or any part thereof 
is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this 
communication in error, please 
notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail 
to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all 
copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright 
-all rights reserved 
DEPOSIT 
0150002780 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083620 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229804 
EFTA01383788

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383789.pdf
----------------------------------------
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only 
for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us 
immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail 
to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights 
reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. My unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https //db corn/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083621 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229805 
EFTA01383789

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383790.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383790.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083622 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229806 
EFTA01383790

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383791.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
11/19/2015 9:15:54 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.corni 
CC: 
Daniel Sabba 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
MTCH /SQ (Cl 
Classification: Confidential 
; Ariane Dwyer 
Jeffrey — today you were allocated the following: 
200 MTCH @ $12.00 
200 SQ @ $9.00 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Assistant Vice President I Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
; Paul Morris 
All trade execution information contained herein is being provided as an accommodation at your request in advance of 
your receipt of the official trade confirmation(s). Additional trade detail information available upon request. The terms of 
the trade(s) may be subject to change prior to settlement, and therefore the official trade confirmation(s) and account 
statements issued by Deutsche Bank shall govern. Deutsche Bank is not responsible for any discrepancy between the 
informal execution report and the official trade confirrnation(s) or account statements. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083623 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229807 
EFTA01383791

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383792.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
5/17/2019 9:57:02 AM 
To: 
Brigid Macias 
Subject: 
RE: Epstein (I) 
Natalie Barak 
Classification: For internal use only 
Thanks. Or send Darren one last letter to sign for everything. I know it has been a lot of work to get to this stage, thanks 
for everything 
From: Brigid Macias 
Sent: Friday, May 17, 2019 9:55 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Epstein III 
Natalie Barak 
Yes, as per DB Force they are all at $0. I would have to manually check each account that's still officially opened and see 
if we can get BSO to approve the closing without a letter. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant We President 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
241h Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, May 17, 2019 9:25 AM 
To: Brigid Macias <
:.; Natalie Barak 
Subject: Epstein ill 
Classification: For internal use only 
Looks like all accounts are now $0 balance. Do you see the same? Please confirm that they are all officially closed now 
as well. 
Thanks 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083624 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229808 
EFTA01383792

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383793.pdf
----------------------------------------
Stewart Oldfield. CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York, NY 10154 
Tel 
Mobile 
Email 
Secunties offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083625 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229809 
EFTA01383793

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383794.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Relational Junction 
Sent: 
7/9/2019 6:55:09 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
Hyperion Air, LLC has been changed to an Inactive Prospect in DB Force 
All the Accounts associated to Hyperion Air, LLC are now closed. Because there are no open accounts, 
Hyperion Air, LLC has been changed in DB Force from a Client to a Prospect, the Status has been changed 
from Active to Inactive, and the 'Former client' field has been checked. 
If you wish to reactivate Hyperion Air, LLC, change the Status back to Active in the Customer record. 
If you are already logged into DB Force, click here to view this record (or copy and paste the link into 
your open DB Force window): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/0016000000tuOma 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083627 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229811 
EFTA01383794

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383795.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383795.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
8/29/2018 10:03:05 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
Wed 29 Aug 2018 10:03:05 Conversation 149567714 
# Interaction information 
interlD: 9567714 
startTime: 2018-08-29110:03:05-0400 
endTime: 2018-08-29110:13:13-0400 
employeelD: 
buddyName: 
networklD: micros° UC 
employeelPAddr: 10.99.13.113 
serverName: US DS IM Exporter CATCH ALL 
dbID: 1 
deploymentID: 0 
outgoingFlag: true 
supervisedFlag: true 
internalFlag: true 
roomName: 
# Start of interaction 
# Participant 
# Participant n ormat on 
buddyName: 
networklD: Micros° UC 
employeelD: 
# End of parillpant
natOn 
entered on 2018-08-29110:03:05-0400 
(2018-08-29110:03:05-0400): richard kahn 
(2018-08-29110:03:13-0400): did you mean to copy him? 
# Participant 
left on 2018-08-29110:13:13-0400 
# End of interaction 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083628 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229812 
EFTA01383795

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383796.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: 
8/31/2018 6:58:59 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield I 
I; Richard larossi 
CC: 
Mayur Rathod (mayur.rathod@db.com); Bradley Gillin 
Subject: 
RE: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCIS#487266) and Gratitude America Ltd (GCIS#499760) under the 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Attachments: FW_ Gratitude COGS (353 KB).msg 
Importance: 
High 
Good Morning Stewart, 
After receipt of the COGS for Gratitude America in attached email, we confirm that only the following items are pending 
for KYC CaseN01977700 
• 
SOS & COGS for Mort Inc dated in last 6 months. Entity domiciled in US Virgin Islands. 
Once the above item is received, we will submit this case to the AML team for approval, thanks. 
Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche cia Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
81, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063 , India 
Tel. +91(22)6181-1485 
Mobile +91 9833729812 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Wednesday, August 01, 2018 5:37 PM 
To: Bradley Gillin < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Mayur Rathod <mayur.rathod@db.com> 
Subject: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCIS#487266) and Gratitude America Ltd (GCIS#499760) under the 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hello Brad/Stewart, 
This review relates to review of above high-risked accounts due for remediation 8/31/2018.
Upon review of the dots available from repositories, we have completed attached checklists, identifying RP's below. List 
of pending items listed below — 
Acct Holder — Mort, Inc 
Director, Sole Shareholder & Authorized Signatory —Jeffrey Epstein 
Director, Vice President & Authorized Signatory — Darren Indyke 
Director & Treasurer — Richard Kahn 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083629 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229813 
EFTA01383796

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383797.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383797.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Flag: 
Vijay, 
Stewart Oldfield 
8/29/2018 2:38:49 PM 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Bradley Gillin 
FW: Gratitude COGS 
Gratitude COGS 2018.pdf 
follow up 
; Richard larossi 
The client has requested all of the certificates of good standing we asked for and is still waiting on a 
few of them. 
They hope to be able to send a full package to us next week. 
In the meantime, they have the one we need for Gratitude America (which we will need to open a new 
checking account for as soon as the KYC review is cleared). Please see attached and let me know if there 
is anything else you need to complete that review. 
Thanks! 
From: Bella Klein [mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, August 29, 2018 2:23 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Gratitude COGS 
Thank y 
ou, 
Bella 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083631 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229815 
EFTA01383797

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383798.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383798.pdf
----------------------------------------
0NAMM 
tf•f Willa) SI AWS V 
ISLANDS 
OFFICE OF THE LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR 
DIVISION OF CORPORATIONS AND TRADEMARKS 
5049 Kongens Gode 
Chalerle knobs. Virgin womisooecr2 
Phone - 340.776.8515 
Fox - 340.776.4612 
July 9, 2018 
CERTIFICATiON OF GOOD STANDING 
105 King Sheet 
Cnnstlonstect Virgin Islands 00820 
Phone - 340.773 6449 
Fox - 340.773.0330 
This is to certify that the non-profit corporation known as 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD. filed Articles of Incorporation in the Office 
of the Lieutenant Governor on APRIL 25, 2012 that a Certificate of 
Incorporation was issued by the Lieutenant Governor on MAY 1, 
2012 authorizing the said corporation to conduct business in the 
Virgin Islands and the corporation is considered to be in good 
standing. 
Denise Jo annes 
Director, Division of 
Corporations and Trademarks 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083632 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229816 
EFTA01383798

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383799.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383799.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield ( 
Sent: 
9/7/2018 9:10:07 AM 
To: 
Charlie Burrows 
Subject: 
please give me a call when you get a chance. Not urgent 
Want to discuss DBNY sweep from brokerage accounts held at KCP (Southern Financial) and how to approach 
discussions about our promotional rate with Southern and Third Lake since they have so many different entities with 
accounts and so many assets here already. 
Thanks 
IL 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bath Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered though Deutsche Bank Securities lnc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083633 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229817 
EFTA01383799

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383800.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
osullivan
Sent: 
9/25/2018 12:36:36 PM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
CC: 
Bradley Gitlin 
Subject: 
RE: reminder to send Butterfly docs. Thanks ICI 
Classification: Confidential 
No, Paul is not authorized on Jeffrey's account. 
POA's Harry Beller 
Darren Indyke 
Jean Anne Wirebracht 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, September 25, 2018 12:35 PM 
To: Liam Osullivan < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: reminder to send Butterfly docs. Thanks ICI 
Does Paul trade that account? If so, let's send separately to him. 
From: Liam Osullivan 
Sent: Tuesday, September 25, 2018 12:33 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: reminder to send Butterfly docs. Thanks [CJ 
Classification: Confidential 
I am about to send the email. I added something that I don't know if you want to include. For Jeffery's individual 
account, his options agreement expires at the end of October. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, September 25, 2018 12:29 PM 
To: Liam Osullivan 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: reminder to send Butterfly docs. Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 P rk A 
New York. NY 10154 
E . 
Mobile 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083634 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229818 
EFTA01383800

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383801.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383801.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities offered though Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083635 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229819 
EFTA01383801

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383802.pdf
----------------------------------------
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 0 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
100,442.77 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
100,244.33 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
55W 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
3,750,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
3,750,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
302,105.76 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR C 
250,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
500,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
2,500,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
200,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
10/02/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT R 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,003,698.63 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083637 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229821 
EFTA01383802

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383803.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
bellaklein 
Sent: 
1/25/2016 3:10:26 PM 
To: 
Paul Morrie 
CC: 
Darren indyke 
Richard KahnI
Subject: 
NeS wire 
Attachments: DB_NES_WT_Tes_01-25.16.pdf; Untitled attachment 09619.txt 
Please process the attached wire 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083638 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229822 
EFTA01383803

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383804.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Erik Lutkus 
Sent: 
10/5/2018 2:55:23 PM 
To: 
Nadean Novogratz 
CC: 
Martin Zeman 
; Stewart Oldfield 
; Davide-A Sferrazza 
• Pengcong Lin 
Subject: 
RE: Southern Financial - Listed Deny Docs 
Xavier Avila 
Devin Anderson 
Classification: For internal use only 
I just double checked with PC, you should see them GEDX with customer code = Southern 
Kind regards, 
Erik Lutkus 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Tel. 
From: Nadean Novogratz 
Sent: Friday, October 05, 2018 2:15 PM 
To: Erik Lutkus c
Cc: Martin Zeman 
Stewart Oldfield a; 
Xavier Avila 
Davide-A Sferrazza 
; Devin Anderson 
Subject: Southern Financial - Listed Deny Docs [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Erik, 
Please see attached the 2 listed derive does for Southern Financial. What are next steps to getting them set-up? I can 
speak to the GedApps team to have their name added to Axiom... anything else you need from me? 
Kind regards, 
Nadean 
From: Paul Barrett [mailto:
Sent: Friday, October 05, 2018 2:09 PM 
To: Nadean Novogratz 
Cc: Martin Zeman; Stewart Oldfield; Xavier Avila; Davide-A Sferrazza; Devin Anderson 
Subject: RE: Follow-up 
Finally 
Paul Barrett 
Alpha Group Capital LLC 
142 W Sr" Street, ll
th Floor, New York, NY 10019 
al
ALPHA GROUP 
CAPITAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083639 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229823 
EFTA01383804

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383805.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383805.pdf
----------------------------------------
structure is flat. We've continued to see the spot up / vol up correlation remain positive and if this theme continues, 
now is a good entry level into buying inexpensive vol. 
SPY ATM Calls: 
SPY 284 Cal let 28130 
I 
Price 
I 
I 
Tenor 
S 
I 
% 
Vol 
IntapPeriod Fwd Vol 
konornk Events 
Cumuledve beery Reported i%1 
Friday, August 8:2018 
1.40 
M9% 
ISMitioth).ACP,I4FP, MT Decision 
61% 
Friday august 10, 2118 
:96 
069% 
PM. (Pi 
441% 
Friday. Ausg 17.2018 
1A7 
087% 
9.2 
70% 
Fnday. August 14, 3/18 
2.30 
102% 
9.2 
FO#.0 rani 1441 
72% 
Friday, Aug WA 31.2016 
358 
7.19% 
104 PCIt 
Tat 
Fray, Statamber C7, 2018 
3.75 
7.32% 
9.6 
10S ISM (bOtry, ADP, NFP 
75% 
SPY 2% Upside Calls: 
SPY 288Call yr. 281.30 
Ecceceek Everts 
I Ormoliellie Earnings Reported I* 
Tea 
Price 
Inttelteriodfied Vol 
Friday, August 03, WM 
0.19 
020% 
t3 
ISM teeth), ADP, NF P, ktfer Decision 
61% 
Friday. Audiat le 2018 
0,47 
037% 
8.1 
PPI. CPI 
66% 
Friday, August 17, 2018 
0.76 
051% 
BO 
X% 
Friday. August bl, 2018 
I..C6 
065% 
FOLIC ne% 144) 
72% 
Relay, August 12, 2011 
139 
0.80% 
PC1 
74% 
Fittr, Seim/mbar 07, )018 
:69 
092% 
1.01 ism (oath), ACP, NFP 
Trek 
Kind regards, 
Nadean 
Nadean Novogratz 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Global Equity Derivative Sales 
Wall Street, 4th Floor 
New York. NY 10005 
Please click on this link and read the disclaimer: 
https://ederivatives.db.com/static/disclaimer.html 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient 
(or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is 
strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083641 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229825 
EFTA01383805

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383806.pdf
----------------------------------------
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083642 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229826 
EFTA01383806

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383807.pdf
----------------------------------------
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAR M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,442.77 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,244.33 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
20,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
ssw 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
10,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
3,750,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
302,105.76 
ALI RASHID 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
5,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
250,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
500,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
1,000,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
10/10/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT IF 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
T000 R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
200,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
500,000.00 
500,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083644 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229828 
EFTA01383807

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383808.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383808.pdf
----------------------------------------
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,003,698.63 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083645 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229829 
EFTA01383808

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383809.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
10/11/2018 6:32:53 PM 
To: 
ColeyJellinghausI
Subject: 
RE: Butterfly Trust [C) [I) 
Just spoke to Kim and she's good. Will finalize this tmw. Thanks again 
From: Coley Jellinghaus 
Sent: Thursday, October 11, 2018 3:35 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: RE: Butterfly Trust [C) [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Perfect. 
Coley Jellinghaus 
Managing Director I Head of Investment Solutions Group 
Wealth Management Americas 
DB Securities Inc 
345 Park Avenue 10154.0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, October 11, 2018 3:33 PM 
To: Coley Jellinghaus < 
Subject: FW: Butterfly Trust (C) 
FYI 
From: Liam Osullivan 
Sent: Thursday, October 11, 2018 3:31 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Martin Zeman < 
>; Zbynek Kozelsky < 
>; Ian Salters 
Subject: Butterfly Trust (C) 
Classification: Confidential 
I discussed the below with Ziggy, Ian and Martin. 
We propose that the Butterfly Trust is opened with the KCP team. We will open the account under the N4G prefix. We 
will request a new CA number for Martin Zeman that will be used to separate Butterfly Trust from accounts that have 
signed KCP packages on file. Martin will sign a quarterly attestation that the account is not being offered KCP products. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083646 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229830 
EFTA01383809

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383810.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kind regards, 
Liam O'Sullivan 
Liam O'Sullivan 
AVP I Key Client Partners - US 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0004 New York. NY, USA 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the FINRA 
Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies, characteristics and investment risks of, and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating. the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of OBS/ or its affiliates prior to 
execution. and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. Key Client Partners 
(KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and related matters ctiscussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only. and strictly on a non-
advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information and for discussion purposes only. Any reproduction anclior redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or disclosure of 
its content without our written consent is strictly, forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of CBS! or any 
Wits affiliates. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083647 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229831 
EFTA01383810

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383811.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383811.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
10/23/20181:45:35 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20181023 
RM CODE 
82289 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE 
ACCT I 
NAME 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
ALI RASHID 
CAMERON WANEK 
SHARI WAGNER 
10/22/18 
BALANCES 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
1,725,506.31 
.00 
305,126.04 
.00 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
482,569.40 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
150,074.13 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
183,992.07 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
857,030.91 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
1,187,706.86 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
352,541.33 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
147,203.75 
PLAN D, LLC 
790,453.14 
JEGE, LLC 
255,684.99 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
162,237.24 
NES, LLC 
342,957.61 
LS)E, LLC 
513,887.21 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
1,967,469.08 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
460,832.54 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
299,634.51 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
197,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
217,995.84 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
1,470,113.49 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
705,802.21 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
314,162.94 
CRW 2009 LLC 
.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
.00 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
268,754.26 
THE HAZE TRUST 
12,690,279.36 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
1,536,739.37 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
103,227.37 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
10,872,164.00 
55W 2007 LLC 
348,784.44 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,851,819.82 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,012,558.27 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,012,804.68 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
2,908,413.63 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,640,284.04 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
20,671,198.45 
RN CODE 
82289 
LARGE, 
10/22/18 
ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
3,818,790.49 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
3,817,987.06 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,568,129.07 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
100,442.77 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
100,442.77 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083648 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229832 
EFTA01383811

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383812.pdf
----------------------------------------
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
774,900.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,442.77 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,244.33 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
20,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
55w 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
sSw 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
10,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
5,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
250,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
500,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
250,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
10/22/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT R 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
T000 R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
200,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
500,000.00 
500,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
50,007,397.26 
50,007,397.26 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083649 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229833 
EFTA01383812

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383813.pdf
----------------------------------------
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
C 
25,003,698.63 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083650 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229834 
EFTA01383813

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383814.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383814.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 
CHANGE OF BFWEIFICIARIF,5 
WHEREAS, Darren K. Indyke and Lawrence Newman are the acting Trustees 
(the "Trustees") under the provisions of THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE 
TRUST $3 (the "Insurance Trust"), dated November 1, 2007; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted to the Trustees in Section (b)(7) of 
Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust, by written instrument dated January 27, 2012 (the 
"January 27 Instrument"), the Trustees deleted all of the beneficiaries named under 
Sections (b)(1) through (b)(6) of Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust and added certain 
beneficiaries, who, upon the death of the Grantor of the Insurance Trust, would be 
entitled to the principal and all accumulated income from the Insurance Trust; and 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted to the Trustees in Section (b)(7) of 
Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust, the Trustees desire again to delete all of the 
beneficiaries, who, pursuant to the January 27 Instrument, were added as beneficiaries 
entitled to principal and all accumulated income of the Insurance Trust upon the death 
of the Grantor thereof, and to add as beneficiaries upon the death of the Grantor of the 
Insurance Trust the beneficiaries identified in this instrument; 
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the power granted to the Trustees in Section 
(b)(7) of Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust, the Trustees hereby take the following 
action: 
1. 
The Trustees hereby delete all of the beneficiaries named, pursuant to 
the January 27 Instrument, as beneficiaries under the Insurance Trust entitled to the 
principal and all accumulated income of the Insurance Trust upon the death of the 
Grantor thereof, and direct that, upon the death of the Grantor of the Insurance Trust, 
all the principal and all accumulated Income from the Insurance Trust shall be 
distributed as follows: 
A. 
One hundred percent (100%) thereof to 
if she survives the Grantor, in separate trust, the provisions of w is h are set torts in 
Section 2 below. 
B. 
If 
does not survive the Grantor, one 
hundred percent (100%) ereo to 
A 
• 
SON DUBIN, if she survives the 
Grantor. 
2. 
Any property directed to be held in trust for 
pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2 shall be distribute as o ows: 
A. 
The Trustees may pay any part or all of the income and such sums 
from any part or all of the principal of the trust as the Trustees, in their discretion, from 
time to time and at an time, shall determine for any reason whatsoever to, for the benefit 
of, or on behalf of 
Any income not so paid shall annually bt 
added to the principal o tie trust. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083653 
SDNY_GM_00229837 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01383814

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383815.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383815.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 
GRANTOR'S REVOCATION OF DESIGNATION OF SUCCESSOR TRUSTEES 
WHEREAS, Jeffrey E. Epstein is the Grantor (the "Grantor") under the provisions 
of THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 (the Insurance Trust"), dated 
November 1, 2007; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted in Article EIGHTH of the Insurance 
Trust, designations of successor Trustees may be revoked in writing by the maker 
thereof at any time prior to the qualification of the Trustee so designated; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to Article EIGHTH of the Insurance Trust, the Grantor 
originally designated Eva Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner as successor Trustees 
under the Insurance Trust in the event that the current Trustees, Darren K. Indyke and 
Lawrence Newman, cease for any reasons to act as Trustee; 
WHEREAS, both Darren K. Indyke and Lawrence Newman are currently acting 
as Trustees and neither Eva Andersson Dubin nor Abigail S. Wenxer has qualified as 
Trustee; and 
WHEREAS, the Grantor desires by this instrument to revoke the designation of 
both Eva Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner; 
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the power granted in Article EIGHTH of the 
Insurance Trust, the Grantor hereby revokes the Grant-TX 
esignation 
both Eva 
Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner as successor Trustee 
the Insurance 
Trust. 
Date: December 2 2012 
Receipt acknowledged b • 
DARREN K INDYKE, Trustee 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley GRIM 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 241h Fl 
New York. NY 10154 
JEFFREY 
TOR 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083658 
SDNY_GM_00229842 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01383815

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383816.pdf
----------------------------------------
> To: Bradley Gillin 
> Cc: Bella Klein 
Darren Indyke 
> Stewart Oldfield 
Richard Iarossi 
> 
• Subject: Re: 2 bank accounts closing [C] 
> 
• please verify your records as i believe both accounts still have SO Balance. 
> Richard Kahn 
> HBRK Associates Inc. 
> 575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
> New York, NY 10022 
» 
• Please send an executed letter (by an authorized account signer) with instructions on where to send 
the remaining funds (we can send a check to the address on file or internally transfer). 
» Please also include language that once the account has been zeroed out, to then close the account. 
Please include full account #s. Thank you. 
On Nov 29, 2018, at 11:50 AM, Bradley Gillin 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Rich, Bella, 
- 694 The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust #3 
• $276.65 
» - 017 Mort, Inc - Balance $4,553.12 
» 
• Regards, 
» Brad 
Bradley Gillin 
» vice President 
» Deutsche Bank wealth Management 
» 345 Park Avenue, 24th P1 
» New York NY 10154 
> > 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities 
Original Messa  
» 
• From: Richard Kahn 
» Sent: Thursday, Novem er 29, 2018 11:42 AM 
» To: Bella Klein 
» Cc: Bradle Gillin 
; Stewart oldfield 
» 
• Su iect: Re: 
ank accounts closing 
» 
• Brad please advise on next steps.. 
» thank you 
» 
• Richard Kahn 
» NBRK Associates Inc. 
» S7S Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
» New York, NY 10022 
Balance 
Inc. 
Darren Ind ke 
wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083663 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229847 
EFTA01383816

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383817.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
1110/20194:25:06 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
RE: Request to close 5 accounts 
Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn Imailto 
Sent: Thursday, January 10, 2019 3:11 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Fwd: Request to close 5 accounts 
FYI 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell M
I
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bella Klein ‹
> 
Subject: Request to close 5 accounts 
Date: January 10, 2019 at 3:06:43 PM EST 
To: Bradley Gillin 
Cc: Brigid Macias 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
Brad and Brigid, 
Please close the attached 5 accounts. 
>, Darren Indyke <->, 
Richard Kahn 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083666 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229850 
EFTA01383817

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383818.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383818.pdf
----------------------------------------
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083667 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229851 
EFTA01383818

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383819.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383819.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
2/22/2019 9:10:25 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfieId I 
not sure if you are back today or monday but lets catch up when you are free 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 917-414-7584 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083668 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229852 
EFTA01383819

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383820.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383820.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Private Wealth Management 
Authorization for Asset Movement 
For Non-Retirement Accounts 
The undersigned hereby authenies and orrecte Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown I'Deuteche Bank Alex. Browns or aDBAB*) to follow the below asset movement instructions. 
II you wish to request mule* wan checks. Jolene:80r ha deliveries, please use the bog form. 
OMB Amount Name- 
C
Account I 
Wa 
gi Wee federal funds in the amount of S 1.199.36
To Bank Name.  Finn Command Bank 
Cny/ Swe: 
ABA* 
1 199M5 
Further credit to Intermediary Anent:all Institution ICIPiane0 
Account a. 
wysr 
Vans Eiseefiday erlowsnen: 
eenerorr Nam 
Account. 
Aationalbssuaiort 
mcp reimb and actrvIcaa aims-oiraims 
podia 
amt a chock in the amount of S 
Element's Name:  
Ficttires sAtIrg kidney. 
Joumel 
CI JauntS Fund. in the srotent efiS 
a 
alums' Holdittge 
OhirSymbssfewatiet 
If-U JOUrnel All Neldrige 
To teas panotnt I .
Account Mama 
Five NCO 
J Pease delniet the acorns indicated below to: 
DTCC4. 
Named Receiving Fern:  
kends.' Nemec 
Account Humber  
OlearnboeSeoradhe 
OryawntOiSecuthe  
at Receiving Firm 
Sending Authortieden 
C3 The imdcraired hereby requests that this anhomation act n a needing euthonielon. The went quint undosunds end agrees that this authorization will 
lemon In n*Int-  until Deutsche Bank Ake. Dawn requests a new authowatton The widowed a:bronzes Deutsche Bank Alex Brown to issue the wire. 
check or journal on the _ 
der of_.._.._ 
for tarn of 
U The undersigned further wheezes IX-utters Bank Alec Brown to accept verbal instructions from the undersigned to wire funds. ewe checks or journal 
funds lottrom the above hied accounts The enders/goal will wand° verbal instructions es to the date and the amount of the wins check or en..ina . If the 
unce•wreo deckles to vary tithes the date or the annum of lair villa, check Oltolltrel. the undecanned hereby authorises DOUUIC/10 Bank to, Brown to 
accept inn wbeirnitructions from the undersigned regerchno the cl, o -fie or changes. The tridersignxt further understands and agrees to °empty with the 
procedures of Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown to verify the euthortesion rine accuracy of verbal worucuons 
The 
nencn acknowledges that 
tho information contained in this form isaimpkee and eocusibt to the best knowledge of the undersigned end Oil the 
undivtic,ntd as.-.-Aticripoic, foe the method of transmission of any wanicionsaSued putsuant to this euthOrization If the iinnr 
n elects to 'lensed any such 
interactions via fax (including dt.Lt 100 lax), via email or as an image attichniem to mat le. . as a NOE nF cv other image of such instruct:nos). Die undersigned 
understands end sprees that the irrinisignod bears the risk of loss arising from such inst-ed of uensinssion n the event of transmission area. misu- direra-dings. 
unperson.. .tins. transmissirn by unauthorized nersc- s. forgery or mteicepts. For truss a other entIPCS. the undersigned further ecknerAcidges ria, the underStral 
ao:by nil to issue the above asset movement ellnu-OPin aeon the terms of the governing documents and any applicable laws. The undo Sonoid hereby releases end 
tows harmless Deutsche Bank Alex Brown from end Yt.I.- St loss from any sewn. claim or demand of any person as a result of Deutsche link. Alex Brawls receipt of 
or (*Ma**, with this auteoructon and/or any in 
iiCliOnS that may be c rvrn to Del LSO* Bank Alm Brown purscant to this OU010.13411XXI Including any standing 
iinennzationl. 
The under erjner! understands that Deutsche Bank Aker Brown ma but a not required to. seek innleation d the undersigned's instructora by cis back and that 
Deutsche Beet Ales Brown may in Its sole dissection refuse to execute such instructions -eluding standing instructlorrs) seen put:sent to this authorization, without 
rncurnng 
Icabiedy. if Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown hat reason to taws such instructions (or standing ttnucto-s; have not been D Ovirce by the undersigned. The 
..^de :punts' funfair understands Vial Dr itche Bank Nen Brown retains the igh: to ref use to etecute any in si 
transfer Lnds or tecunt)es to any accounts 
ezetieet in the welwasuion umbras: wagon IngrUCtiOnS bolting Original SignStotils1 of the undersigned 
rennet 
bignetwe 
Darren Indyke 
Pin Name 
Palls Names 
01-22.16 
le 
Dale 
III 
LOA 
10-FWM-0177S O2/10) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083669 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229853 
EFTA01383820

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383821.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383821.pdf
----------------------------------------
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bart Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New 
Y 1 1 
Tel.
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
From: Bella Klein Imailto 
Sent: Friday, April 05, 2019 2:24 PM 
To: Brigid Macias < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Natalie Barak < 
Subject: Re: Follow Up - Caterpillar Trust 
Importance: High 
Attached please find signed letter. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
On Apr 5, 2019, at 11:06 AM, Brigid Macias < 
> wrote: 
Good Morning, 
Please find attached the letter to instruct us to process a check payable to Leslie. 
Please have both Trustees sign as authorization and return via email to everyone on this message. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
Tea 
Tel. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083671 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229855 
EFTA01383821

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383822.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383822.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fax
Emai  
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083672 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229856 
EFTA01383822

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383823.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383823.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
4/8/2019 4:31:08 PM 
To: 
BCC: 
Subject: 
Haze Trust 
Attachments: Haze 190408.pdf 
Mile, 
Per my client's request, please see attached. Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083673 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229857 
EFTA01383823

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383824.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383824.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
Mile Lukic 
LGT Bank Liechtenstein 
April 8, 2019 
Re: The Haze Trust 
Stewart Oldfield 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company America! 
345 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10154 
The Haze Trust opened its initial account at Deutsche Bank in 2013 and we were never aware of any 
AML problems relating to the operation or use of its accounts. 
Sincerely yours, 
Stewart Oldfield 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083674 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229858 
EFTA01383824

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383825.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383825.pdf
----------------------------------------
if not can you resend with letter signed.. 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: FW: Haze Trust 
Date: April 8, 2019 at 4:31:23 PM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn 11MIMMIIIMIM 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Monday, April 08, 2019 4:31 PM 
To 
Subject: Haze Trust 
Mile, 
Per my client's request, please see attached. Thanks 
<image001.png> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083676 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229860 
EFTA01383825

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383826.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383826.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bella Klein 
Sent: 
4/30/2019 11:15:34AM 
To: 
Brigid Macias 
CC: 
Bradley Gillin 
Subject: 
Neptune acc xxxx3424 
I 
; Stewart Oldfield I 
I 
Brigid 
The wire below was not received, please investigate and email fed reference 
04/26/2019 
998000426160031 
OUTGOING MONEY TRANSFER TO WELLS FARGO BANK, NA A/C 
2000027366275 CKG PAINTING INC 
$1,200.00 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
212-971-1307 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083678 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229862 
EFTA01383826

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383827.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383827.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kind Regards 
Bhavesh Chandani 
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Bhavesh Chandani 
Process Supervisor I PWM US Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
A-1 & A-2. Evotve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahndra World City - SEZ. 302029 Jaipur. India 
Deutsche Bank's volunteering 
and giving community 
#Positivelmpact 
Integrity I Sustainable Performance I Clienr C.:eta-thrive I Innovation I Discipline 
Please send all the Banking related Queries to our new Group E-mail ID 
Partnership 
From: Rishabh Shah 
Sent: Friday, May 10, 2019 10:57 AM 
To: Rishabh Sharma 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
; Brigid Macias 
; Natalie Barak 
INISINIIISINII
INIMININIM; 
Oversight Control 
Subject: RE: Non Post Transactions 05-09-2019 For AC 42953432 [II 
Please advise Brigid on below. 
Regards, 
RISH-ABH-SHAH-
Wealth Management 
(PWM US OPS - BANKING) 
DBOI Global Services Pvt Ltd. 
Deutsche Bank Group 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, 
Inside Mahindra World City - SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083680 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229864 
EFTA01383827

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383828.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383828.pdf
----------------------------------------
REF 1290927L FUNDS TRANSFER FRM DEP 35269691 
FROM 
42-953-432 HYPERION AIR, L 822 100,000.00 
ACCOUNT CLOSED 
521 N 
TO MANUFACTURERS A ND TRADERS TRUST C O A/C 
NTERNATIONAL JET I NTERIORS, INC. 
If any of the transactions are deemed fraudulent, you must immediately notify your business manager and report 
the fraud to PBFraudReporting. Please follow the steps detailed in the fraud procedures. 
lutps.11awm wm.intranet db.coni/thrrns/private-bank-forms-account-agreements/fraud 
Regards, 
Rishabh Sharma 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
Global Business Services 
A-1 8 A- Evolve - Mahindra Technology Path, Inside Mahindra World City - SEZ. 302029 Jaipur. India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email : 
Please send all the Banking related Queries to our new Group E-mail ID 
qtopwmbankinqexceptioncheckprocessinqalist.db.com 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
e-mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly 
forbidden. 
Privacy of communications 
In order to monitor compliance with legal and regulatory obligations and our policies, procedures and 
compliance programs, we may review emails and instant messages passing through our IT systems 
(including any personal data and customer information they contain), and record telephone calls 
routed via our telephone systems. We will only do so in accordance with local laws and regulations. In 
some countries please refer to your local DB website for a copy of our Privacy Policy. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083682 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229866 
EFTA01383828

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383829.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
9/21/2016 1:56:13 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20160921 
RM CODE 
82289 
09/20/16 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,887,878.62 
TODD & KAREN WANEK JTWROS 
M 
2,018,981.80 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
413,032.73 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
118,141.09 
JEGE, INC 
D 
149,645.56 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
187,542.00 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
145,047.27 
NES, LLC 
D 
187,467.47 
ZORRO DEVELOPMENT CORP. 
D 
129,255.11 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
238,432.57 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
48,881,918.37 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
M 
2,015,136.19 
KWF 2007 LLC 
M 
2,014,698.47 
55w 2007 LLC 
M 
2,009,057.55 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
1,486,816.52 
RM CODE 
82289 
09/20/16 
LARGE TRANSACTIONS 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
119,986.69 PREAUTHORIZED DEBI 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083684 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229868 
EFTA01383829

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383830.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield I 
Sent: 
10/27/2016 1:50:34 PM 
To: 
Cynthia Rodriguez I 
Subject: 
FW: Portfolio Alert 
Attachments: grid_alert_DB12000P 6500513 11562620 20161022_020056.pdf 
Classification: For Internal use only 
From: Akash-Kumar Gomesh 
Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2016 1:32 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: PWM BIS-Research; PWMUS AMLKYC 
Subject: Portfolio Alert - 
[I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hello, 
[Ii 
Please find attached look back alert for the party mentioned above. 
Kind regards, 
Akash-Kumar Gomesh 
Akash-Kumar Gomesh 
Trainee Analyst I Business Information Search 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
- 
- 
indra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City - SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083685 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229869 
EFTA01383830

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383831.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383831.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
11/1.7/2016 11:56:06 AM 
To: 
Todd Stevens 
Subject: 
RE: Epstein 
Classification: Public 
Cool. I don't know him well. Perhaps you can ask him to find some time to sit down with me when it makes sense 
From: Todd Stevens 
Sent: Thursday, November 17, 2016 11:50 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Epstein 
Classification: Public 
Shoshan also moving to KCP.. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, November 17, 2016 11:04 AM 
To: Todd Stevens 
Subject: RE: Epstein 
Classification: Public 
That's a great solution I think. We know JE likes syndicate. Will need Josh to be up to speed on the more interesting 
PE/HF offerings if and when we have them. Thanks 
From: Todd Stevens 
Sent: Thursday, November 17, 2016 8:29 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Epstein 
Classification: Public 
Let's get Shoshan to cover JE. Use his CA number.. 
Todd Stevens 
Managing Director 
Head of Key Client Partners - Americas 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc-
345 Park Avenue 
New York, NY, USA 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile: 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083689 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229873 
EFTA01383831

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383832.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083690 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229874 
EFTA01383832

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383833.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Feb 6, 2018, at 2:28 PM, Stewart Oldfiel 
wrote: 
Please see below for the latest DB bank account and CD rates. 
The interest rate on our Preferred Banking Account has increased to 1.20% for 
individuals. This rate also applies to sweep deposits into DB AG NY from linked 
brokerage accounts. 
Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch Preferred Certificates of Deposit 
Deutsche Bank AG New York Preferred Certificates of Deposit (Deutsche Bank AG 
Preferred CDs) can offer you a balance between your short-term liquidity needs and long-
term strategic objectives. 
We're currently offering a promotional 9-month variable-rate Deutsche Bank AG 
Preferred CD as well as our standard fixed rate 1-month, 3-month, 6-month, 12-month, 
18-month and 24-month Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs. Please find below our 
indicative rates, which are subject to change. 
Promotional Terms 
Deutsche Bank is running a promotional campaign through February 28, 2018 on the 6-
month and 12-month DB AG New York Preferred CDs. 
Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch USD Client Promotional Rate (not FDIC-insured) and 
annual percentage yield are accurate as of 2/5/2018. 
Term 
Interest 
Rate 
Annual 
Percentage 
Yield 
6-month Personal 
2.00% 
2.02% 
6-month Business 
1.90% 
1.92% 
12-month Personal 
2.25% 
2.28% 
12-month Business 
2.15% 
2.18% 
Other Available Terms 
Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch USD Client Rates (not FDIC-insured) and annual 
percentage yield are accurate as of 2/5/2018. 
Tenor 
Interest 
Rate 
Annual 
Percentage 
Yield 
1-month 
1.25% 
1.26% 
3-month 
1.50% 
1.51% 
9-month variable rate 
1.82%" 
1.84%" 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229876 
DB-SDNY-0083692 
EFTA01383833

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383834.pdf
----------------------------------------
18-month 
2.40% 
2.43% 
24-month 
2.50% 
2.53% 
The minimum deposit to purchase a Preferred CD and receive the advertised rate is 
$250,000 (unless you already maintain funds in another Preferred CD and/or a Preferred 
Banking Account that are equal to or greater than $250,000 in the aggregate). A penalty 
may be imposed for early withdrawals (see Terms and Conditions Statement for details). 
There is a maximum deposit of $25 million per client / per term on the Deutsche Bank AG 
NY Preferred Certificate of Deposit. 
"The interest rate may change after the account is opened. The interest rate for the 9-
month variable rate Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD will be determined on the first 
business day of each calendar month during the term of the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred 
CD. The interest rate for each calendar month will be the Federal Funds effective rate for 
the first business day of the month as published in the Wall Street Journal + a pre-
determined basis point spread. 
"Please find attached some additional information on our offering, including an overview 
of Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs. 
The minimum deposit to purchase a Preferred CD and receive the advertised rate is 
$250,000 (unless you already maintain funds in another Preferred CD and/or a Preferred 
Banking Account that are equal to or greater than $250,000 in the aggregate). A penalty 
may be imposed for early withdrawals (see Terms and Conditions Statement for details). 
There is a maximum deposit of $25 million per client per term on the Deutsche Bank AG 
NY Preferred Certificate of Deposit. 
Please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions or to discuss further. 
Thanks, 
Stew 
<image003. png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered ttvough Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083693 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229877 
EFTA01383834

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383835.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383835.pdf
----------------------------------------
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
<Preferred_CD_Extemal_Daily_Pricing_Sheet_A s_Of 020520 I 8.pdf><Preferred 
_Banking_AccountExtemalRateSheet_02052018_NEW_YORK.PDF><WM I 
78439 DB AG NY Preferred CD Overview External FINAL.PDF> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083694 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229878 
EFTA01383835

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383836.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
dwhpbdw-batch@db.com Idwhpbdw-batch@db.coml 
Sent: 
5/17/2017 1:43:25 AM 
To: 
RM0082289@list.db.com 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20170517 
RM CODE 
82289 
05/16/17 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT ø 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AVOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
3,278,315.88 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
241,421.93 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
100,591.79 
JEGE, INC 
963,187.55 
PLAN D, LLC 
247,143.27 
JEGE, LLC 
300,025.62 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
381,566.11 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
216,837.27 
NES, LLC 
124,185.96 
LS)E, LLC 
342,706.60 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
178,644.36 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
239,774.21 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
698,482.14 
CRW 2007 LLC 
.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
TOGO R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT 
250,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
250,000.00 
TODD R. WANEK 2015 GRAT 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
16,802,138.59 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
788,964.89 
THE HAZE TRUST 
21,020,993.06 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
11,463,588.51 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
18,004,284.75 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
252,572.50 
SSW 2007 LLC 
250,319.24 
KWF 2007 LLC 
250,393.25 
CRW 2007 LLC 
250,058.56 
GEW 2007 LLC 
250,058.56 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
250,345.29 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
252,534.28 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
250,623.55 
TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT 
.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
250,073.97 
GEN' 2009 LLC 
250,083.22 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
250,115.75 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK 2015 GRAT 
250,000.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083697 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229881 
EFTA01383836

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383837.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Bradley Gillin 
5/25/2017 10:44:02 AM 
Stewart 0ldfield 
RE: can you email my current pipeline? Might be easier to just do this via email. Thanks [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
See below. Can you read on BB? 
Opportunity Name 
Customer Name 
Stage Probability (%) Close Date 
Assets 
BPS/Flat Fee Amount (S) 
Total Estimated Revenue 
Commercial R.E. 
Madison Partners 
Developed 
25% 
7/31/2017 
Estate 
$50,000,000.00 
300 
$1,500,000.00 
Deposits 
Elysium Management Proposal 
50% 
Market 
$50,000.000.00 
$425,000.00 
Line of Credit 
ORIX Americas 
Proposal 
25% 
Credit 
$100,000,000.00 
200 
$2,000,000.00 
KCP Private Markets 
ORIX Corporation 
Offering 
$50,000,000.00 
KCP Private Markets 
ORIX Corporation 
Offering 
$50,000,000.00 
KCP Private Markets 
ORIX Corporation 
Offering 
$100,000,000.00 
KCP Private Markets 
ORIX Corporation 
Offering 
$200,000,000.00 
Structured Credit 
ORIX Corporation 
Fee 
$200,000,000.00 
DPM 
Rashid, Ali 
Balanced 
$5,000,000.00 
ISG 
Rashid, Ali 
Funds 
$1,000,000.00 
CLO 
Falcon Trail Capital, 
Swap) 
$5,000,000.00 
200 
KCP 
Southern Financial 
(Commissions) 
$5,000,000.00 
Brokerage 
ChurchNorth America 
(Commissions) 
510,000,000.00 
Real Estate Lending 
Third Lake Capital 
Estate 
$50,000,000.00 
300 
KCP Private Markets 
Third Lake Capital 
Funds 
$1,000,000.00 
300 
$30,000.00 
KCP Private Markets 
Third Lake 
Capital 
Proposal 
50% 
6/30/2017 
Checking 
.000.00 
Proposal 
50% 
200 
$1,000,000.00 
Proposal 
75% 
200 
$1,000,000.00 
Proposal 
50% 
200 
$2,000,000.00 
Proposal 
50% 
100 
$2,000,000.00 
Proposal 
50% 
200 
$4,000,000.00 
Proposal 
50% 
100 
$50,000.00 
Proposal 
50% 
200 
$20,000.00 
6/30/2017 
6/30/2017 
6/30/2017 
9/30/2017 
12t31/2017 
12/31/2018 
12/31/2019 
6/16/2017 
6/16/2017 
Developed 
25% 
5/30/2017 
$100,000.00 
Developed 
25% 
12/31/2015 
300 
$150,000.00 
Developed 
25% 
5/30/2017 
100 
$100,000.00 
Proposal 
25% 
6/30/2017 
$1,500,000.00 
Proposal 
50% 
6/30/2017 
Product Name Total 
Commercial Real 
Money 
U.S. Letter of 
Key Client 
Key Client 
Key Client 
Key Client 
Referral 
U.S. IA -
Hedge 
Derivatives (Equity - 
Brokerage 
Brokerage 
Commercial Real 
Private Equity 
$30,000,000.00 
$255 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, May 25, 2017 10:38 AM 
To: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: can you email my current pipeline? Might be easier to just do this via email. Thanks [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083698 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229882 
EFTA01383837

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383838.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
6/20/2017 11:30:20 AM 
To: 
Joshua Shoshan 
CC: 
Daniel-E Kaiser 
Subject: 
FW: Alice IPO [II 
; Stewart Oldfield 
Classification: For interns use only 
Josh - I just confirmed with Darren that Southern Financial would like to place an 101 of 50k for Altice for later this week. 
Just wanted to highlight to you — rye also submitted to iPreo. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
From: Richard Kahn (mailto
Sent: Tuesday, June 20, 2017 7:30 AM 
To: Vahe Stepanian < 
Tazia Smith < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Darren Indyke < 
> 
Subject: Alice IPO 
we would like to obtain shares in this IPO 
can you please put us in for 50k shares (we understand that that allocation will probably not be achieved) 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
Nevs
m
York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083700 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229884 
EFTA01383838

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383839.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Jul 11, 2017, at 12:56 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
Will check. How much earlier on the 25d1 
From: Richard Kahn mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2017 11:57 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading meeting 
can we do same time on the 24th or earlier on the 25th? 
please advise 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Jul 10 2017 at 4:03 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
That works. Can confirm details later next week. Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn mailto 
Sent: Friday, July 07, 2017 6:20 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading meeting 
Tuesday 25th 11 am works. 
Thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083702 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229886 
EFTA01383839

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383840.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Jul 7, 2017, at 12:04 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
Rich, 
Looks like we're generally open the week of the 24th to 
meet with you and your new trader. Let me know 
whether you have any time/date constraints and I will 
set it up. 
Thanks 
<image001 png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential 
and/or privileged information. If you are not the 
intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the 
sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083703 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229887 
EFTA01383840

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383841.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383841.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083705 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229889 
EFTA01383841

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383842.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
7/19/2017 3:50:24 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
RE: trading meeting 
Now I know if he tries to make a bet with me not to take the other side .. . 
Good luck with the training. I listened to a lot of podcasts when I was doing it. 
From: Richard Kahn (mato 
Sent: Wednesday, July 19, 2017 3:45 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading meeting 
yes going to try to run again tomorrow as this week is week I of my 16 week training.. 
just spoke with vahe and he made some stabs at your curiosity and has a good feeling so please keep quite but 
speak with him.. 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
11111111 
On Jul 19, 2017, at 3:34 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
Was supposed to go last night but got delayed at parents' night at my son's camp. Went to the gym 
today instead of running because of the heat. It's only getting worse this week I think 
From: Richard Kahn m 
Sent: Wednesday, July 19, 2017 3:33 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading meeting 
ok 
thanks 
ran this am and it was hot.. 
you? 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083706 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229890 
EFTA01383842

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383843.pdf
----------------------------------------
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Jul 19, 2017, at 3:19 PM, Stewart Oldfield <
> wrote: 
Checking now and will come back to you tmw. Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Wednesday, Jul 19, 2017 11:23 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading meeting 
mailto 
can we move apt to 8/9 or 8/10 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Jul 13 2017 at 10:17 AM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
Confirmed for the morning of 8/8. Aiming for 10am in our office. You'll 
meet the whole gang. 
In other news, I went running this morning. It was brutal outside. 
Thanksl 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2017 9:09 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading meeting 
mailto 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083707 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229891 
EFTA01383843

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383844.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
t 
S 
e 
M 
r
e 
d 
t 
e 
w
d 
r 
O
d 
f 
e 
d
b 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083713 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229897 
EFTA01383844

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383845.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
t 
F 
r 
d 
S 
J 
M 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083716 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229900 
EFTA01383845

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383846.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383846.pdf
----------------------------------------
T 
S 
t 
e 
w 
a 
r 
t 
O 
d 
f 
e 
I 
d 
S 
u 
b 
j 
e 
c 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083717 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229901 
EFTA01383846

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383847.pdf
----------------------------------------
k 
S 
R 
K 
d 
B 
R 
K 
h 
S 
S 
L 
e 
x 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083719 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229903 
EFTA01383847

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383848.pdf
----------------------------------------
O 
J 
a 
t 
M 
S 
P 
O 
d 
e 
d 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083722 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229908 
EFTA01383848

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383849.pdf
----------------------------------------
d 
y 
u 
r 
e 
w 
t 
r 
a 
d 
e 
r 
L 
e 
t 
m 
e 
k 
w 
w 
h 
e 
t 
h 
e 
r 
y 
u 
h 
a 
v 
e 
a 
Y 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083725 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229909 
EFTA01383849

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383850.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383850.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
i 
m 
e 
/ 
d 
a 
t 
e 
c 
s 
t 
r 
a 
i 
t 
s 
a 
d 
w 
I 
s 
e 
t 
t 
u 
p 
T 
h 
a 
k 
s 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083726 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229910 
EFTA01383850

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383851.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
t 
e 
w 
p 
O 
e 
d 
C 
F 
d 
C 
A 
C 
C 
a 
U 
C 
h 
a 
B 
a 
k 
T 
U 
S 
C 
m 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083728 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229912 
EFTA01383851

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383852.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383852.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
e 
m 
e 
S 
h 
e 
B 
$ 
k 
e 
M 
h 
m 
e 
P 
k 
w 
a 
k 
V 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083729 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229913 
EFTA01383852

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383853.pdf
----------------------------------------
T 
e 
I
I
I 
M 
o 
b 
e 
I
I 
I 
b 
a 
c 
k 
b 
e 
r 
r 
y 
E 
m 
a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083730 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229914 
EFTA01383853

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383854.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
e 
c 
u 
r 
t 
e 
s 
f 
f 
e 
r 
e 
d 
h 
u 
h 
D 
e 
u 
s 
c 
h 
e 
B 
a 
k 
S 
e 
c 
u 
r 
t 
e 
s 
c 
T 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083731 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229915 
EFTA01383854

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383855.pdf
----------------------------------------
h 
i 
s 
c 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
m 
a 
y 
c 
t 
a 
i 
c 
f 
i 
d 
e 
t 
i 
a 
I 
a 
d 
/ 
r 
P 
r 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083732 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229916 
EFTA01383855

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383856.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383856.pdf
----------------------------------------
i 
v 
i 
I 
e 
e 
d 
i 
f 
r 
m 
a 
t 
i 
O 
I 
f 
y 
O 
u 
a 
r 
e 
t 
t 
h 
e 
i 
t 
e 
d 
e 
d 
r 
e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083733 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229917 
EFTA01383856

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383857.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 
i 
p 
i 
e 
t 
( 
r 
h 
a 
v 
e 
r 
e 
c 
e 
i 
v 
e 
d 
t 
h 
i 
s 
C 
o 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
e 
r 
r 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083734 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229918 
EFTA01383857

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383858.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383858.pdf
----------------------------------------
h 
S 
C 
m 
m 
U 
C 
t 
t
U 
U 
t 
h 
r 
z 
e 
d 
C 
p 
S 
C 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083736 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229920 
EFTA01383858

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383859.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383859.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 
a 
t 
i 
o 
s 
s 
t 
r 
i 
c 
t 
I 
y 
f 
o 
r 
b 
i 
d 
d 
e 
P 
I 
e 
a 
s 
e 
r 
e 
f 
e 
r 
t 
O 
h 
t 
t 
p 
s 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083738 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229922 
EFTA01383859

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383860.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383860.pdf
----------------------------------------
b 
C 
m 
/ 
$ 
U
r 
e
S 
r 
d
d 
ci 
t 
U 
C 
r 
E 
e 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083739 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229923 
EFTA01383860

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383861.pdf
----------------------------------------
d 
e 
r 
I 
e 
a 
I 
r 
t 
a 
x 
a 
d 
v 
i 
c 
e 
a 
d 
t 
h 
e 
i 
f 
r 
m 
a 
t 
i 
c 
t 
a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083741 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229925 
EFTA01383861

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383862.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383862.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
d 
i 
t 
h 
i 
S 
c 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
S 
h 
u 
I 
d 
t 
b 
e 
r 
e 
a 
r 
d 
e 
d 
a 
s 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083742 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229926 
EFTA01383862

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383863.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383863.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
U 
C 
h 
T 
h 
i 
s 
c 
o 
m 
m 
u 
i 
C 
a 
t 
i 
o 
m 
a 
y 
c 
t 
a 
i 
c 
o 
f 
i 
d 
e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083743 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229927 
EFTA01383863

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383864.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383864.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
i 
a 
I 
a 
d 
I 
o 
r 
p 
r 
i 
v 
i 
I 
e 
e 
d 
i 
f 
o 
r 
m 
a 
t 
i 
o 
I 
f 
Y 
o 
u 
a 
r 
e 
o 
t 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083744 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229928 
EFTA01383864

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383865.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383865.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 
a 
t 
i 
o 
e 
r 
r 
o 
r 
) 
P 
I 
e 
a 
s 
e 
o 
t 
i 
f 
y 
t 
h 
e 
s 
e 
d 
e 
r 
i 
m 
m 
e 
d 
i 
a 
t 
e 
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083746 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229930 
EFTA01383865

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383866.pdf
----------------------------------------
p 
S 
C 
O 
S 
U 
r 
e 
r 
d 
S 
t 
r 
b 
U 
t 
t 
h 
e 
m 
O 
e 
r 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083748 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229932 
EFTA01383866

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383867.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
O 
m 
m 
Li 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
O 
s 
s 
t 
r 
i 
C 
t 
I 
y 
f 
r 
b 
i 
d 
d 
e 
P 
I 
e 
a 
S 
e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083749 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229933 
EFTA01383867

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383868.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
f 
e 
r 
t 
r 
t 
t 
S 
I 
d
b 
C 
m
d 
S 
r 
e 
S 
f 
r 
h
E 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083750 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229934 
EFTA01383868

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383869.pdf
----------------------------------------
U 
c 
O 
r 
P 
o 
r 
a 
t 
e 
a 
d 
r 
e 
g 
u 
I 
a 
t 
O 
r 
y 
d 
i 
s 
c 
I 
o 
s 
u 
r 
e 
s 
D 
e 
u 
t 
s 
c 
h 
e 
B 
a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083751 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229935 
EFTA01383869

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383870.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
m 
a 
t 
i 
o 
c 
o 
t 
a 
i 
e 
d 
i 
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
o 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
o 
s 
h 
o 
u 
I 
d 
o 
t 
b 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083753 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229937 
EFTA01383870

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383871.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383871.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
g 
e 
d 
e 
d 
r 
h 
This 
comm 
unicati 
on 
may 
contai 
confid 
ential 
and/or 
privile 
ged 
inform 
ation. 
If you 
are 
not 
the 
intend 
ed 
recipie 
nt (or 
have 
receiv 
ed this 
comm 
unicati 
on in 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083754 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229938 
EFTA01383871

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383872.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383872.pdf
----------------------------------------
error) 
please 
notify 
the 
sende 
im me 
diately 
and 
destro 
y this 
comm 
unicati 
on. 
Any 
unaut 
horize 
d 
copyin 
9, 
disclo 
sure 
or 
distrib 
ution 
of the 
materi 
al in 
this 
comm 
unicati 
on is 
strictly 
forbid 
den. 
Pleas 
e refer 
to http 
s://db. 
com/di 
sclosu 
res for 
additio 
nal 
EU 
corpor 
ate 
and 
regula 
tory 
disclo 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083755 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229939 
EFTA01383872

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383873.pdf
----------------------------------------
communication in error) please notify the 
sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax 
advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as 
such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or 
privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient 
(or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU 
corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the 
information contained in this communication should not be 
regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083758 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229942 
EFTA01383873

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383874.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sara Castro 
Theresa Coleman 
Subject: RE: Deposit Return - A/c # 35269691 **" Query for pwm return Item [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Confirmed. Please re-deposit the check. 
Regards, 
Brad 
Bradley Gillin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
Y rl 
Y 1 1 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Joy E Mitchell 
Sent: Thursday, September 28, 2017 12:59 PM 
To: Julian 1 Leff ifi
lal
; Bradley Gillin 
Pugh, Pamela A 
Fernandes, Maria I <
IIMMMI; Groover, Karen A 
; !tile, Renel a; 
Anna E Del Rosso 
Cc: 
Divya Rajawat <a; 
Stewart Oldfield a›; 
William-M Finn < 
ynthia Rodriguez j
[IIMI
>: Gail F Mahabir 
CUST INV 
; Mariela Lopez a; 
Norma A Kenney •
>; Raphael A 
Marin 4
:>; Muhammod J Uddin 
>; Evon A Lawrence 
Hemant-Kumar Rathore 
; Erna Menniti 
Sara Castro <a;
 Theresa Coleman 
Subject: RE: Deposit Return - A/c # 35269691 *** Query for pwm return Item [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Brad, 
Just to confirm that yesterday PWM charged the client an instructed Return Items to Return the check. This means that 
an advice will be generated and sent to Return Items by HS. Upon receipt, Return Items will re-associate the check to 
the advice and mail to the client (see attachment). This is the procedure in place for PWM return checks. 
I am reiterating, as per your e-mail below dated 9/28, you would like for the check to be re-deposited. This means that 
Return Items will be preparing a deposit ticket and submit to FIS for processing. Looking forward to your confirmation. 
Kind regards, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083761 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229945 
EFTA01383874

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383875.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383875.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
9/10/2013 5:40:48 AM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
Subject: 
Re: ACATS for Southern Financial/Trust II) 
Attachments: pic28223.gif; pic02615.gif; pic23460.gif; pic30992.gif; pic09892.gif; pic07050.gif; pic22114.gif; pic25067.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
ok sounds good let's talk tuesday, thanks 
 Original Message  
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: 09/09/2013 05:49 PM EDT 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: ACATS for Southern Financial/Trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
we're on it Paul. You, Caroline and I need to review an accurate list of the 
positions that can/cannot/wouldn't come. Based on our conversation Friday, JE 
knows not all will be coming over (proceeds from proprietary product and OTC 
options will move once matured). We just want to be sure that list of 
positions that cannot move, is accurate. Jay should have that for is in the 
morning (he has to check with Pershing, ACAT, etc...various groups); some 
positions will be a discussion for you, Caroline and I (eg. we agreed 
novating the FX options wasn't realistic). 
sit down in the morning and then go back to Jeff with this info as part of our 
note of thanks for Friday's meeting? 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28223.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. +1 (212) 454-2889 
Fax +1 (646) 257-3131 
Mobile +1 (917) 327-4107 
Email tazia.smith@db.com 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02615.gif) 
From: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Jay Lipman/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAs, vahe Stepanian/db/dbcom@DBAmericas 
Date: 
09/09/2013 05:09 PM 
subject: 
Re: ACATS for southern Financial/Trust [I] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083772 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229956 
EFTA01383875

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383876.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383876.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: For internal use only 
Thanks need to move this forward, 
 original Message  
From: Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 09/09/2013 04:13 PM EDT 
To: Jay Lipman 
Cc: Tazia Smith; Vahe Stepanian; Paul Morris 
subject: Re: ACATS for southern Financial/Trust [I] 
classification: For internal use only 
Thank you, Jay. I'll send the account docs to the client today and we can 
discuss the ACATS further when Paul is in the office tomorrow 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic23460.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30992.gif) 
From: 
Jay Lipman/db/dbcom 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS, Vahe Stepani an/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS 
Date: 
09/09/2013 04:03 PM 
subject: 
Re: ACATS for Southern Financial/Trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Amanda, 
As we discussed earlier, the ACAT's will be more complicated than usual due to 
the exotic nature of some of the assets in the accounts. 
As for Jeepers, please find attached below the necessary brokerage documents 
for a corporate account. Please find Completion Instructions: 
Account Agreement - Please complete highlighted areas on pgs. 1, 6, 7, 14, and 
Corp ACCt. Authorization - Please complete highlighted area and sign/date 
bottom of pages 1 + 2 
[attachment "AWN Acct. Agreement.pdf" deleted by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom] 
[attachment "Corporate Account Authorization.pdf" deleted by Amanda 
Kirby/db/dbcom] [attachment "New Corporate Info Sheet 6.2012.pdf' deleted by 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083773 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229957 
EFTA01383876

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383877.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383877.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kind Regards, 
Jay Lipman 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic09892.gif) 
Jay Lipman 
Analyst I Markets Coverage Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
IMO 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07050.gif) 
From: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom 
TO: 
Jay Lipman/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
Tazia Smith, vahe Stepanian/db/dbcomSDBAmericas 
Date: 
09/09/2013 10:59 AM 
Subject: 
ACATS for Southern Financial/Trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi lay, 
wanted to touch base in regards to the ACATS for southern Trust and southern 
Financial. I know you were working on them on Friday. would like to send them 
to the client today, if possible. 
Also, Jeepers Inc was KYC approved on our end. I am going to work on getting 
those account docs prepared and send them over today. would you mind sending 
me Brokerage accounts for them? 
Thank you 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic22114.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
004 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic25067.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083774 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229958 
EFTA01383877

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383878.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383878.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart oldfield 
Sent: 
6/11/2018 2:1 : 4 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
CC: 
Bradley Gillin 
Subject: 
RE: USA Patriot Act Customer Identification Program Notification 
It should work, but when we know people are traveling we notify the fraud team so nothing gets blocked. Let me see if 
we can do something more general for him 
Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn Imailto
Sent: Monday, June 11, 2018 2:11 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Re: USA Patriot Act Customer Identification Program Notification 
thank you 
france dates not yet certain 
was thinking of a more regular ongoing vs particular dates.. 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Jun 11, 2018, at 2:08 PM, Stewart Oldfield < 
wrote: 
I'm guessing it's generated from the global markets accounts we reactivated recently, but let me 
confirm. Please also send me JEE's dates for France. 
Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Monday, June 11, 2018 1:40 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Fwd: USA Patriot Act Customer Identification Program Notification 
mailto 
do you know what this relates to? 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083778 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229982 
EFTA01383878

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383879.pdf
----------------------------------------
Pursuant to U.S. regulations issued under section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act. see 31 CFR 
1010.658. Deutsche Bank is required to notify you that we are prohibited from establishing, 
maintaining. administering, or managing a correspondent account for, or on behalf of the 
following which are defined collectively as "311 designated banks": 
o 
Banco Delta Asia or any of its subsidiaries (including, but not limited to, Delta Asia 
Credit Limited, and Delta Asia Insurance Limited). 
o 
Commercial Bank of Syria or any of its subsidiaries (including Syrian Lebanese 
Commercial Bank) 
o 
FBME Bank Ltd (f.k.a. Federal Bank of the Middle East Ltd.) or any of its subsidiaries 
o 
Halawi Exchange Co. or any of its subsidiaries 
o 
Kassem Rmeiti & Co. For Exchange or any of its subsidiaries 
The regulations also require us to notify you that your con it,spondent account with our financial 
institution may not be used to provide the 311 designated banks with access to our financial 
institution. If we become aware any of the 311 designated banks are indirectly using the 
correspondent account you hold at our financial institution, we will be required to take appropriate 
steps to prevent such access, including terminating your account. 
Regulation GG 
Pursuant to the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act of 2006 rUIGEA") and 
implementing regulations issued by Federal regulatory authorities ("Regulation GC"), the U.S. 
subsidiaries and affiliates of Deutsche Bank ("DBUS") are, where applicable, required to develop 
policies and procedures that arc reasonably designed to prevent payments in connection with 
unlawful Internet gambling (such payments are deemed to be "restricted transactions"). As pan of 
Deutsche Bank's compliance with Regulation GG. we will be enhancing our customer due 
diligence to identify risks of unlawful Internet gambling, submitting required notices and rejecting 
ALL restricted transactions attempted to be processed through any account you maintain with a 
DBUS entity. 
A Restricted Transaction means any of the following transactions or transmittals involving any 
credit, fimds, instrument, or proceeds that the UIGEA prohibits any person engaged in the 
business of betting or wagering (which does not include the activities of a financial transaction 
provider, or any interactive computer service or telecommunications service) from knowingly 
accepting• in connection with the participation of another person in unlawful Internet gambling: 
• 
Credit, or the proceeds of credit, extended to or on behalf of such other person 
(including credit extended through the use of a credit card); 
• 
An electronic fund transfer, or funds transmitted by or through a money transmitting 
business, or the proceeds of an electronic fund transfer or money transmitting service, 
from or on behalf of such other person: or 
• 
Any check, draft, or similar instrument that is drawn by or on behalf of such other 
person and is drawn on or payable at or through any financial institution. 
Please assist us in this endeavor by refraining to submit to any DBUS entity any U.S. dollar 
transaction involving directly or indirectly Internet gambling activity. 
Sincerely. 
<image003.gif> 
Client Data Services 
Deutsche Bank USA Core Corporation 
5201 Gate Parkway 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083780 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229984 
EFTA01383879

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383880.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jacksonville. FL 32256 USA 
Email: 
Lcc Jo) ncr -
Jacob Goss -
Jesse Cruz- + 
Jacob Brandenburg - 
Yonctic Carrington - 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083781 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229965 
EFTA01383880

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383881.pdf
----------------------------------------
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083782 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229966 
EFTA01383881

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383882.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kindly advise at the earliest on the above so I can launch KYC for all accounts and begin remediation, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CM Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
BI, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore aon Fast, Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083784 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229968 
EFTA01383882

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383883.pdf
----------------------------------------
Produced in Native Format 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083785 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229969 
EFTA01383883

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383884.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Volcker Questionnaire 
The Client Rep is required to provide this questionnaire for any new WM client that is not a natural person. 
If none of the categorizations under Part 1 or Part 2 applies to the new WM client. the Volcker Resource will contact the 
business line coverage lawyer. 
Name of Client: 
Butterfly Trust 
Part 1 
Check the box if the person or entity for which the account is being opened, corresponds to any of the 
following classifications: 
A legal entity, for example a corporation or single-member LLC. that is wholly-owned by one person. 
x A family trust' that is established by a single natural person, by spouses, by several Family Members? ("Family Trust") 
or by such persons together with a Family Trust or Family Vehicle (as defined below) established by Family Members of 
the same family. 
A corporation, limited liability company or partnership that is wholly-owned by a single natural person, by spouses, by 
several Family Members ("Family Vehicle') or together with a Family Trust or Family Vehicle established by Family 
Members of the same family. 
If owned or established by related Family Members, the principals have described the relationship to among the Family 
Members as follows: 
An estate. 
An ERISA, US Pension or Profit Sharing Plan (including any employee's stock bonus, pension or profit-sharing trust) 
which is a broad-based employee benefit plan that is qualified under Section 401 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(excluding plans for senior executives only), or the foreign equivalents of such plans. 
A governmental plan which has been established for the exclusive benefit of its employees or its beneficiaries for the 
purpose of distributing the corpus and income of the fund accumulated in such plan. 
A charitable organization that qualifies for tax exempt status under Section 501(cX3) of the Internal Revenue Code or 
that is operated exclusively for religious. educational, benevolent. fraternal, charitable or reformatory purposes. 
Foreign Sovereign Government. 
A non-US Entity that meets all of the following characteristics: 
— The entity is organized under the laws of a non-US jurisdiction: 
— Owners/members are not US residents or citizens: 
— No US banking entity of Deutsche Bank is involved in the chain of sponsorship/ownership; and 
— The entity does not have a US registered Commodity Pool Operator (registered with regard to the entity). 
If any of the above classifications apply to this vehicle. the client is out of scope for Volcker Covered Fund Determination. 
Skip Part 2 and proceed to Part 3 in this questionnaire. 
"Family Truer includes trusts with the name of the natural person(s) or family grantors. or the words. spousal. marital, testamentary, 
family, revocable. irrevocable, estate, living. charitable. residuary. dynasty, FBO, under •veal. supplemental needs. special needs, credit 
shelter. bypass. GST exempt or non-exempt. grantor. ORAT. CRUT, etc. where there are multiple family members who are grantors. 
including where the grantor-beneficiary relationship is either lineal or non-lineal (i.e.. outside the lines of parents and issue). 
"Family Member" includes any family member (all lineal descendants (including by adoption. shipcniidnin, foster children, and individuals 
that were a minor when another family member became a legal guardian of that individual) of a common ancestor (who may be living or 
deceased), and such lineal descendants' spouses or spousal equivalents: provided that the common ancestor is no more than 10 
generations removed from the youngest generation of family members), including former family members. 
wirrimi57 022673.i 201 i5 Page 1 on 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083786 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229970 
EFTA01383884

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383885.pdf
----------------------------------------
Part 2 
Is the vehicle an operating company which does not own or propose to acquire securities° having a value of 40% or more 
of the value of its total assets° on an unconsolidated basis? (Please note that the attached client certifications needs to 
be provided.) 
Yes, the entity is an operating company engaged in the business of 
and a client certification is attached 
No 
Part 3 
Please contact pwmvolckerresourcealist.db.com Volcker onboardIng approval of this vehicle If you 
— Did not check any box in Section 1. or 
— Checked -no' in Section 2. 
If you either checked any box in Section 1 or checked -yes- in Section 2 and have obtained a client certification, please 
attest and sign as follows: 
I attest that the above information is accurate and current and based on information provided to me by 
(Z.% (JEN4- irA 
?Cc in 1.-- 
as contact for 
-et—N_ Ind Si —
ft naturo of Cheat Reoenonsuve 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Name of Chen! Representative 
Data 
1O (II 
(Le 
The meaning of 'security in this context is broadly construed and includes, but is not limited to, stocks, bond 
security futures. as well as any put, call or other option on any security. 
a Value to total assets is excluding U.S. government securities and cash items. 
a See end of document for Certification. 
other debt instruments, 
WhI1571 7 022673.120115 Page 2 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083787 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229971 
EFTA01383885

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383886.pdf
----------------------------------------
Produced in Native Format 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083788 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM 00229972 
EFTA01383886

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383887.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners Of Legal 
Entity Customers 
I. General instructions 
What is this form? 
To help the government fight financial crime, Federal regulation requires certain financial institutions to obtain, verify, 
and record information about the beneficial owners of legal entity customers. Legal entities can be abused to disguise 
involvement in terrorist financing, money laundering, tax evasion, corruption, fraud, and other financial crimes. Requiring the 
disclosure of key individuals who own or control a legal entity (i.e., the beneficial owners) helps law enforcement investigate 
and prosecute these crimes. 
Who has to complete this form? 
This form must be completed by the person opening a new account on behalt of a legal entity with any of the following U.S. 
financial institutions: (i) a bank or credit union; (ii) a broker or dealer in securities; (iii) a mutual fund; (iv) a futures commission 
merchant or (v) an introducing broker in commodities. 
For the purposes of this form, a legal entity includes a corporation, limited liability company, or other entity that is created 
by a filing of a public document with a Secretary of State or similar office, a general partnership, and any similar business 
entity formed in the United States or a foreign country. Legal entity does not include sole proprietorships, unincorporated 
associations, or natural persons opening accounts on their own behalf. 
What information do I have to provide? 
This form requires you to provide the name, address, date of birth and Social Security number (or passport number or other 
similar information, in the case of Non-U.S. Persons) for the following individuals (i.e., the beneficial owners): 
• Each individual, if any, who owns, directly or indirectly, 25 percent or mare of the equity interests ofthe legal entity customer 
(e.g.. each natural person that owns 25 percent or more of the shares of a corporation); and 
• An individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity customer (e.g., a Chief Executive Officer, 
Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Managing Member, General Partner, President, Vice President, or Treasurer). 
The number of individuals that satisfy this definition of -beneficial owner" may vary. Under section (i), depending on the 
factual circumstances, up to four individuals (but as few as zero) may need to be identified. Regard€ess of the number 
of individuals identified under section (i), you must provide the identifying information of one individual under section 
(ii). It is possible that in some circumstances the same individual might he identified under both sections (e.g., the President 
of Acme, Inc. who also holds a 30% equity interest). Thus, a completed form will contain the identifying information of at least 
one individual (under section (ii)), and up to five individuals (i.e., one individual under section (ii) and four 25 percent equity 
holders under section (i)). 
The financial institution may also ask to see a copy of a driver's license or other identifying document for each beneficial 
owner listed on this form. 
WM189666 026819.051816 
P.Igt 1 e:1
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083789 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229973 
EFTA01383887

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383888.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
6/16/2018 1:39:47 AM 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20180616 
RM CODE 
82289 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
06/15/18 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,602,542.32 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
872,564.62 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
108,046.66 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
387,440.17 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
377,773.57 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK, INC. 
100,000.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
119,666.51 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
396,015.00 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
349,491.35 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
187,154.50 
PLAN D, LLC 
348,087.33 
JEGE, LLC 
299,328.13 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
263,078.10 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
217,358.36 
NES, LLC 
D 
474,786.03 
)5C INTERIORS LLC 
D 
132,055.27 
LSJE, LLC 
638,658.05 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
151,075.52 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
460,850.09 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
175,818.20 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
398,182.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
733,701.04 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
323,223.15 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC -
M 
267,972.25 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
49,460,098.13 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
532,186.86 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
102,625.90 
SSW 2007 LLC 
288,459.60 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
254,500.95 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
5,341,865.05 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
252,975.43 
TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
o 
1,743,519.50 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,480,071.75 
CRW 2009 LLC 
252,938.34 
RM CODE 
82289 
06/15/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT R 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
GEW 2009 LLC 
252,947.70 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,129,778.02 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
13,489,072.70 
NOEL VOLPE AND MANDY JANE VOLPE JTWR D 
205,679.01 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
149,967.76 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083791 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229975 
EFTA01383888

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383889.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383889.pdf
----------------------------------------
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
149,967.76 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
149,967.76 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
149,967.76 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083792 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229976 
EFTA01383889

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383890.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383890.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Darren Indyke AOl 
Sent: 
6/19/2018 11:00:35 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
Subject: 
Re: SIC check verification 
Yes 
Sent from my iPhone. Please excuse the typos. 
On Jun 19, 2018, at 10:35 AM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
Darren, we were presented with check #307 from STC made out to Islands Engaged for $50k. Is this ok 
to pay? Thanks 
<image00 I .png-'> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
10154 
Securities offered tivough Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083793 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229977 
EFTA01383890

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383891.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083794 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229978 
EFTA01383891

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383892.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383892.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
7/6/2018 1:23:56 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn IIMIMINImilml; 
Bella Klein 
CC: 
Nicole Perskawiec f 
I; Michele-M Quattrocchi 
Cales 
BCC: 
Subject: 
RE: Account xxxx9691 
; Daphne 
We were alerted today that there was a stop payment placed on this check. So while the check didn't bounce, payment 
has now been withheld. We are trying to research when the stop payment was initiated and get more info for you. We 
will let you know as soon as we have clarity here. 
Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, July 05, 2018 4:11 PM 
To: Richard Kahn 
Bella Klein 
Cc: Nicole Perskawiec 
Subject: RE: Account xxxx9691 
Confirmed. My understanding is that since the check has already cleared, we (DB) can refuse any request we later 
receive to return funds. Check cleared on Tuesday. Please call if you would like to discuss in more detail. 
Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn mai 
Sent: Thursday, July 05, 2018 4:08 PM 
To: Bella Klein <I
la• 
Cc: Nicole Perskawiec Ille; 
Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Re: Account xxxx9691 
would like confirmation that this check can no longer bounce. Thank you. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York. NY 10022 
On Jul 5, 2018, at 4:06 PM, Bella Klein 
wrote: 
Nicole, 
As per our conversation, please confirm that deposit check in the amount of $158025.02 was 
cleared on July 3rd. 
06/29/2018 
DEPOSIT 
5158.025.02 
0150002780 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083795 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229979 
EFTA01383892

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383893.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383893.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Jul 5, 2018, at 3:42 PM, jeffrey E. 
leevacationeizmail.com> wrote: 
ask the bank today to confirm 
On Thu, Jul 5, 2018 at 3:41 PM, Bella Klein 
wrote: 
Confirmed with the bank that check was cleared on 
June 29th.
06/29/2018 
Thank you, 
Bella 
On Jul 5, 2018, at 3:31 PM, jeffrey 
E. leevacation@amail.com>
wrote: 
did nick ribbis check bounce? 
please note 
The information contained in this 
communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is 
intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the 
property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
copying of this 
communication or any part thereof 
is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this 
communication in error, please 
notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
ieevacationazmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all 
copies thereof, 
DEPOSIT 
0150002780 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083797 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229981 
EFTA01383893

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383894.pdf
----------------------------------------
including all attachments. copyright 
-all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only 
for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us 
immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights 
reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083798 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229982 
EFTA01383894

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383895.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
dwhpbdw-batch@db.com Idwhpbdw-batch@db.comj 
Sent: 
7/18/2018 1:38:38 AM 
To: 
RM0082289@list.db.com 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20180718 
RM CODE 
82289 
07/17/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,290,731.53 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,268,385.92 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
266,125.81 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
386,079.04 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
725,906.54 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
376,315.00 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
283,129.32 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
347,374.83 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
293,228.13 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
181,927.94 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
186,210.61 
NES, LLC 
389,026.20 
)SC INTERIORS LLC 
121,996.47 
LS)E, LLC 
D 
502,628.62 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
126,087.60 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
316,045.76 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
148,741.08 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
197,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
436,628.19 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
2,080,509.86 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
734,175.44 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
323,432.14 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
M 
268,145.51 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
40,521,596.75 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
533,630.09 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
102,761.56 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
288,900.19 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
254,889.67 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
5,350,024.20 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
253,361.83 
TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,745,824.29 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
1,482,028.29 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
253,324.68 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
253,334.05 
RM CODE 
82289 
07/17/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,131,271.49 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,506,904.15 
NOEL VOLPE AND MANDY JANE VOLPE )TWR D 
180,948.50 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
150,166.01 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
150,166.01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083799 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229983 
EFTA01383895

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383896.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383896.pdf
----------------------------------------
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
150,166.01 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
150,166.01 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083800 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229984 
EFTA01383896

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383897.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Barrett 
Sent: 
7/26/2018 10:49:03 PM 
To: 
Nadean Novogratz 
CC: 
Subject: 
; Stewart 0ldfield 
; Xavier Avila 
; Davide-A Sferrazza 
; Devin Anderson 
Martin Zeman 
RE: Follow-up 
Thanks Nadean 
Will get the forms filled out and look at the pricing. 
Best, 
Paul 
Paul Barrett 
Alpha Group Capital LLC 
142 W 57th Street, 11.1" Floor, New York, NY 10019 
(c) 
a
ALPHA GROUP 
CAP
I TAL 
From: Nadean Novogratz 
Sent: Thursday, July 26, 2018 5:01 PM 
To: Paul Barrett 
Cc: Martin Zeman 
>; Stewart 0ldfield 
Davide-A Sferrazza <-
Subject: Follow-up 
Hi Paul, 
>; Xavier Avila 
>; Devin Anderson < 
Great to meet you over the phone today and discuss our derivatives offerings / market color. As mentioned, Southern 
Financial is fully onboarded to trade OTC equity derivatives here. We've reviewed our dots for listed options and just 
need 2 simple forms completed (attached). They are pretty straight forward but we're here to answer any questions on 
them that you have. 
Per Devin's comments on short-term upside, below are charts that compare SPY ATM vs 2% out of the money upside in 
the near-term experies. Vols are in the 8v range for the 2%0TM calls and as you can see for the next four weeks term 
structure is flat. We've continued to see the spot up / vol up correlation remain positive and if this theme continues, 
now is a good entry level into buying inexpensive vol. 
SPY ATM Calls: 
SPY 2/31Cail va 2P3-30 
&mood< Events 
areadotive laminas Reported1%) 
Tenor 
PTO 
Intet-Perlod Pwd Vol 
MOW, Pupost a mu( 
:40 
0.e% 
9.5 
(bun). Ar.p, NFP, FCMC De‘sion 
61% 
Frsday, Augua IC, 2012 
069% 
R.9 PPi IPt 
695 
PM" Assra 1T.201E 
2,42 
0117% 
9.2 
72ii 
n6ay. Ali&St "1118 
2.90 
:C2% 
9.2 
9.1 FOIACM1,5 la4i 
72% 
ado's, Ausarit ]1.2)18 
3.38 
US'S 
9.5 
14.4 PC[ 
74% 
rafay.Seatarobar p. 2016 
3.75 
9.6 
5 i5m acth) 4CP. NFP 
SPY 2% Upside Calls: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083801 
SDNY_GM_00229985 
EFTA01383897

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383898.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383898.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Google Alerts igooglealerts-noreply@google.coml 
Sent: 
7/16/2019 2:00:43 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Google Alert - Icon black 
leon black 
Wexner Slams Former Confidant Epstein's 'Sickening Behavior' 
Bloomberg 
Private-equity titan Leon Black also sought to clarify Epstein's role with his family foundation after reports that the Apollo 
Global Management LLC 
it 
A billionaire hedge fund manager and his wife maintained social and charitable ties with Jeffrey 
Business Insider 
Last week. Business Insider revealed that Epstein was the director of the private-equity guru Leon Black's family foundation 
from at least 2001 through ... 
It 
• 
Pro Rata 
Axios 
Last week we discussed how private equity titan Leon Black had once employed Jeffrey Epstein as a director of his family 
foundation, but claimed that ... 
A Reversal for Brp Incubordinate Voting Shares (NASDAQD000) Is Not Near. The Stock 
Has Rise ... 
The Aar.= Mercury 
... 2019, Themiddlemarket.com published: "M&A wrap: Apollo, Leon Black, 3M, Acelity, OpenTable, Venga — Mergers & 
Acquisitions' on May 02. 2019. 
You have received this email because you have subscribed to Google Alerts 
Unsubscnbe 
Igoe 
Receive this alert as RSS feed 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083803 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229987 
EFTA01383898

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383899.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
8/31/2018 9:02:44 AM 
To: 
Vijay-A Sawant 
CC: 
Richard larossi 
Mayur Rathod 
I; Bradley Gillin 
Subject: 
RE: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCISK487266) and Gratitude America Ltd (GCIS#499760) under the 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Please separate the cases, then. We need Gratitude taken care of to open a new account. Mort does not have that 
same urgency. I'm here if you want to call. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, August 31, 2018 8:38 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Richard larossi 
; Mayur Rathod 
Bradley Gillin 
Subject: RE: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCIS#487266) and Gratitude America Ltd (GCIS#499760) under the 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
Because both accounts Mort & Gratitude are part of the same KYC (01977700), we require Mort COGS or SoS, so this 
case can be submitted. 
SoS is the screenshot of this entities registration confirmation from the state registry website. Alternatively you can 
provide us the COGS dated within the last 6 months for Mort. This is the only pending item for this case, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Bl, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlcn Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore aon East, Mumbai 400063 , India 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, August 31, 2018 5:52 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Richard larossi < 
Mayur Rathod 
Bradley Gillin 
Subject: Re: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCIS#487266) and Gratitude America Ltd (GCIS#499760) under the 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083805 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229989 
EFTA01383899

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383900.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383900.pdf
----------------------------------------
Do we need Mort to complete Gratitude? Also, what is SOS? Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Aug 31, 2018, at 6:59 AM, Vijay-A Sawant 
• wrote: 
Good Morning Stewart, 
After receipt of the COGS for Gratitude America in attached email, we confirm that only the following 
items are pending for KYC Case#01977700 
• 
SOS & COGS for Mort Inc dated in last 6 months. Entity domiciled in US Virgin Islands. 
Once the above item is received, we will submit this case to the AML team for approval, thanks. 
Regards, 
cimage001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche O8 Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
91, DB Centre Mumbai, Niacin Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbal 400063, India 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Wednesday, August 01, 2018 5:37 PM 
To: Bradley Gillin ,•t
; Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Mayur Rathod 
Subject: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCIS#487266) and Gratitude America Ltd 
(GCIS#499760) under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hello Brad/Stewart, 
This review relates to review of above high-risked accounts due for remediation 8/31/2018.
Upon review of the does available from repositories, we have completed attached checklists, identifying 
RP's below. List of pending items listed below — 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083806 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00229990 
EFTA01383900

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383901.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383901.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Bradley Gitlin 
Sent: Wednesday, August 01, 2018 7:15 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 
Classification: For Menial use oily 
Hi Vijay, 
See responses in blue below: 
Reason for Rejection:7/31 
A — Please provide a recent document that will serve as address proof. The IRS document is from September, 2016. 
- Could you provide latest tJuly lit) bank statement for this entity? This should resolve this request. 
• 
isupportLists]--><!--(endifl-->Anached 
B — Nature of Business: What do they do with the artwork? Do they purchase it and re-sell it? Does the trust only 
hold artwork as assets? — As per constitutional dots. the purposc of Prytancc LLC is for engaging in the acquisition. 
ownership & management of artwork for investment purposes. I had already updated this but it seems they want 
more info on re-selling part. Could you advise on this please? 
• 
lsupportlists1--><!--(endif1-->This is hysterical. Private An collectors are constantly buying and 
selling art work. They do whatever they please with it...pta it on the wall, loan it to museums, keep it in the 
shipping box it came in. Artwork and cash to purchase the artwork are the only assets. 
• 
lsupportlists]--><!--(endifj-->Pleasc tell them to call me if they reject this... 
• 
<!--(if lsupportLists]--><!--(endifl-->Still laughing 
C — Please check to see if there is a memo that was accompanied by Chip Packard's approval. If there is none, I 
recommend "refreshing" the approval with current senior management. The current c-mail approval does not 
address what exactly is being discussed and approved. — Kindly provide this please. 
• 
<!--(if lsupportlistsj--><!--knditl-->Recent ExCo approval was obtained and attached. All alerts have 
been cleared. What do they need hero - an updated ExCo approval? 
D - The address of employer for Caroline is missing. In addition, please include how long she has been with that 
company etc. - For Caroline, I have now updated Sotheby's Switzerland address & already updated that she was 
appointed there in 2012. Please advise if you have any additional points to add? 
• 
lsupportListsj--><I-lendifl-->Thank you. No. 
E — The "How Was the Client(s) Introduced? How long has the RM personally known the client?" field talks about 
Zorro Management. Please amend. — Updated as appropriate. 
• 
<!--(if IsupportLists]--><!--(enditl-->leffrey Epstein met with Stew Oldfield on 3/7/17 to open new acct 
for other entity. This is in the introduction field. RM has known the client for 4 years 
F — New fields were added as part of Dbforce change last weekend. Please ensure those fields are filled out. - Please 
advise on the following additional points for this case, as appropriate: 
<image002.png> 
High Risk Countries — NO 
Skims to 3rd parties — NO 
Beater shares, controls — NO 
Structure complex — NO 
Prohibited — NO 
Regards. 
Brad 
<image001.gif> 
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083810 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00229994 
EFTA01383901

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383902.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383902.pdf
----------------------------------------
345 Park Avenue, 24th Fl 
New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Wednesday, August 01.2018 4:41 AM 
To: Bradley Gitlin <
Cc: Stewart Oldficl 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Casc#01946825 [II 
Importance: High 
Good Morning Brad/Stewart. 
I have received following 'new' rejection points on this case, as follows, see me comments in red below — 
Reason for Rejection:7/31 
A — Please provide a recent document that will serve as address proof. The IRS document is from September, 2016. 
- Could you provide latest (July 18) bank statement for this entity? This should resolve this request. 
B — Nature of Business: What do they do with the artwork? Do they purchase it and re-sell it? Does the Dust only 
hold artwork as assets? — As per constitutional does, the purpose of Prytanec LLC is for engaging in the acquisition. 
ownership & management of artwork for investment purposes. I had already updated this but it seem they want 
more info on re-selling pan. Could you advise on this please? 
C — Please check to sec if there is a memo that was accompanied by Chip Packard's approval. If there is none, I 
recommend "refreshing" the approval with current senior management. The current e-mail approval does not 
address what exactly is being discussed and approved. - Kindly provide this please. 
D - The address of employer for Caroline is missing. In addition, please include how long she has been with that 
company etc. - For Caroline, I have now updated Sotheby's Switzerland address & already updated that she was 
appointed there in 2012. Please advise if you have any additional points to add? 
E - The "How Was the Client(s) Introduced? How long has the Ft/v1 personally known the client?" field talks about 
Zorro Management. Please amend. - Updated as appropriate. 
F — New fields were added as part of Dbforce change last weekend. Please ensure those fields are filled out. — Please 
advise on the following additional points for this case, as appropriate: 
<image002.png> 
I look forward to your response at the earliest in resolving these rejections, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
image001.git> 
Vijay Saw•ant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B l. DB Centre NItimbai. Nirlon Knowledge Park. Western Express Highway 
rewton East. Mum ai - 400063 , India 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Monday. July 23, 2018 12:22 PM 
To: Bradley Gitlin 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 (lj 
Importance: High 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083811 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229895 
EFTA01383902

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383903.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383903.pdf
----------------------------------------
Good Morning Brad/Stewart. 
A kind reminder of the below rejected case & an update as well. 
Please note that as per latest update on CDD form deliver• options (refer attached email from AML), we are able to 
verify signatures of authorized individual from signature card, corporate resolution, etc. I am able to verify Mr 
Epstein's signature with 2017 Corp Resolution found in the repositories in this MSC. This resolves one of the 
rejection points below for us J 
So just summarizing the only pending item for this case now — 
• 
<!--(if lsupportLists1—xl-lendifl-->COGS for Prytanee. LLC. (We would require the client to send 
latest COGS. dated within the last 6 months) 
Let me know if you have any queries, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1.138 Centre Mumbai. Nirlon Knowledge Park Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063 India 
From: Vijay-A Smartt 
Sent: Tuesday. July 17, 2018 12:38 PM 
To: Bradley Gitlin 
Cc: Stewart Oldfie 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 [II 
Importance: High 
Hi Brad/Stewan. 
As discussed yesterday, kindly procure COGS dtd within the last 6 months for the acct holding entity. 
I look forward to the Fincen form when available. thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
<4nagc001.gil> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Bl. DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East. Mumbai - 400063 , India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083812 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229998 
EFTA01383903

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383904.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383904.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Bradley Gitlin 
Sent: Thursday. July 12.2018 7:00 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC CasaIII 
Classification: For internal use only 
Vijay. 
I have searched far and wide, and on the US Virgin Island entity search website. No sign of the COGS. Do we 
really need this for an existing account? 
Regards, 
Brad 
<image001.gif> 
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
IMO 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Thursday, July 12, 2018 8:43 AM 
To: Bradley Giffin 4
11=la 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on 
Importance: High 
Hi Brad, 
Many thanks for the below email. I have taken care of most of the rejection points now. 
Regarding the COGS query. I am looking for something like the attached. Could you advise? 
look forward to Fifteen update when available. thanks. 
Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East. Mumbai - 400063 India 
From: Bradley Gillin 
Sent: Wednesday, July 11, 2018 8:07 PM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083813 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229997 
EFTA01383904

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383905.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383905.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
<!--[if IsupportLists1--><!--[enditl-->In 1976. Epstein started work as an options trader at Bear Steams 
where he worked in the special products division, advising high-net-worth clients on tax strategies. Proving 
successful in his financial career, in 1980 Epstein became a partner at Bear Stearns. 
• 
<!--[if Isupportlists]--><!--[endif]-->In 1982. Epstein founded his own financial management firm J. 
Epstein & Co., managing the assets of clients with more than SI billion in net worth. In 1987, Leslie Wexner, 
founder and chairman of Ohio-based The Limited chain of women's clothing stores, became a well-known client. 
Wexner acquired Abercrombie & Fitch the following year. In 1992 he converted a private school on the Upper East 
Side into an enormous residence. Epstein later bought that property, in the wealthiest part of Manhattan. In 19%, 
Epstein changed the name of his firm to the Financial Trust Company and, for tax advantages. based it on the island 
of St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
• 
<!--(if isupportlists]--><!--lenditl-->In 2003. Epstein bid to acquire New York magazine. Other bidders 
were advertising executive Donny Deutsch, investor Nelson Peitz_ media mogul and publisher Mortimer 
Zuckerman, who had the Ncw York Daily News, and film producer Haney Weinstein. They were ultimately outbid 
by Bruce Wasserstein. a longtime Wall Street investor, who paid $55 million. 
• 
<!--[if IsupportLists]--><!--rendifj-->In 2004, Epstein and Zuckerman committed up to $25 million to 
finance Radar a celebrity and pop culture magazine founded by 1vIaer Roshan. Epstein and Zuckerman were equal 
partners in the venture. Roshan, as its editor-in-chief, retained a small ownership stake. 
• 
<!--[if IsupportLists]--><!--[endif]-->Presently. Mr. Epstein founded Southern Trust Company Inc. a 
private consulting company that invests the assets of their clients and gets their revenue from the return of these 
investments. Southern Trust invests in different portfolios catered to their clients and makes their revenue based on 
the returns and the fees associated with managing their client's assets. 
11) Please explain in detail what this account is being used for. Whit are the monthly expenses of the company? 
Deposit account related to art purchase. It couldn't be clearer in the current description: 
• 
<!--[if isupportlists1--><!--[endif]-->Jeffrey and Caroline share the same affinity for art and decided to 
become partners investing in artwork from up and coming artists together. They both invest equally in the purchases 
of the artwork. 
13) Please provide COGS for Prytanee, LLC. 
• 
<!--[!f IsupportLists]--><!--[endif]-->Explain? 
17) Please provide proof of delivery for the FinCEN form. Please ensure it was c-mailed by the same person who 
signed the form (Jeffrey Epstein). 
• 
<!--lif Isupportlistsj--><!--lenditi-->Will revert shortly 
Regards. 
Brad 
<image001.gif> 
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
New York NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, July 06, 2018 2:12 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083815 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00229999 
EFTA01383905

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383906.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: Bradley Gitlin <
MM> 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 
Hi Stewart, 
Sure, you & Brad can call me Monday or Tuesday next week. Monday. I am available till 10am your time and till 
11:30am on Tuesday. 
Regards. 
timage00l.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B I. DB Centre NIumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore ion East• Mutnbai - 400063 , India 
Tel. 
Mobile 4 
From: Stewart °Wield 
Sent: Friday. July 06, 2018 12:14 AM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 
Let's set up a time to discuss when Brad is back next week. Some of these requests seem unreasonable, and AML 
should already have a lot of this info, particularly anything relating to Jeffrey Epstein personally (since we lave so 
many accounts for him). 
As for Chip's email, it predates me. And the other people on the email are no longer at DB. So I don't see how I 
can get hold of the full email. But again. Jeffrey has been through a complete rep risk process here and has been 
signed off on repeatedly by management as we've done any KYC remediation or new account opening. 
Anyway. let's regroup next week so we can go back to AML with a comprehensive set of responses. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Wednesday. July 04.2018 9:15 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin 
Subject: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 
Importance: High 
Hello Stewart, 
Hope you are well!! 
I have received the following list of rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 relating to customer - Prvtanee• LLC. 
need your assistance in resolving below highlighted points. 
For Point 2 - As per attached constitutional doe, they (AML) arc requesting to update address mentioned on Pg 11 
(Royal Palms Professional Building address). I had updated address as per Pg 28 which is the IRS letter. Please 
confirm whether to keep this address or amend it as per Pg 11? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083816 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00230000 
EFTA01383906

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383907.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083818 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230002 
EFTA01383907

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383908.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Bradley GUM 
9/17/2018 11:13:59 AM 
Stewart Oldfield 
lll 
Stewart Oldfield GMIS August.pdf 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Lindemann Family Relationship is not linked under your name. 
• 
1422191518 - LINDEMANN ADAM Residential Mortgage Jumbo 2/1/2010 $14,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083820 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00230004 
EFTA01383908

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383909.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383909.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Davide-A Sferrazza 
Sent: 
9/19/2018 6:26:18 PM 
To: 
Paul Barrett 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
I; Martin Zeman 
Liam Osullivan 
Subject: 
DB Initial Margin Segregation (C] 
Attachments: CFTC Seg IA Notice Annual 2018823.pdf 
Classification: Confidential 
Paul, 
I tried reaching out last week regarding the attached notice that you received, but was not able to reach you. Today it 
struck me that I had not connected with you yet on this topic. 
I spoke with our Credit and legal departments about whether this has any effect on Southern Financial's accounts — the 
short answer is that you can disregard. 
The long answer is that per the CFTC rules, you have the option to segregate initial margin by having it held in an 
account with a third part bank/custodian. Since the collateral for Southern Financial sits in an account custodied with 
Pershing, you are already receiving this treatment. The notice would really only apply if collateral was held directly with 
DB Global Markets' collateral department, which is not the case for most WM clients. 
Please feel free to reach out if you have any further questions, and we'll be happy to address. 
Regards, 
Davide 
Davide Sferrazza 
Analyst I Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities. Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0004 New York. NY, USA 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083823 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230007 
EFTA01383909

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383910.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383910.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Compliance 
Dodd-Frank Title VII Regulation: Annual Notice of Right to CFTC Segregation 
of Initial Margin for Uncleared Swaps ("IM") 
Dear Collateral Officer':
Deutsche Bank AG ("Deutsche Bank") is provisionally registered as a swap dealer with the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (CFTC) under The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd- Frank"). This 
communication is to remind you that if you are a U.S. Person or a Guaranteed Affiliate or Affiliate Conduit of a U.S. 
Person (each as defined by the CFTC), you have a right to segregate any initial margin that you post in respect of 
CFTC-regulated uncleared swaps. 
In accordance with CFTC rule 23.701, we are notifying you that, to the extent you post IM in respect of any CFTC-
regulated uncleared swap with us that is executed on or subsequent to the applicable compliance date, you have the 
right to elect that IM be segregated in accordance with the requirements set forth in CFTC rules 23.702 and 23.703 
(the 'CFTC Segregation Regime"). Unless you wish to change the election you previously made (or were deemed to 
have made), your existing segregation arrangements, if any, will remain in effect and will apply to future CFTC-
regulated uncleared swap transactions. You may change your election at any time by delivering written notice to us. 
If you elect to require the CFTC Segregation Regime, certain documentation, including a tri-party custodial agreement 
that meets the requirements of the CFTC Segregation Regime, must be put in place. Choosing this election might 
prevent us from entering into new CFTC-regulated uncleared swaps with you until such documentation is in place.2
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you choose to enter into an Uncleared Swap with us prior to executing such 
documentation, you will be deemed to have made an election not to require CFTC IM Segregation for that particular 
transaction. 
Unless your most recent election with us is to require the CFTC Segregation Regime, if you do not respond within 
twenty (20) business days of receipt of this Notice of Right to CFTC Segregation of Initial Margin, we will deem 
you to have confirmed receipt of this notice by your Collateral Officer and to have made an election to not 
require the CFTC Segregation Regime. In the event you execute an Uncleared Swap with us after receipt of this 
notice but prior to the expiration of the above period, and we have not otherwise obtained your election, we will deem 
you to have confirmed receipt of this Notice of Right to CFTC Segregation of Initial Margin by your Collateral Officer 
and to have made an election to not require the CFTC Segregation Regime. You may change your election at any 
time in writing. If you do not elect CFTC Segregation, you remain free to make or retain other arrangements with us 
for the segregation of initial margin. 
A non-exclusive list of custodians that are currently considered acceptable to us for the CFTC Segregation Regime, 
indicative pricing information, CFTC Segregation Election Form, and Frequently Asked Questions are provided in the 
t.,•:cc Brink ::)cud-FB;r:nb 
1-Cosource 
ntrf, (httc.:•. 
dr: nenrcln;idtrnink). Please use the password: 
.. ..,..:o». (This password is being provided for your use as a Client of Deutsche Bank. Please do not share it 
outside of your institution.) 
If you have any questions regarding this notice or to receive a CFTC Segregation Election Letter form or to update 
previously provided information, please contact your sales representative or dr c,cila,:tdt: corn. 
'Collateral Officer" moans an officer responsible for the management of collateral. or. if you have not identified such officer to us. Men the 
Chief Risk Officer of CouMerparty, or if no such officer, the Chief Executive Officer, or if none, the highest-level decision-maker for 
Counterparty. 
Please note that any existing custodial arrangements ...Meth.: legally required or bargained for independently, night not contain the same 
terms as the CFTC Segregation Regime and therefore night need to be revised if IM segregation in accordance with the CFTC 
Segregation Regime is elected. Parties wishing to elect IM segregation in accordance with CFTC Segregation Regime might wish to consult 
with legal counsel. 
2018823 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083824 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230008 
EFTA01383910

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383911.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
Sent: 
10/15/2018 9:39:28 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldtield 
CC: 
Richard larossi 
Subject: 
FW: Weekly Status Update - Week ending 10/12/2018 II) 
Importance: 
High 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Stew. 
Push below cases to the next KYC queue. Thanks. 
KYC Case01977703 - Southern Financial LLC & LSJE, LLC (For Stewart) 
KYC Case01977699 - J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc; Hyperion Air, LLC (For Stewart) 
Regards. 
Brad 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Monday, October 15, 2018 9:11 AM 
To: Bradley Gillin < 
>; Richard larossi < 
Cc: Mayur Rathod <mayur.rathod@db.com>; Vinita Advani <vinita.advani@db.com> 
Subject: Weekly Status Update - Week ending 10/12/2018 
Importance: High 
Hello Brad, 
Apologies, I was meant to send this on Friday, but here it is, belatedly. The counts are provided for each risk rating 
indicated by H for High risk, M for Moderate & L for Low. Let me know if you have any queries, thanks. 
2018 HR Update: 
Status 
Count 
Notes 
Client not started 
11- 0; M - 39 &I. - 52 
Client Outreach 
-21; M -6&l. -0 
Exclusion Completed 
14— 12; M —0 & L - 0 
All Alterman accts are being handled by MR on 
account of bankruptcy filing by the SOW - Jeffrey 
Epstein 
Fully Approved 
H - 19; M - 1 &I. - 0 
Initial Due Diligence 
1i - 4; M - 1 & 1 - 0 
Pending Approval 
H —20; M -0 &I. - 0 
Accounts with PO are listed below for reference. 
These need to be pushed to the next stages. 
Pending Exclusion 
H - 2; M - 0 & L - 0 
Profile Completion 
H - 1; M -0 & 1- 0 
Expected to be submitted as soon as does received 
for GotdenTree 
Quality Rejection 
H- 11; M -10 8,1 - 1 
Grand Total 
200 
KYC Case01977703 
KYC Case01977699 
KYC Case01981931 
KYC Case01984308 
- Southern Financial LLC & LSJE, LLC (For Stewart) 
- J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc; Hyperion Air, LLC (For Stewart) 
- Goldentree High Grade Floating Rate Fund GP LLC (For Brad) 
- Goldentree Loan Management GP, LLC (For Brad) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083825 
SDNY_GM_00230009 
EFTA01383911

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383912.pdf
----------------------------------------
Let me know if any queries, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CM Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
BI, DB Centre Mumbak Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore aon East Mumbai - 400063, India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083826 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230010 
EFTA01383912

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383913.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383913.pdf
----------------------------------------
I'm out next week. Let's connect and talk about timing 
when I'm back. Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn 
[mailto• 
Sent: Wednesday, September 26, 2018 8:58 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Re: Gratitude 
mr epstein said that he would not be able to give 
guidance on how to proceed until October 
please advise if ok.. 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Sep 25, 2018, at 
12:52 PM, Stewart 
Oldfield 
wrote: 
Did you come to any 
conclusions on this 
one? Thanks 
<image001 png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, 
CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083829 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230013 
EFTA01383913

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383914.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383914.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, 
and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083831 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230015 
EFTA01383914

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383915.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383915.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: Tuesday, November 13, 2018 10:38 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield O; 
Kimberly Hart 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Richard larossi 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media [II [CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Based on the below I approve continuing this relationship 
Regards, 
Andrew Gallivan 
Andrew Gallivan 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 10154.0004 New York, NY, USA 
#Positivelm pact 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Wednesday, November 07, 2018 5:12 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Kimberly Hart 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Richard larossi 
Subject: FW: Epstein - negative media [I] 
I have more info as outlined below based on a conversation with Jeffrey's lawyer. 
Andrew — please confirm that you remain comfortable with the business risk here. 
Kim — please forward as necessary 
Summary of situation: 
This was a frivolous lawsuit that was quickly withdrawn by the plaintiff attorneys upon response from Epstein's lawyers. 
The person ultimately behind the lawsuit was Steven Hoffenberg, who was convicted of fraud and served a long jail 
sentence. 
Hoffenberg was called "unstable" and "manic" by the judge that sentenced him. He repeatedly filed lawsuits against the 
government from jail and against other people (including his lawyers), all of which were dismissed. 
He convinced the plaintiffs to file this suit as a class action. That way Hoffenberg wouldn't be the plaintiff himself. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083833 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230017 
EFTA01383915

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383916.pdf
----------------------------------------
The original matter here was thoroughly investigated by the SEC and others and Hoffenberg was the only person 
deemed to have been involved. 
If you Google Hoffenberg, it's easy to find the full history here. I think we should accept this matter as closed on our 
side. 
Thanks 
From: Richard larossi 
Sent: Thursday, October 18, 2018 5:22 PM 
To: Kimberly Hart < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
>; Stewart Oldfield <
> 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media [I] 
Classification: For lama! WO only 
Hi Kim, 
AML Compliance (Yoonsun) has requested that we receive your approval to move forward on all Southern 
Financial/Epstein KYC remediation's. 
As per your discussions with Stew regarding the latest lawsuit against Jeffrey, please find the attached 'Notice of 
Dismissal' dated 10/5/18. 
As this occurred after your approval on 10/2/17, please confirm again that we are comfortable moving forward. 
Thank You, 
Rich 
Richard larossi 
Assistant Vice President 
IX-nisch° Bank Wealth Nlanagcmcnt 
345 Park .Avanic. 24th Floor 
N•wr o C' (1154 
Securities offixed through Deutsche Bank Socutilks Inc.
From: Kimberly Hart 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 12:15 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Was this returned as an ROC alert — or part of the regular Lexis/Nexis due diligence? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083834 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230018 
EFTA01383916

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383917.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383917.pdf
----------------------------------------
k 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 141" floor, New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 11:03 AM 
To: Kimberly Hart
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: Epstein - negative media 
Kim, 
This just surfaced in our latest KYC reviews. Let's discuss what info I need from the client and then next steps. Thanks 
http://www.classactionsreporter.com/sites/default/files/towers ponzi scheme complaint.pdf 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bar Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083835 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230019 
EFTA01383917

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383918.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383918.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: Epstein - negative media 
Kim, 
This just surfaced in our latest KYC reviews. Let's discuss what info I need from the client and then next 
steps. Thanks 
http://www.classactionsreporter.comisitesidefault/files/towers ponzi scheme complaint.pdf 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bar* Wealth Management 
345 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083839 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230023 
EFTA01383918

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383919.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083840 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230024 
EFTA01383919

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383920.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383920.pdf
----------------------------------------
#Positivelmpact 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083842 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230026 
EFTA01383920

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383921.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383921.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083843 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230027 
EFTA01383921

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383922.pdf
----------------------------------------
if 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083844 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230028 
EFTA01383922

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383923.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230029 
EFTA01383923

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383924.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383924.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
11/15/2018 2:25:28 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20181115 
RM CODE 
82289 
11/14/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
4,378,298.11 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
324,796.81 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
121,541.50 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
221,933.03 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
996,273.03 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
2,187,706.86 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
276,010.83 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
147,203.75 
PLAN D, LLC 
789,557.84 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
239,917.66 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
116,631.92 
NES, LLC 
252,347.66 
LS)E, LLC 
D 
320,779.17 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
1,917,637.77 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
306,250.46 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
265,245.21 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
197,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
2,503,667.84 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
357,901.59 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
1,463,709.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
706,341.71 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
314,403.08 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
M 
268,959.69 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
7,707,707.25 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
1,539,088.69 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
103,385.18 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
10,894,662.23 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
349,623.30 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
2,855,139.83 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,014,599.24 
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,014,846.13 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
2,914,410.06 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
2,643,388.05 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
10,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
2,572,738.89 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
2,624,599.92 
RM CODE 
82289 
11/14/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
13,588,871.59 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
100,638.98 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
100,638.98 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
775,534.78 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083846 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230030 
EFTA01383924

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383925.pdf
----------------------------------------
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 0 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
100,638.98 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
100,440.15 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
O 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
55w 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
sSw 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR C 
250,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
500,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
11/14/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT IF 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
200,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
500,000.00 
500,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
50,000,000.00 
50,000,000.00 
OD AMOUNT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083847 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230031 
EFTA01383925

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383926.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383926.pdf
----------------------------------------
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
C 
25,000,000.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083848 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230032 
EFTA01383926

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383927.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383927.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACCT I 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
RAHUL VAID 
ALI RASHID 
KEYHOLE PARTNER, 
CRW 2007 LLC 
GEW 2007 LLC 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
KWF 2007 LLC 
KWF 2007 LLC 
SSW 2007 LLC 
55W 2007 LLC 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
CRW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
ALI RASHID 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
CAMERON WANEK 
CAMERON WANEK 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
100,638.98 
100,440.15 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
D 
1,750,000.00 
D 
.00 
LLC 
.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
20,000,000.00 
C 
5,000,000.00 
C 
5,000,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
10,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
307,241.55 
C 
1,500,000.00 
C 
101,209.86 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
101,209.86 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
5,060,493.13 
C 
253,024.66 
C 
506,049.31 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
101,209.86 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
1,012,098.63 
GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
253,024.66 
GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
253,024.66 
CODE 
82289 
11/20/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
250,000.00 
253,024.66 
253,024.66 
250,000.00 
2,530,246.56 
1,000,000.00 
101,209.86 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
202,419.73 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
2,530,246.56 
1,000,000.00 
253,024.66 
250,000.00 
506,049.31 
500,000.00 
2,530,246.56 
2,500,000.00 
50,000,000.00 
50,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083850 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230034 
EFTA01383927

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383928.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383928.pdf
----------------------------------------
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
C 
25,000,000.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083851 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00230035 
EFTA01383928

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383929.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383929.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: 
11/30/2018 12:50:54 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
CC: 
Richard larossi 
; Daphne Cales 
Subject: 
RE: Gratitude 
Importance: 
High 
Good Morning Stew, 
Any new updates from Gratitude? 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
I; Mayur Rathod 
Bradley Gitlin 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
- 400063, India 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 9:37 PM 
To: Mayur Rathod 
Cc: Richard 
Bradley Gillin 
; Vijay-A Sawant •c
; Daphne Cales 
Subject: Gratitude 
Client hopes to have an answer on Gratitude by Nov. 15'1". 
Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 10:35 AM 
To: Mayur Rathod 
Cc: Richard larossi 
; Bradley Gillin 
>; Vinita Advani 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP (I) 
Vinita Advani 
; Vinita Advani 
No update on Gratitude. I expect to have one today 
From: Mayur Rathod 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 10:34 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Richard larossi 
>; Bradley Gillin 
Vinita Advani 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083852 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230036 
EFTA01383929

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383930.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Oct 31, 2018, at 9:13 AM, Mayur Rathod < 
> wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Rich, 
Hope all is well. 
Following up on the below email sent by Vijay regarding pending rejection items. 
Do we have any update on the same. 
Thanks & Regards 
<image001.gif> 
Mayur Rathod 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited 
Wealth Management 
Floor 1, Bi, DB Centre Mumbai 
Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon East, Mumbai 400063, India 
Tel.: + 
Email: 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, October 26, 2018 2:37 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
>; Richard larossi < 
>; Alka Babu 
>; Mayur Rathod < 
>; Vinita Advani < 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
For Hyperion LLC and J Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc in rejected KYC 01977699, we require the 
following items mentioned in red fonts — 
(3) Please provide evidence of or a case comment regarding confirmation from the client that the 
information on the KYC is still accurate (i.e. ownership structure, signatories, etc. have not changed). 
The comment must include the name of the person spoken with and date this conversation occurred. 
(The attached internal email does not meet this requirement.) — No material confirmation email was 
attached to the KYC but will not suffice as per AFC. They need evidence of client (person) & date 
+confirming no material changes. 
(4) Operating Agreement for Hyperion Air LLC indicates the company is manager-managed and the initial 
manager was Lawrence Visoski. Is he still manager? Please provide evidence of the current management 
for this entity. — Please provide evidence confirming if Lawrence Visoski is still the initial manager at 
Hyperion Air LLC. We have re-checked the repositories and didn't find anything for this. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083854 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230038 
EFTA01383930

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383931.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383931.pdf
----------------------------------------
(6) Please attach evidence of signing authority (Corporate authorization) for the brokerage account of J. 
Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation In., granting signing auth for Erika Kellerhals. — Will need DB Corporate 
Resolution for this brokerage account# 
(7) Per J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc brokerage account documents, Limited Trading Authority 
granted to Paul Barrett. Please add as party to the KYC with all appropriate documentation and 
research. Please help in getting Limited Trading Authority document for Paul Barrett for this account. 
For Mort Inc covered in rejected KYC Case 01983253, the following is the only pending rejection item - 
1. In addition to the provided source of wealth information, please provide info and narrative as to the 
source of funds that will be deposited into the account. — Please provide info on Jeffrey Epstein's source 
of funds. 
We look forward to the required dots & info. Thanking you in advance for all your help. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
91, DES Centre Mumbai, Nirton Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 11:32 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
>; Richard larossi < 
>; Alka Babu 
Mayur Rathod <SES; 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
We've responded to many of these already. Please list only outstanding items in a single email. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 10:50 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield a> 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
; Richard larossi 
; Alka Babu 
; Mayur Rathod 
; Vinita Advani 
Subject: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083855 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230039 
EFTA01383931

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383932.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383932.pdf
----------------------------------------
As discussed, we are awaiting responses to attached emails. For Plan D, you have mentioned that you 
are reaching out to the client, so just awaiting feedback on that. 
Please note the resolution of above cases will lead to completion of ALL accounts from this relationship 
for 2018. 
For Jockey Club, I will respond in a separate email. 
Let us know if any queries, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
WIC Case Representative 
Deutsche dB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Si, DB Centre Mumbal, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore on East, Mumbal - 400063, India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083856 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230040 
EFTA01383932

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383933.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383933.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield
Sent: 
11/30/2018 10:27:19 AM 
To: 
Emily Craig 
Subject: 
RE: Gratitude [I] 
On 11/15 we were told that they would get us the info. Now they may not be able to. Will know more next week. But I 
agree that we should have on the exclusion list. If you want to send me a draft of the letter, happy to take a look 
Thanks 
From: Emily Craig 
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 9:42 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: RE: Gratitude DJ 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Let's touch base. I marked this Pending Exclusion as you referenced a communication to client if we didn't receive 
details by 11/15 we would need to consider exiting. 
Do you want the letter to formalize this? 
Kind Regards, 
Emily 
/MUMMER 
AY-
uR
R 
Emily Craig 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Dtutichc Bank Scc..wilic\ Inc 
I S oulh Stmcl, Baltimore. SW21202-32'28 
Tel 
Mobile: 
WIA MesmuN ou ownft 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 9:28 AM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Richard larossi 
Subject: RE: Gratitude 
>; Mayur Rathod 
>; Bradle Gillin < 
>; Vinita Advani 
>; Emily Craig < 
Have spoken to both clients (Gratitude and the family office of the donor). I'm not positive that they are both on the 
same page still. Have a follow up call Monday, but I think there is now a chance we don't get the info we need. In which 
case we should discuss next steps. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083857 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00230041 
EFTA01383933

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383934.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 12:51 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Richard larossi 
>; Daphne Cales 
Subject: RE: Gratitude 
Importance: High 
Good Morning Stew, 
Any new updates from Gratitude? 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
>; Mayur Rathod < 
Bradley Gillin < 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
51, 08 Centre Mumbai, NirIon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 9:37 PM 
To: Mayur Rathod < 
Cc: Richard larossi 
>; Vijay-A Sawant 
>; Vinita Advani 
; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Vinita Advani 
>; Daphne Cales 
Subject: Gratitude 
Client hopes to have an answer on Gratitude by Nov. 15th. 
Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 10:35 AM 
To: Mayur Rathod < 
Cc: Richard larossi < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Vinita Advani 
>; Vijay-A Sawant < 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP [II 
No update on Gratitude. I expect to have one today 
From: Mayur Rathod 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 10:34 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083858 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230042 
EFTA01383934

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383935.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383935.pdf
----------------------------------------
(6) Please attach evidence of signing authority (Corporate authorization) for the brokerage account of J. 
Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation In., granting signing auth for Erika Kellerhals.— Will need DB Corporate 
Resolution for this brokerage account# 
(7) Per J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc brokerage account documents, Limited Trading Authority 
granted to Paul Barrett. Please add as party to the KYC with all appropriate documentation and 
research. Please help in getting Limited Trading Authority, document for Paul Barrett for this account 
For Mort Inc covered in rejected KYC Case 01983253 the following is the only pending rejection item - 
1. In addition to the provided source of wealth information, please provide info and narrative as to the 
source of funds that will be deposited into the account. — Please provide info on Jeffrey Epstein's source 
of funds. 
We look forward to the required docs & info. Thanking you in advance for all your help. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche O8 Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, NirIon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 11:32 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant
Nal 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
; Richard larossi sc
.; Alka Babu 
; Mayur Rathod s 
 Vinita Advani <a•
u Jec : 
: en ing responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
We've responded to many of these already. Please list only outstanding items in a single email. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 10:50 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Bradley Gillin ce; 
Richard larossi 
Alka Babu 
Mayur Rathod alle; 
Vinita Advani 
Subject: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083861 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230045 
EFTA01383935

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383936.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383936.pdf
----------------------------------------
As discussed, we are awaiting responses to attached emails. For Plan D, you have mentioned that you 
are reaching out to the client, so just awaiting feedback on that. 
Please note the resolution of above cases will lead to completion of ALL accounts from this relationship 
for 2018. 
For Jockey Club, I will respond in a separate email. 
Let us know if any queries, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche O8 Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
81, D8 Centre Mumbai, NirIon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore aon East, Mumbai - 400063 , India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083862 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230046 
EFTA01383936

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383937.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383937.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Kimberly Hart 
Sent: 
12/3/2018 11:09:38 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield I 
CC: 
Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: 
RE: Butterfly Trust - new KCP brokerage ICI 
Classification: Confidential 
Tomorrow I am free from 8:30-9, 9-9:30 and 11. 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 14'" floor, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobil 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Monday, December 03, 2018 11:04 AM 
To: Kimberly Hart < 
Cc: Andrew Gallivan < 
Subject: RE: Butterfly Trust - new KCP brokerage [CI 
Sure, happy to. Any preferences for date/time? 
From: Kimberly Hart 
Sent: Monday, December 03, 2018 10:42 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: RE: Butterfly Trust - new KCP brokerage [CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Can you set-up a meeting for you, me and Andrew to discuss? There has been negative press over the past couple of 
days which I think that we need to review and determine if we still feel comfortable not only maintaining but continuing 
to expand this relationship. I think that this may warrant a CAF to ensure that everyone is on the same page. 
https://www.miamiherald.com/news/local/news-columns-blogs/from-the-editor/article222497180.html 
I also still think that we need greater clarity regarding the Butterfly Trust beneficiaries. For example, the below article 
references 
and 
who are also beneficiaries of the Butterfly 
Trust. What do th 
do for leffre E stein? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0083863 
SDNY_GM_00230047 
EFTA01383937

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383938.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 141" floor, New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Monday, November 26, 2018 5:20 PM 
To: Kimberly Hart 
Subject: FW: Butterfly Trust - new KCP brokerage 
Just called you to chat about this. Can give you color on the reason behind the need for yet another email on this topic. 
Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Monday, November 26, 2018 5:05 PM 
To: Kimberly Hart 
Cc: Daniel-E Kaiser 
Subject: Butterfly Trust - new KCP brokerage 
Kim, 
Please confirm that we can now move ahead and open a new KCP brokerage account for Butterfly Trust. We've cleared 
the lawsuit/negative media that was flagged for Epstein. We have existing banking (but not brokerage) accounts. And 
we finished the annual KYC remediation in September, which included an ID of all beneficiaries and KYC update for the 
trustees. As far as I know, this is all we needed to do to move forward with a new account for an existing client. 
Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bath Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083864 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230048 
EFTA01383938

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383939.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383939.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083865 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230049 
EFTA01383939

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383940.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383940.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rich, 
The indication on the 2,500m COFP 4.407 08/06/19 is 101.25. 
Thank you, 
Liam 
mage001.gif> 
Liam O'Sullivan 
Investments & Trading Institutional Wealth Partners 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York, NY 10154.0001, USA 
Visit us: http::telcutschavealth.com. 
<image003.gif> 
IWP products and services we intended for and available only to sophisticated, experienced investors who quality as 
Institutional accounts' under FINRA Rule 4514c)(3), and are capable of evaluating the investment benefits and risks of, 
and exercising independent judgment in evaluating and determining whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies 
and financial transactions. Transactions we subject to relevant internal approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to 
execution. and no transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be executed unless you are a chent of Deutsche 
Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group (IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products, investment ideas and solutions is for discussion purposes only. While brokerage 
services offered through the IWP America desk may include investment recommendations and brokerage advice, IWP 
does not provide investment management or investment advisory services. and private market opportunities and other 
products and services available through IWP are offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you, solely for your information and for discussion purposes only. and 
does not create any legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any material herein without our written 
consent is strictly forbidden. 
From: Richard Kahn Imailt 
Sent: Thursday, February 07, 2019 8:49 AM 
To: Liam Osullivan 
Cc: Stewart Oldfielci 
Subject: Fwd: SF OTC trade on the books 
can you please show us market where this bond can be sold 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SONY-0083868 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00230052 
EFTA01383940

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383941.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383941.pdf
----------------------------------------
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Stewart Oldfield ‹
> 
Subject: SF OTC trade on the books 
Date: February 6, 2019 at 12:10:25 PM EST 
To: Richard Kahn <II
> 
Rich, 
Please see below. You have one outstanding OTC position on, which should be 
straightforward to unwind. Note that it is hedging a bond you own. Thanks 
From: Davide-A Sferrazza 
Sent: Wednesday, February 06, 2019 12:05 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Southern Financial OTC trade on the books 
Stew, 
Southern Financial LLC (account 
08/06/19: 
) holds EUR 2.5mm face of COFP 4.407 
TRADE DATE 
QUANTITY 
DESCRIPTION 
CUSIP 
MARKET 
PRICE 
(POSITION 
CCY) 
POSITION 
VALUE 
(POSITION 
CCY) 
FX 
RATE 
(TO 
USDE) 
POSITION 
VALUE 
(USDE) 
TYPE 
2,500,000.0000 
CASINO, GUICHARD-PERRACHON 
SA ISIN#FR0011301480 4.407% 
08/06/19 REG DTD 08/03/12 N/C 
F1413LCN4 
99.6200 
., 400,500 00 
1.14070 
.',1`.10.9 I =15 
CORPORATE 
We executed a EURUSD forward (v/d 06 Aug 19) that is still on the books. MtM is $87k 
in favor of client, per latest valuation statement: 
<irnage004.jpg> 
Southern Financial LLC (account
) holds 100k shares of AAPL and some cash 
from dividends as collateral for OTC trades: 
TRADE 
DATE 
QUANTITY 
SYMBOL 
DESCRIPTION 
CUSIP 
MARKET 
PRICE 
(POSITION 
CCY) 
POSITION 
VALUE 
(POSITION 
CCY) 
FX RATE 
(TO USDE) 
POSITION 
VALUE 
(USDE) 
TYF
100,000.0000 
73,091.3300 
AAPL 
DMA 
APPLE INC 
COM 
INSURED 
037833100 
PER980411 
175.4600 
1.0000 
! ; 5.46,000.00 
73,091.33 
1.00000 
1.00000 
17,540000.00 
73.091.33 
EQI.
MO
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230053 
DB-SDNY-0083869 
EFTA01383941

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383942.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383942.pdf
----------------------------------------
I
I DEPOSITS 
I PROGRAM 
I FUN
Client would need to unwind the FX hedge, at which point we could consolidate the 
Southern Financial LLC assets (i.e. move assets from the collateral account to the main 
trading account). 
Regards. 
Davide 
<image00 I .gif> 
Davide Sferrana 
Associate Investments ct Trading Institutional Wealth Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park A% elm. 24th Floor 
I • 
Visit us: hilpfideutschewealth.com 
-image( )03.gi 
IWP products and services are intended for and available only to sophisticated, experienced investors 
who quality as Institutional accounts' under FINRA Rule 4512(cX3), and are capable of evaluating the 
investment benefits and risks of. and exercising independent judgment in evaluating and determining 
whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies and financial transactions. Transactions are 
subject to relevant internal approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to execution, and no 
transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be executed unless you are a client of Deutsche 
Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group (IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products, investment ideas and solutions is for discussion purposes 
only. While brokerage services offered through the IWP Americas desk may include investment 
recommendations and brokerage advice, IWP does not provide investment management or investment 
advisory services, and private market opportunities and other products and services available through 
IWP are offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you, solely for your information and for discussion 
purposes only, and does not create any legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any 
material herein without our written consent is strictly forbidden. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083870 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230054 
EFTA01383942

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383943.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383943.pdf
----------------------------------------
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083871 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230055 
EFTA01383943

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383944.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383944.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
2/11/2019 9:43:11 AM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Automatic reply: Roods to sell 
I will be out of the office through Friday Feb. 22nd, but should have fairly regular access to email. 
For immediate assistance, please contact Brad Gillin I 
or Monica Gilkinson 
Thanks 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083872 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230056 
EFTA01383944

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383945.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
dwhpbdw-batch@db.com Idwhpbdw-batch@db.com] 
Sent: 
2/13/2019 1:34:54 AM 
To: 
RM0082289@list.db.com 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20190213 
RM CODE 
82289 
02/12/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
7,989,928.70 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
238,000.00 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
2,714,626.09 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
1,066,723.68 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
3,377,605.03 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
1,030,537.42 
INCOMPASS SOLUTIONS INC 
D 
127,491.50 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
11,715,363.91 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
354,434.00 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
249,347.94 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
562,976.42 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
348,139.06 
NES, LLC 
D 
408,961.82 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
343,904.94 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
.00 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
516,104.68 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
333,918.08 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
497,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
RM CODE 
82289 
02/12/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
161,647.38 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083873 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230057 
EFTA01383945

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383946.pdf
----------------------------------------
44129244 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
3,566,274.09 
44130552 BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
207,419.85 
44133251 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
.00 
44139397 KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
M 
.00 
77000949 THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
77000957 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
77000965 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
77000981 TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
2,449,426.08 
77001001 55W 2007 LLC 
D 
1,636,225.34 
77001028 KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
3,405,449.38 
77001052 CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
252,545.58 
77001060 GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
252,793.96 
77001079 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
251,128.59 
77001087 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
2,188,460.25 
77001124 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
1,552,936.45 
77001220 CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
1,587,297.96 
77001239 GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
1,639,472.48 
77004659 THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
12,100,735.34 
77004958 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
1,355,260.15 
77004974 CAMERON WANEK 
D 
207,791.39 
77005002 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
153,838.26 
77005010 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
153,838.26 
77005037 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
153,838.26 
77005045 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
255,623.39 
77005141 KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
255,623.39 
77005184 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
153,838.26 
77005192 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
408,072.24 
77005248 RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
255,623.39 
77005360 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
1,222,872.37 
77006320 RAHUL VAID 
D 
1,758,172.13 
77006339 ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
77006347 KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
351,539.95 
77006435 THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
2,007,030.56 
77006451 ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,386,436.73 
77006515 ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006531 MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
77006603 LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
77006662 MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006670 MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006689 SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006697 SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006718 SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006726 SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006734 SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006742 SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006750 SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006769 SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
02/12/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
77006777 VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006785 VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006793 SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006806 SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006814 MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006822 MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
88006940 CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88006940 CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88006940 CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88006959 GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88006959 GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88006959 GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
5,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083874 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230058 
EFTA01383946

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383947.pdf
----------------------------------------
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
ssw 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
314,658.33 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
02/12/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 4 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT $ FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT $ FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083875 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230059 
EFTA01383947

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383948.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACCT 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
CODE 
82289 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
100,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR
C 
100,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
02/12/19 
MARA WAGNER 
C 
.00 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
AMOUNT 
LEAH KUBIS 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
C 
.00 
C 
500,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083876 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230060 
EFTA01383948

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383949.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Darren Indyke (via Dropbox) 
2/14/2019 9:22:14 AM 
Darren Indyke shared "Invioce Document.pdr with you 
Hi there. 
Darren Indyke 
) invited you to view the file "Invioce 
Document.pdf' on Dropbox. 
\icy. lift-
Enjoy! 
The Dropbox team 
Darren and others will be able to see when you view this file. Other files 
shared with you through Dropbox may also show this info. Learn more in 
our help center. 
Rvixot to I)ropbox 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083877 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230061 
EFTA01383949

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383950.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383950.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
3/5/2019 1:39:58 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20190305 
RM CODE 
82289 
03/04/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
4,584,262.32 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
238,000.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
856,916.37 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
811,303.18 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
1,457,570.70 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
24,564,037.98 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
333,959.18 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
749,347.94 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
410,936.42 
JEGE, LLC 
534,182.15 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
.00 
NES, LLC 
285,448.13 
)SC INTERIORS LLC 
.00 
LS)E, LLC 
D 
282,893.78 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
.00 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
344,180.23 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
247,918.14 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
497,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
255,470.89 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
2,858,177.16 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
207,577.85 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
M 
500,435.62 
CODE 
82289 
03/04/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
THE HAZE TRUST 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
305,198.96 
ssw 2007 LLC 
D 
639,363.31 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083879 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230063 
EFTA01383950

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383951.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383951.pdf
----------------------------------------
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
2,411,980.38 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
253,166.90 
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
253,415.75 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
251,747.20
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
1,192,657.30 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
305,914.69 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
590,342.10 
GEw 2009 LLC 
D 
642,616.68 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
12,121,318.85 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
103,677.02 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
103,677.02 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
357,859.28 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
183,189.90 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
154,133.29 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
154,133.29 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
154,133.29 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
256,113.63 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
103,677.02 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
105,159.47 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
256,113.63 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
154,133.29 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
408,854.85 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
256,113.63 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
2,416,564.10 
RAHUL VAID 
1,761,274.22 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
352,214.14 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
2,010,879.66 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,158,959.35 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
03/04/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,000,000.00 
TODD R. AMC KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
5,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083880 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230064 
EFTA01383951

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383952.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383952.pdf
----------------------------------------
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007046 SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007046 SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007046 55W 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007046 SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
88007214 NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
88011192 ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
88011192 ALI RASHID 
C 
314,658.33 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
03/04/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
88011336 TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
88011336 TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
88011336 TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
88011344 SHARI WAGNER 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88011344 SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011344 SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011344 SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011344 SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011352 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
88011352 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
100,000.00 
88011360 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
88011360 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
100,000.00 
88011387 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
88011387 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
100,000.00 
88011395 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011395 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011395 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011395 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011395 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011408 ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
88011408 ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
88011408 ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
88011408 ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
88011408 ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083881 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230065 
EFTA01383952

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383953.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383953.pdf
----------------------------------------
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
100,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
03/04/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
MARA WAGNER 
LEAH KUBIS 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
100,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
C 
50,000,000.00 
C 
50,000,000.00 
C 
50,000,000.00 
C 
25,000,000.00 
C 
.00 
C 
.00 
C 
500,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083882 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230066 
EFTA01383953

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383954.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383954.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Liam Osullivan 
Sent: 
3/8/2019 10:02:28 AM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield I 
Subject: 
RE: Auto Generated Margin Statement from DEUTSCHE BANK AG to SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC_20190305 [Cj 
Attachments: WM1810148_MRG019594_Authorization_for_Asset_Movement_For_Non-Retirement_....pdf 
Classification: Confidential 
From: Richard Kahn [rnailto
] 
Sent: Friday, March 08, 2019 9:57 AM 
To: Liam Osullivan < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Re: Auto Generated Margin Statement from DEUTSCHE BANK AG to SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC_20190305 ICI 
lets do that delivery from you 
please call me to review since they are a bit confused.. 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
FII3RK Associates Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell M
I
On Mar 8, 2019, at 9:55 AM, Liam Osullivan < 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Rich, 
IB did not send back the corrected request. The latest request was rejected. They will need to re-
submit with the correct tax id. 
We could also process a free delivery and wire with signed instructions. 
Thank you, 
Liam 
:iinagc(i01 gii> 
Liam O'Sullivan 
Investments It Trading Institutional Wealth Partners 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083883 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230067 
EFTA01383954

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383955.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383955.pdf
----------------------------------------
UB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York, NY 10154-0004, USA 
Visit us: htm.ildeutschewealth.com. 
<image002.gif> 
IWP products and services we intended for and available only to sophisticated, experienced investors who qualify as 
Institutional accounts' under FINRA Rule 4512(c)(3). and are capable of evaluating the investment benefits and risks of, 
and exercising independent judgment in evaluating aid determining whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies 
and financial transactions. Transactions we subject to relevant internal approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to 
execution, and no transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be executed unless you are a client of Deutsche 
Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group (IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products. investment ideas and solutions is for discussion purposes only. While brokerage 
services offered through the IWP America desk may include investment recommendations and brokerage advice. IWP 
does not provide investment management or investment advisory services, and private market opportunities and other 
products and services available through IWP are offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you, solely for your information and for ckscussion purposes only, and 
does not create any legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any material herein without our written 
consent is strictly forbidden. 
From: Liam Osullivan 
Sent: Thursday, March 07, 2019 2:57 PM 
To: 'Richard Kahn' < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Auto Generated Margin Statement from DEUTSCHE BANK AG to SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, 
LLC_20190305 ICI 
Classification: Conflderdial 
We are waiting for IB to send back a corrected request. Our transfer department reached out to IB with 
what they needed. It may help if you push the people at IB. 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Thursday, March 07, 2019 2:18 PM 
To: Liam Osullivan 
Cc: Stewart Oldfiel 
Subject: Re: Auto Generated Margin Statement from DEUTSCHE BANK AG to SOUTHERN FINANCIAL 
LLC_20190305 ICj 
any updates 
please advise 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
01111111111111111 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083884 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230068 
EFTA01383955

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383956.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383956.pdf
----------------------------------------
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 917-414-7584 
On Mar 6, 2019, at 6:00 PM, Liam Osullivan a 
wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Rich, 
It looks like the transfer request came in today but will be rejected again for Tax ID 
mismatch. I will know more tomorrow. 
Thanks 
Liam 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Wednesday, March 06, 2019 9:22 AM 
To: Liam Osullivan 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: Auto Generated Margin Statement from DEUTSCHE BANK AG to SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL, LLC_2019030S ICI 
ok 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
On Mar 6, 2019, at 9:19 AM, Liam Osullivan 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Good morning, 
We will work on have the margin statements turned off. 
We have not received the request from IB yet. 
Thank you, 
Liam 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083885 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00230069 
EFTA01383956

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383957.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383957.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083888 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230072 
EFTA01383957

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383958.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383958.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
I 
Authorization for Asset Movement For Non-Retirement Accounts 
'The undersigned hereby atitherizes and directs Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (DBSI) to follow the below asset movement instructions. 
Account Nurritip 
DEISI Account Name 
Wire 
Wire federal funds in the amount of $ 
To Bank Name:   
City/State: 
ABA IL 
Further credit to Intermediary Financial Institution (Optional) 
Account 14:  
Name: 
Ultimate Beneficiary Information: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Account a: 
Additional Instructions: 
Check 
Issue a check in the amount of S 
Recipient's Name: 
Recipients Malting Address: 
payable to: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Journal 
Li Journal Funds in the amount of $  
[ 1 Journal Holdings: 
Qty/Symbol/Security 
ply/Symbol/Security: 
Journal All Holdings 
To OBSI Account a: 
Account Name: 
Free Deliveries 
...) Please deliver the securities indicated below to: 
DTCC/I: 
Name of Receiving Finn: 
Account Name: 
Account Number 
.- • !reap ..19 Firm 
Qty/Symbol/Security: 224,000 / AAPL I Apple Inc Corn 
Qty/Symbol/Security: 
QtY/Symbol/Security-
Standing Authorization: Checking both boxes a€lows you to verbally vary instructions set forth in box A. 
A The undersigned hereby requests that this authorization act as a Standing Authorization. The undersigned understands and agrees 
that this authorization will remain in effect until 0851 requests a new authorization or DBSI receives notice of the revocation of these 
instructions. The undersigned authorizes DBSI to issue the wire check or journal on the 
clay of 
untii otherwise instructed. This authorization will expire after 15 months of non-use. 
B The undersigned further authorizes DBSI to accept verbal or electronic instructions from the undersigned to wire funds, issue checks 
or journal funds to/from the above listed account(s). The undersigned will provide verbal or electronic instructions as to the date and 
the amount of the wire, cheek or joumal. PLEASE NOTE: The undersigned understands and agrees to campy with the procedures of 
()BSI to verify the authorization and accuracy of verbal or electronic instructions. 
The undersigned hereby acknowler.lgas that (i) the information contained in this form iscompleteand oozy-ate to the best knowledge of the 
undersigned; and (i) the undersigned is responsible for the method of trensrnissfon of any instructions issued pursuant to this authorization. If the 
undersigned elects to transmit any such instructions via fax (including desktop fax), via email or as an image attachment to email (e.g, as a POETIC: 
or other image of such instructions), the undersigned understands and agrees that the undersigned beats the risk of lops arising from such method 
of transmission in the event of transmission errors. rdsunderstandirige impersonations, transmission by feta:the-Sri persons, forgery or intercepts. 
The undersigned hereby releases and holds harmless DB.& from and against loss from any action, eta:minor demand of any person ass result of DEKSI's 
receipt of or compliance with this authorizat:on and/or any instructkris that may be given to DBSI pursuant to this authorization (includ€ng any standing 
authorization). For trusts or other entities or agents acting on behalf of Client, the undersigned adueraredges that the underpinned is authorized on 
bc-hail of Client to enter int& 
autnorization and issue the instructions under the terms of the governing clocumenz.and any applicable laws. 
The undersigned understands that 0851 may but Is not required to. seek verification of the undersigned's Instructions by call back and that 
DBSI may in its see discretion refuse to execute such instructions (including standing instructions) given pursuant to this authorization, 
without incurring any liability. if 0651 has reason to believe such Instructions (or standing instructions) have not been provided by the 
undersigned. The undersigned understands that DBSI retains the right to refuse to execute any Instructions to transfer funds or securities 
to any account(s) pursuant to this authorization without written instructions bearing original signature(s) of the undersigned. Further, the 
undersigned acknowledges that 0651 shall be entitled to rely on the authorization until actual receipt by DBSI of notice of: (i) Client's or the 
undersigned's revocation of the instructions or (il) the death or legal incapacity of Client (if Client is a natural person) or the undersigned. 
Sionahwe 
Prim alarre 
Date 
Signature 
Print Name 
2010 Deutsche Barn AC. All rights reserved. WM1810148 019594.10MS 
Date 
Mu-
SQ 
i
s 
Ca 
!O 
=MI 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083889 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230073 
EFTA01383958

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383959.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383959.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Darren Indyke 
Sent: 
3/18/2019 7:40:13 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
CC: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
letter 
Stewart, 
Any word on the letter. I am being asked to have it by today. Please advise. Thanks. 
Darren. 
Sent from my iphone. Please excuse the typos. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083890 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230074 
EFTA01383959

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383960.pdf
----------------------------------------
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue New York, NY, 10154 
Tel. 
Fax. 
Email: 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Monday, March 18, 2019 3:09 PM 
To: Firdaus Madiar < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Cc: Nicole Perskawiec < 
Subject: RE: Can you PLEASE help? [I] 
Classification: For 'Memel use only 
Signature matches. Please call her on 
>; Brigid Macias < 
>; Daphne Cales 
From: Firdaus Madiar 
Sent: Monday, March 18, 2019 2:42 PM 
To: Bradley Gillin < 
Cc: Nicole Perskawiec < 
>; Brigid Macias < 
>; Daphne Cales < 
Subject: RE: Can you PLEASE help? [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Brad, 
>; Stewart Oldfield 
May you please, confirm the signer and their U. We need to do a call back to process the following. Thank you. 
Kind regards, 
Firdaus Madiar 
Firdaus Madiar 
Assistant Vice President! Assistant Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Wealth Management 
345 P 
York, NY. 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083893 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230077 
EFTA01383960

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383961.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383961.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brigid Macias 
Sent: Monday, March 18, 2019 2:33 PM 
To: Firdaus Madiar 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin
Subject: Can you PLEASE help? 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bar* Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bart Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
From: Bella Klein 
Sent: Monday, March 18, 2019 2:29 PM 
To: Brigid Macias 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Richard Kahn 
Darren Indyke 
Subject: The 2017 Caterpillar Trust 2 accounts 
Brigid, 
Please close The 2017 Caterpillar Trust account 42nd 
Signed letter with instructions 
attached. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083894 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230078 
EFTA01383961

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383962.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383962.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
4/2/2019 7:33:31 PM 
To: 
Natalie Barak 
CC: 
Brigid Macias 
Subject: 
Re: returned funds to Caterpillar 
Ok. I remediated most of these last year. I land at 1:30pm tmw. Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
0154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Apr 3, 2019, at 1:10 AM, Natalie Barak 
wrote: 
We should escalate. Let's discuss tomorrow 
Natalie Barak 
On Apr 2, 2019, at 6:06 PM, Stewart Oldfield <
III=> 
wrote: 
No. Doesn't work. Although, we may have done it just last year. Double check. 
This is being done to exit the relationship. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 212 454-2881 
Mobile 917 209-0686 
Emai 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Apr 2, 2019, at 11:07 PM, Brigid Macias 
Hi, 
Please see below. 
We are now being asked to process an updated KYC to re-open this 
account. 
wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083896 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00230080 
EFTA01383962

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383963.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383963.pdf
----------------------------------------
Suggestions? 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
<image004.png> 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant We President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Sunil-F Kumar 
Sent: Tuesday, April 02, 2019 5:03 PM 
To: Brigid Macias •M 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: returned funds to Caterpillar 
Hi Brigid, 
; Natalie Barak 
In the review stage we identified that approved KYC for the client is not 
valid as, this KY0401898372 was valid till 13th Feb 2019 as this is a high 
risk client. 
Please provide a valid KYC in order to approve this request. 
Kind regards, 
Sunil Kumar 
_inlage001 prig> 
PWM US Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
A-1 & A-2. Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park. Inside Mahndra World City - SEZ. 302023 
Jaipur. India 
Please send all the PWM AOG- COB mail related Queires to our 
new Group E-mail ID 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083897 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230081 
EFTA01383963

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383964.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Ruchi Lohani 
Sent: Friday, March 29, 2019 4:27 PM 
To: Brigid Macias
Cc: Bradley Gitlin 
Natalie Barak 
Subject: RE: returned funds to Caterpillar 
Hi Brigid, 
We would need client letter confirmation as the account is closed by 
customer request. 
Kind regards, 
Ruchi Lohani 
<image003 png> 
Ruchi Lohani 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
A-1 & A-2. Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park. Inside Mahindra World City - SEZ. 302029 
Please send all the PWM AOG- COB related Queires to our new 
Group E-mail ID 
From: Brigid Macias 
Sent: Saturday, March 30, 2019 1:26 AM 
To: 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Natalie Barak 
Subject: FW: returned funds to Caterpillar 
Good Afternoon, 
RE: 
42969987 - THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083899 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230083 
EFTA01383964

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383965.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383965.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Mar 29, 2019, at >:17 PM, 
Natalie Barak 
• wrote: 
Hi Bella 
The first step is to 
credit the returned 
funds to an existing 
account. Can you let 
me know which one? 
Step two will be to 
initiate another 
wire. Kindly provide a 
signed letter of 
instruction and be 
sure to make note of 
the debit account 
number and dollar 
amount. 
Please let me know if 
you have any 
questions. 
Natalie Barak 
On Mar 29, 2019, at 
3:08 PM, Bella Klein 
Er wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083901 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230085 
EFTA01383965

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383966.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383966.pdf
----------------------------------------
Natalie, 
As Trustee of 
The 2013 
Butterfly 
Trust I would 
like to send 
this money to 
HBRK 
Associates 
for 
accounting 
fees. Wire 
instructions 
below: 
Bank 
Name: TD 
Bank 
Routing 
No: 
Account 
Name: HBRK 
Associates Inc 
Account 
No: 
IM 
Thank you, 
Bella 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083902 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230086 
EFTA01383966

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383967.pdf
----------------------------------------
funds 
to a 
differen 
t 
account 
. What' 
s the 
best 
one to 
use? T 
hanks 
<imag 
e003 .p 
ng> 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
, CFA, 
CAIA 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Trust 
Company 
Americas 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Wealth 
Managem 
ent 
345 Park 
Avenue. 
New 
York. NY 
10154 
Tel. 212 
454-2881 
Mobile 
917 209-
0686 
FJna 
Securities 
offered 
through 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Securities 
Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083906 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230090 
EFTA01383967

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0051__EFTA01383968.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0051
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01383968.pdf
----------------------------------------
This 
comm 
unicati 
on 
may 
contai 
confid 
ential 
and/or 
privile 
ged 
inform 
ation. 
If you 
are 
not 
the 
intend 
ed 
recipie 
nt (or 
have 
receiv 
ed this 
comm 
unicati 
on in 
error) 
please 
notify 
the 
sende 
r 
imme 
diately 
and 
destro 
y this 
comm 
unicati 
on. 
Any 
unaut 
horize 
d 
copyin 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0083907 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00230091 
EFTA01383968
