
--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353969.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY °WORT UN! 1IES IV (U.S.). L.P. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
Presertemon Further. :Ma 
in the Access Fun" cral direr Terre IC,Ver returns than matins critnitteng Orris 
to the Underlying Fists as a result of the esker -el fees and 
copenes assocrecl witn an 'mestere in the Access Fred riot fird careened neren Mould bederma to le orriction or project:xi of future peditreeme of the Underlyirra 
Fund or the Access Fund 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do nod include any fees and ripen:sea that would be eedOCitted withal investment in the Acres Fund. which would hove the effect 
of lowering the net returns experienced by an Investor. 
Bench-harks ard Nereid' irides are shown 
F;ttrath* outisoles only aril ate prandsked far the purpose of making dermal market data available as a port of ro(ererce orig. 
sru turieirwaga art financial 
may hot bi 0,1,444 rat id, eel ewassiwri. may be unmanaged. assume dime seinen of trna)ine. C.) not reflect the impact of ally ;redid 
ccenniestris and enstn. menngerment Cw peen). n nice fees. and have limentons %Men sired for comparison or other ragilO5/1 because they, among Cam reasons. may have 
didererr trading strategy. waSetnly cremator c11
 mouth & renecteintios 
resurnentabor is made tnst mi tneechnsark or eclea nen daemon-re ineasue for comµeisin. 
Akerriatfie rriermonts often are sordatne rid ;mitre a high degree of rid,  treston court lase all or e substentol amount of their treatment. Agar eerie :vestments are 
actable orgy for Mode. dint 
investors who alll willing to forgo haughty next ran capital ce ink for an indolence Dried of lime They may be higly illiceef ant can reap: in 
'onta'tre and other spetviene DiaCtiCeS that May increase the VCCobi:ty and ':5? 
?MS. fatarlataart !fritterer' ," ricscally hem M
ird fees Mr, beirtione inn-meets. investors 
snarled carefully renew anti consider DOteriaal inks before inve5ting Contain ot thee. nil's may include but are rat Ihmhted to 
• Lost of near, I.itStanbal Dorton of thrt mem melt can to iihnknging_ SPOlt-lelling, x neer speculate prix trek 
• 
Lack of ligudty 
that there may ben" secondary wider for a hand 
• 
Voletility acetate. 
• 
Restrictions on transferred intecrite sis a said 
• 
Potential its:k fA dirersiliCatkan and raiding nigher nsk Cke to Oorcenbert son of beard OuthatilY wren a sung? enf•naa is kthige-3; AbseaCe of infrmilatinri *WOWS 
ValiatiOm int poCing: 
• 
Comdr to,, structure-sand drays in 'or reported': 
• 
Less rechitetkm and !with, fees than mutual funds: end 
• R sks associated with nie ograbons. pert cruel end prorates of the mere!. 
Purchaser: of Interests will be tinged garter: in the Access Fund and will not be limited peg Ur: of the Underlying Fund wet her no direct interest in the Underlying Find wet 
new. no ‘.Oting rights in the Undid Nine Funded wit have 
sts.rsrgc itahele ejahlt the IA-deifying Fund or theigemeral Partner✓ Manager of Lae Underlying Roder Mee 
respective offs:ed. directors. members, Panoi05. sherehoickes or employees. auras or affiliates to and offices drectar, member, partner, strettolder. fenagree w agent Of any 
etch athlete) In. offering ist rmgefrt n not. air sande not be considered an off (*nog of Inwood panne meters in inn Uncle, tang Furwi. Morc.wer. none at Me Amens Foul. 
the General Partner of the Access Fund Or any of new remora 
affiliates ters 114 night to pertscrate in the control, management Cr ostrattiris of the delefferd Furd rtc haS 
ar t  chew de eve the menewneni M vie mirror.; 
gird eon-. the Access Frei art me tench lying Funo Impose artninistratie or menegarrent itptc. cust,x1,,s! te:,th,flong 
andother sente fees, bodement° seri:dem ender's, meanies that will reduce returns. Returns <oft:trod permed r the Access Fund will be tower men 0,74.11 Main a . ,TC.t 
nennitnt in the Undecided Fund, !Comte Athisors. LLE. a eraclidy of institutional Crated Network 
;ti/bia iCarmai Neter Id is an irrentreent attend reentered with 
tee ti.S. Senior 'es and Eccisarge cc anti .4% ('SEC') The reef Motions and a'acahkishioi ahem tm rd way imply that Me SEC hal endorsed he *Men. greet rt or inviter 
discussed refer Acklitteel Information d athletes upon request 
iCapital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038561 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184745 
EFTA01353969

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353970.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower 
Capital 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Offering 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 1P1 ("SOF IV" or the "Fund") is 
being formed by Glendower Capital ("GC"): 
• An independent secondary manager spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management in August 2017 
• fully owned by its partners who worked together for IS years 
• Established 23-strong team with US$3 billion in total client assets and offices in London arc New York 
Glendower's mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
• Strung buyout:like performance with an attractive risk profile. earn/ cash flows, arw negligible loss ratio 
• Mature program at 1.7x TVPI and >20% Net IRR and overall program at 1.5x TVPI and 23% Net IRR.' 
SOF IV will continue the successful secondary strategy pursued since 2006: 
• Aiming to build a globally C iversif led portfolio of seasoned funds, GP-led transactions anc 
co-investments on the secondary market 
• Value creation through in-cepth fundamental analysis as opposec to creel structuring 
• Seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior lune 
Strong and consistent track record?
lar.1 
fdeveJorwriJ,“ 
Further 
liar-acts:oh rcoc%ciarparin't 
her roultyle (TWO 
651libuta0(DPII 
Net IRR 
Pea re: car tnla.k.dc.a, 
so, 
2006 
thoretscrtgj 
US5S65r 
211 154/ :.774 
lax 
lax 
22% 
SCf D' 
2010 
(hancatmpl 
I.S$14/n 
SC, a 
SCI III 
14,21 
/011 
7014 
(niverg) 
(tarry star) 
055614m 
1451.654r 
/9/ 75/ 737 
15/149/2.837 
1.h 
20% 
76% 
51% 
42% 
13x 
0.3x 
30% 
44% 
Consistent top returns among peers: 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' seconda ry funds performancemg
secohda, %rah hetIRR., t. ... j . 
J 
C.“14,Thefuncf Nee abaft.* to Mated partnet0 
OX 
WO. 
MD 
3,3 
• 
Y!. 
VNi 
I 
2 
I 
• 
• ; 
0, 
,• 
Is 
:3 
IN6P•1 
O.- 
,W. 
MR•lf 
tr. II. 
09. 
23% 
Woo 
01•6). 
cf,x...etorit rt,”(Y1:5',te rOi rec. re Icrento: Mvem,;+: 
f 
Th,s 
;.Yr.‘ ) 
;lie, rX
.6;0y 0:ay 4. :•it.)..0. 7:%aae 
(.1`Sa
're7. te.?!/' 
P,..c.e 
;.ir- 
t' • 
fl ..:41'• 
./4ftitATUIVO:: Pa{t performance $ not un 
Fund key terms10
Target size: 
US$1.75 billion 
Currency: 
US$ 
Investment Period: 
years Iron., final closing 
Term: 
years - extensions (5xlyear; 
Structure: 
English l..P. 
General partner share: 
• 1.25% p.a. of con, rnitrren:s during 
Investment Period 
• 1.00% p.a. of Invested Capital1l in 
the following two years 
• 'hereafter greater of 90% of 
previous year and 0.25% of 
Invested Capital 
Carded Interest: 
12.S% or a whole fund basis 
Hurdle rate: 
Team commitment: 
MM 1% of total fund sire 
Contacts: 
Caro Pirrio-E;roli 
Managirg Partner & CEO 
4.44.2C-3947-7CC1 
carlo.oirzio.birotifaelendowercaoital.corn 
Smitn 
Managing Partner & CIO 
444.2C-3947.70C2 
charges setthfioglendowercaoital con"( 
Joshua C Laser 
Partner. Client Relaticrs 
+1-212-653.8402 
josh.glaserreklendowercanita:.coni
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038562 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184746 
EFTA01353970

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353971.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP. 
Distinctive investment strategy" 
Glendower will target globally, but primarily in the US and Europe, three types of investment: 
• Fund Secondaries. the purchase of LP interests in existing private ad uity funds; 
• GP-led Secondaries which can often involve greater complexity than traditional Fund Secondanes, and incluCe spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, 
asset heLicaLions, and LP tenders; and 
• Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at the time of the originalacquisition, or tater from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
Glendower's portfolio construction follows an opportunistic barbell approach adjusted to market cycles by dialing up: 
• Discounted Fund Secondaries during market corrections(58% of transactions since inception) 
• Less competitive GP-led Secondaries and off-market Co-investments during normalized market conditions(43% of transactions since inception) 
Identify kw compegthe dials 
• ti5$40maveragedeal size 
• Smaller uS55.100n turd ponfolos 
• Mod sue USS103-250mGP led deals 
Focus on effident portfolio 
construction 
• No leverage at transaction level and limited at 
ponfaolevel 
• sledging to mitigate SO.60%of currency 
volatihty 
• Portfolio diversified across a 35 deals to seek 
to mitigate90%• of nonmarketriska 
Pursue a Swain true value 
approach 
• transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
• Mid-sized alpha value rvestorys large levered 
beta play 
• Value creation through in .depth fundamental 
anSysisys dealstructuring 
Buy man.n else*, 
Purchased 3S0• mature fund interests at a 
discountover 10 years: 
• Average 20% discounttor MY 
• hemp -1O%funded at time of entry 
Established Investment Team Active In the Secondary Market Since 2003" 
• 
23-strong team expected to grow to 26-23 by IHIS 
• 16 investment professionals with an average of 12 years of relevant experience 
Managing Partner, CEO— London 
Deutsche Bank; CO8 Web Tech; 
General Electric; The Boston 
Consulting Group 
Deirdny Davies 
Parther, COO —London 
Deutsche Bank; ABNAmra; 
KPMG 
• 
Relevant Years of experience 
Charles Smith 
 as.
717 
Managing Partner, OO—London 
Deutsche Bank; Bunkers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
Ada m Graev 
0' 
Partner —Newyork 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; Lehman 
Brothers; ChotterferfSoros; Cowen 
Joshua Glaser 
Nabs 0lmos 
a0
Or 
Partner, Meet avenge— New York 
Deutsche Bank; Paul Capital; Forum 
Capita; OBC Oppenheimer 
Managing Director- London 
AD1A; (MS; Deutsche Bonk; Credit 
Suisse 
Chi Cheung 
O 
I 
tr 
Partner —London 
Deutsche Bonk 
I
Francesco Riga montl 
O 4 1 
StriorAdvisor— London 
Deutsche Bonk; Golfo & Co 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184747 
DB-SDNY-0038563 
EFTA01353971

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353972.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP.
Endenotes 
(1) Glendower Capita; Secondary 4iporturrities Fun.] hi. LP. rs7JF he or the 'Fund.) is being forme:: by .31+r:rower Capital LIP eGiereicieri., an ape..kited 
rem efemotive of Miratiella Advisers LIP, which is authorised and regulated by the United: king0tunrinarai4lConceetAt:tivirity 
(M Mature funds iiiciudir
.
 •,or.SOF D anc >OF le °reran $01 Pie:yarn sr:Ch.C‘r; scat, SOF Q, SOV it an, SOF iti Perforn terse* figure; hare been calcuiatee baser; 
or. the unaudited perttxmars:e results at SOP. SOF D, SOF Ir inc 50r HI as of September 
201.7 and should he read arc renewed in o.:ajunotIon with 
the irrird.ortara. Infonnation" arc 'Notes to inve,,Mient Perform:once Infornehon- s(:::.faan.s of this. i:Saaneril_ GI,x:s more are gros: of fern:, eafrenses 
am terrier, interest. Net performance retie:Ls arn:::::nts net Cr expenS4C., tees snø carrier interest. Past performance is rot a (.11tieeli011 of tror future 
pelornwice of $OF. SOV O. SOF 
SOF iii bold: ini.luder, to dernoratrate the trast rettet of the Glen:Ante Team :one tirre can be rma13:.~1:":: that. 
SOF ri will a:Newton:parable resgts, 
(.:1) sor 0 b 
roderrominatec Ft re Convener...It the Secterramr ;XL 2017 fil.laluSta rate of 1.182;:, 
(4) het, SOT ail $OF D art el:rested in the Daiiiro Pir Sale —a well dieersifier: portfolio of 28 private ecuite funds porchased through an WV, provenly 
enemure to buyout, special situations. 
rr capita( and rtx.rl estate strateAe.' ei North Autka. Europe an:; Asia- The .gin er of lure,. and corm:Imes 
is a best estIn'ate arc shows the aggregate of each deal at closing :mid may induce some double counting. 
(S) Source: Cambridge Asscciates Seconnars PenchtnaN st*ti:xles 
ci September 30, a 417 basin, on data dorripl
- from 140 ~Mar, funds with a 
minina.ni of Shire.: per year, including lolly licuicatec partner; hire, formed between 2044 and 414 Each SOF lund r,. strewn benchmarked against their 
lespe: tie `:image peer group. TG's infe/rnatir+n reflects a doMPansOn of tor, SOF 
Hand ser 
greiorreance agairea one berr. breart'. cos.; duartiles 
nay eller when compared to other berichmarking sources $OF. 501 D, SOF It and SOF ill cat-4 b rot included in the data set used to calculate the 
rit"-ehrnarkelata. 
(6) 
information presented in this chart is baser; or; the unauciteri results of SOF, SOF D, SOr H ant; y8 ill as dif September 30. 2017 and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunaion *eh the "irn_port it lniermation- and "Motet: to investment Performance intorrri
rdn. sect ions et this doo.ment 
(n Past Pertorrnance Is NH a fireeCtIce et the future pert:cm:woe of ;,OF. SOT 0, SOV II or SOF Ill but i:: inc.iunee in demonstrate the pact, recore ot the 
Glendower feapl. 
(a) Internal rates of relt.rna are net of fees, eApenses and cameo interest.. Cambridge Asa1Ciales research slums that most fixes take at least six years b) 
selde into thee final quartile neking ard PreviouS to this settlirg they typk:ally rant in nether ccartiles, therefore ()Ad or tieridiMark per lorniar.e.e 
metrics from more recent veitau: years may be less meaningful. Median is the nix: Gle fund Ilte of the group of individual lund (lifts included In a vintage 
y. 
fur::). Upper: lower -.nail. are the threshold: tor the cpc.#r (tee ≥S%) are., toper ticItorn Sko e,arnies cosec( on the _:dis dual 
RR: included in a vintage year and aret see in c cop:riche:my:Ph the median to determine r4i,artile placement 0/1:rarneniB fLilr;sl 
at.9.1 
PP! 
001/3.0:1:404: V, Paidan Capeat P.VN = Residual Valte lo Paid-in Capital: PiPiir Total Value (0 
cac4nfil. r:pE, aVPE and pre are owlet; return 
agveliacin« all cash (lows arc end tnt NAVs in a :amp(- in calculate e ci.auir.weighted r.,c n 
read the confceritbl private placement merncianum Ct the [err:: 
-Mernc:rarcurn, for the tull in:Satre of rut ractets.contle:ts of intererc 
cornek)te terms. arc regulatory and tax coreaderatiorn• of the Fund For limber tindlosure ol fees, such as fees and eapenses paid by the Fun°, please 
retry ix the Mernerandurd, the amerce.: and restated limited partnership agreement are the deed of adherence of the 
ME itch ci.:-:urnents ate in 
the proses:: of being prepared alt. will be mase available to pre :I/el:Uwe investors tipol: request. 
innested Capital 6 the amount of capital eveste., o irwertrnents arc the rernaineig unfunded obi:gat:cm reasonabl7, le-served t', Glen,. .,:yer Irr 
invest scent:: 
(1'1 is of fareatemteT At 20%7. Thpre can b.: rrs3ser:rance that tee) strategy wilt 
cur-_to€h.: the fetere, ertnat lesses 
he 3s3.14est, 
t.-ource:Glendesver's assessment base' on pixttogo mariagernent theory 
(14) As of .'kepteintw..:(7., 2017. Peri..d sin..e2rX).3indlucies time:men; by mersiler: of the done sener roarsage.meril. leeirn at Deutsche bank. 
Key Definitions 
^Single Acret Dear means an investment by the Fund leirectly or ineirt-ctly) in a portfotoa company gory:der, one ot more poi ate acuity Fund sponsors (and 
anyinnOvrOninve.11:1;:gs in any ;:uth eueNtinent, but not incluerf
arriS.1•P-1/.‹ Strtorwiary) 
reawnabt., de tennined 
t he Manager as lirt vantnsirecurres 
"Fund Secondary mean: la) an interest held tireetry or indirectfy by the Fund in a generaust or specialist private ebuitv fund structure (inducing a ft ne ei
funds, teeder (ulllur or other 
sUudturel .7,A:ca.:free in a rcandalore transaction :•r (h) a poriro& et such interests act:tired ha singe trantacnon, in each 
case as reasonably enfermin:W by the Marater as the context reduires. provled tala any interest referred to in clause fal shall be in a hire Slirt cti re that 
ether has an Investment pence that is expired (other than for feaow-on if/vestments) or has drawn down 
cerienitted te Invest at least SOM et its acgregate 
commitments, aen` prose4see that any portfolie? of interests r4.,fensW to in etan 
;ball Be 
slreCterYS 111.11:r1 the aggregate na-re drawn down Or 
::Cenrrikket 10 invest ul, kast ynk of their aggregate c(:rensitmerat, preelden further that the aggegate commitment:: of any rune ::inttab that has an 
investment frrnod tat irr ezrAr*ti fiber than Rs' 
kwestre:te);) stall he neeinect to em:al the arrcent Crams down 
Surt: 
slivatas, and: 
ProMec(, rk;ajder, tearta rune: Seca n.:ary shall not al!» be determined to be an Early Stage Investment. 
"•5P-led fecceetary- mean: an iwesurent interest beg by We ['um( Wsreeily Cr inCee:rni in polrata equity h.:re:structure or postludo C1 direct private e0L4y 
asset: through benpuke lic Lacey solutions (are  any follow-on ins•
nsents in any such investment interest, bt t not inducing any Co-Investment) as rearonably 
,:Kerrnzred by 1hµ Manager a: the cc-Merl rEKI:ires. 
-SOF" meat:: OB Secondary i)pp.:,rit.ne es Fund .A, I P., DB Secone•Ary Opportunitiesrune8, t.P. and tiff Secondary Opportunitiez Free C, LP 
'SOF Eit' means D8 Le< oreary Opp,orturiitks. Fungi 0. I. P 
-SOF !I' meant teconclaryOpportnitier. Fond'', LP 
'SOF 
r„par,01)escetcarve.Ipportunite6 lund III, If) 
tr)01Funds,"'SOF Program. or 7.eccra:aryt:Wortnneuts Rings-mew:1.80E sor D, SOT II are. SOF lli 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038564 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184748 
EFTA01353972

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353973.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L 
Important Information (1/2) 
'i lire confidentiat presentation (this tresentetion) 6 tieing CerrOint,n,C3Let` Loa limiter: number of sophisticated pectin (each. a "Recipieilti by Gerrit:cheer 
Cepilal LIP ("Otte/asset') (an appomtve representative or Mit:stet:a Adviser:ILI, which ill eethoi <ec arm tete:tat& by the thiir.eti Yineterni Financial Conduct 
Authority) fit the pnrpcse of prostate certain summary information about caftan eristing ant. future funds arc ar.r.ke.fitl that are managed or aevisec by 
Glensiower, iticketrig m cont rcie,e with 'you evaluation of a potential itiverinwei in tie fund to be lebusini m Cs'
iteesiter Capital Secoreiary Cen.e.irienities 
Pure iv. LP (the tune') The enc.:4141h011 iell:lurittO in Oki Presentaticn Is beine mace available to P.ecipieres on a striim oink:tribal !Olt an; in*y not he 
disclosed 
discus:ea web are. person other than any Redpienes aftilites iY eirter:ioral acviyets wiso are bend by obligatient of conic entialey cri a need to 
know bast. Any past performance information herein b not neceserarily indicative of future rest ht and actual warm/lance may oder materially from any 
prory:the or forecasted nerforarame Tit Preset:13W° Is rot rilteriCed to !Orin the ba.so. of any irrSeclirreitt reclean 3nri neerfrinfirt (nett ri/t4 re,/ Oft !hill 
Presentation 3,; pan of any assessment of whether to subscribe for interests in the Fund This Presentation may not be met! for anc roes not constitute an 
offer to se, Ol 
Nr.4l0ttlIF.ln of any oiler to sebscribe for QF pl4CliaSe ;sly :M.:rests ur to eee4asse in any other tcartsaulter The alinrrrAlal inrhrs Preseiitatroit 
inter4:ed to facilltateelscutulen and is not ner:ecearily meaningfulor complete without such supplemental disci;:sion. 
Each Recipient shfould ultis4R its Own attorney. business ac.iset ant. tan anviser a: to legal, bvircrx, ap 4ccoi.oting ars; 'dates. fr.rstlerr, ahncanirrg [he 
ink/twat:on cciitaeter; heidi, ant': ally Itrtvre tiler.r4 of SOF IV. Neither Girt:coy:et, lelitabrirer Arybeir LIP not any of their resserctist affiliates makes arty 
repreurniabon or warranty to any Recipient (sewing tne legality Cr art investnsent in lee Fund, true ir4:etre or GO COnSei;Ler".ei. eX the !eh:ability of an 
investnent for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intone': for bistritel.a.m. ant shall rot be cistribeted. in any jurisdiction where such distribution would violate applicable securities 
laws. 
'ibis Pfts.otAton ma ' refer ter CeltrrIn *Venn: a< having Ottlifrilt and COr.urrientS as ba,kt been enter& into withes may nor hare occhaeti or been entered 
lino at the cote that ilia Presentation k niece laliaikAble Lt. I that Glatierawei expects will occur or be entered into thereafter 
nut Precenthlion IS not an offer to Sell, nor a siaticitatco of an offer to buy, any srrzurity, ere, may rot bet see or relict' upon in conr.ection with any offer or 
stalk:eatie; A private 011efirlij of interests in the rune will he Mace Only piirsuant to the offering ekes:menet for the 
ACCitiOrlal information 
anoot 
itive::trnetit Objective. leirm; ark`. COI.Citifartar of an itiefeemera it. the FuiV. :slid at', contain IAA information ant' tisk disclosures 0'04 are in.extatit 
my inveetnent decision reeweiiite ere Fund. leo utfrion he: teen authofired to make airy statement cceicetning the furze 'Aker than asset kith in the °Petit* 
cor_urnentS ant any such stalerrientS, it mace, new nor be feriae uron The offering &currents will be furrilotiec to ciusatiec Invesme on :a corilicenthal has,: al 
their relhert.The inlyroationcantaine:; in Usk: Presentetesr. will be sereirsedet bV,Brl.liltetirahneii in its entirety by reference to. such oftenng 
An itiveeenteit in the rune will it malice significant risk. inducing loss of the entire investment. The interests in the Furor Will be 
as there t no seconuari 
;natant for letet este in ow n nO ;etc rive is serried& to clelaelOp. there will ter uesirictiore: 
transfenine interests in the rhritl hivestrnent tray be leveraged 
a& tray investment. performance may be volatile. Betel? 'le:tieing to if west in the fund, prospective investsfs sfee:lc read they:flee& niernorendurn a& pay 
c.artia.laf atientien te the Its far ter; &Maki& Pi the effering cocurnents Tne fear and tCpPnit3 thill14.11 in connectkil with en irriiistment ir, sex rend may 
than the tees and e n tom.e.... of oi l er i4ykelyeent OfterMniVeS and May Oise( proles. Investois Mithild have the flnanural Ability rine *queens: ie., to 
accept the risk charxterntes of the Func's investments. 
Potential con!lkts of inter.," may afire from the relationshc between Crenit Suisse Asset kilaroge.rnem timiten arid its atril
ez 4-Credit Lierssel, &ids is 
:oak* as the rbful'ii placement agent Creed Solze
 nit acting and will rot act as a munkipal advbxe within the meaning of Section (175 te the 0rxel-frank 
Wall 'Street Reform arei Cons( rner Protection Art am the fir is end regulations prcretegatee them:rte.:et 
nkmal Advisor Rule"). 
Any renrices, material, or intim:eat:on inet Crime Falisse pre:ties to a municipal entity or raftatec person as Cetinec by the Municipal Adveor Rule reawered 
Party. ) are0we/re& on an ar 011F. tingle, 0ink; ant not as an acetic{ 
licuclary to the Covered Party Coverec Parties stioulc reeisult. with their own internal arc 
eery nal eerwors before raking:it:tier wit!: ret:pect to any .iarNicat; tr.:sic:flat or infreanation orovlei& to them try 
SI.JVAP. Cretin SA,l‘Ce alto Will P2)t SOI1Ce 
a Covered Patty for direct or indirect compensation on behalf of an unaffiliated ins:inerant aeveer for the purpent. of obtaining or retaining an eine:isomer,* for 
that iliW5l.inelit.ftiVirier by theCovered Perty 
fernier: inorritrerenr. atiVi:lraty 
boor on behalf of the Cover& Party. 
fib Presentation contains information that ha:: been or may have been twenty: by a renter of sources ar4 
not been oncenenoeMlv verified Nothing 
containen herein shall constitute any tepresentation or warranty hit re) reSpOnSibility or fiabi ion iS accepted by Glendower. its affiliates or MirabatIla ALIvklelt 
LIP as to the accuraty or completeness*: any infornianon supplier.: herein. 
Unless otheirwlsyr ::laten, the ink:routes° in this Preserilatien has not been riucited or verifier, by an incepencent party, and sheulo rot be seen fill any 
i'sfeSer-I,ADO.' of cetuiret IAA might be eiekived 
The inform:Won contained herein rmrt de kept strictly re:of:demi:al and may not be repro:ince!: or nye:sitter: 
any foment sietn(nt. tem acl.roval ot the 
NOtratttanding the tnregning. each ItrotStOr and prospective investor (arc eac.h 
repleSerltaInte.Ce other agent ';her erg; tray ele:lose to any 
alto all perstee, wete)tit kinItaton of any gibe, the tax treatment and tax stri ettre re' thdi rEno -via its gnieslineritz: aril all trtaterlait: of any hire hricliganp 
opinions or other tax enalyees) that are rirovicec to sr. ch owestor or prospective investor relating to such tar treatment and tax structure, pro:iced, however, 
that sk.r.l, 0isckise re ;ball not itit.k4.ie the name fir other kenti(ying infi.Ltniation not relevant to the tax structure it tax treatment) of any person and shall:FA 
include information for which noten:clasure Is reasonably necessary in orre; to comply with applicable securities laws 
Past performance is not necessarily mi:cat:ye of future feria: and there can be ro assurance :bat the Fine will achieve comparable reithet, that the return!: 
generate:; VI the Fiat,' will itotail or d'Arbeir those presentrn• herein or that tht FliFic will be able to lInplenerfirt its irfOrlAll'ent C.trOlettleS w el; hieVe its 
iriorarnerit obrectivre;. The Ferieu investment strategy anti applicable invertment , trictuo 
'nay dIler nom tier:* he:tem:ally irrnfAciyer, and econornic 
cons'..itioto inay Offer maternity from the contfitions :incise which any other investment erne or account Inanai.ed Cr devised by Glendower has invested. 
All statenwens or opinion anc / or belief C.OrltrlirleC in this Presentation arc all views expu.sser ern all 0lCper.LCIfIS, 
or statements relatinf& to 
eererctations retie:Atte fetsire eventS or the turseible future I:A-froimbue of the Nine reoineteGifineewer'n (Wile aV:Ari:Inert*Ilt 
.nivnAlicii 
available to 4 as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is mace or assurance given that such statement', views, protections or forecasts ate 
correct. OVA the objectives of Ow fiat-; will he athievee Pr dial investors 
receive a Tee; rn if  their capital 
azeinan, rPo re:pon5ibibly or liability yr enty op cane is of will be aceepted by Glericerwer Of its resorts:wt.athist& adsisers, eirectore ernieoyees or ewes 
for of:rating thir Pferentation (Or any &Cinema information). collecting airy ineccui &ler in it or providing any atteitonal inlorniation to yut. Astereingly, to 
the fullest este& ;-:+setie subject to applicable layr, rice* d Cite:owe/ or Its affiliate:: arFS thAr respective shateba.lers, agsteit. agents, effecter:. Deicers, 
partners, ineinhers env empleirtes shell be liable (save in the case of fraud) for any ksst (whether elette. Incirect or conseeuential), damage, scat or erpense 
stiffeferi Qr ir:r.Urre7:r by any nefson 
e resift Of reliesor, arw steterrient in. or emesienfrm this presentation 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038565 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184749 
EFTA01353973

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353974.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP.
Important Information (2/2) 
Any forwardiooking ;tate-merits ism cheing wittrsui !imitation, projections of future earnings or yak di, result: or salt:all:ens herein are based coon la trent 
;$•:sornsitions, may by siniplifiec and may depaiid opon events outside !lie control of Glendthver or its 
Other events that were not taken into accoent 
nay oceor and nay signilicarilly affect tux analy:b herein. Therefore. MaNe; to any assomptior, . may have a material impact ix. any valuations or 
pitiercticie. Actual results may Therefore ha niatenalli different from any forecast. opinon 
valsation herein. Prospectiye lg.-Nestor: in tie IVY.: >hcoki not 
nth' on these tOrwarmfookIng statements in deciding whether try awes! In Sirat Fort. The infonnation tOntamed in the Presentation ens been obtafriec from 
source:: ositslie of Credit 
such information is t-illes.ed 10 tie reliable For the purpose:: usei ratin, neither Credit:Su:use, rrsr any or Rs ad-elates or 
partners, itiembers or employee:, asr,urne any r
ponsibility for the act acycf 
ch irlonnation 
See the "Notes b.:Investment Performance < ontainirt 
irriponantinforriation regarding re.rformant.e arc tergelet: ret.,:rns. 
This Presentatkin vies riot for in part of the basis kir any v.eilfect ea: tureen Gieripyne, or itl atlilete, anz. any atto 
Re.'ipier:tspf Pa) Preseritatkin slag irot 
treat this Presentatiori or tax, regulatory, acr.ounting. legal_ investment or any other advice in relatiori to the Recipient of this information are this information 
shmiel not are cardK4. Fe rerit upon as :air.b 
The CrrstfiMilL4, <4 this Presentation and partkcation in the Find may be restricted by taw in certain 
jurisdictions. Penons arliocome into possesulon of (Ks Pre.seniation are required to inform themselves about. are: to onstlye. any such restritliom. 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering or interests 0 the Fore or Use adequacy of tise. information °minified herein. Any 
epresentation to lie el-aire? ia,1; rearul. 
Prospective irive,ton :rliOLla pay partici:lag attention to the information contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of interests and risk 
factors An invt:Imerit in the foe: is suitable only ior ssiiheticater: ins-t
s and rewires the finareial ability and willingness to accept the hk,fk risk.: and lack 
of liquidity asrociatesi with an investment in the Fund. inve5tors in the Fond mort tie prepared to hear such risls for an incelinite period of titre 
Statements herein are mace as of January 31. 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
Important Inforrnetk-ri 
Ehe Track Re,.cr4 
The GP:FrM.4er ire Talar Ipacraqf from Cent he Sara( arid its afliliates ("DeutIche bank, on Aegost I, 20.17 and eitabibned Glendower Capital. LIP an. its 
affiliates (together, "Glenrowerl as an Independent private .t.cuity Firm owned by its partners Intl ret on secondary transactkin In private rnarkett. The 
pertomance inforrnation are tra-:k record set out in this Presentation in respect ot the SOF rum:: (Dart the pencv time ram inot
ion or the SOF Foreis to 
rata. ileberag the tune prior to the Catenation of Glennower, wheri the from; were employee( of Ciectscp,.; Bank. in evaluating the tract. leceetl, e..e.ti Recipient 
Estee that f*t>lo Pirwirrearoli and Charles Smith have been permanent voting nwrnber.: of the sof Funds irwestment committees sireet.ce
ires; fa) 
f hi Cheting, Francesco higanionti ant Acarn Greer have attended as observers the majority of insertmerit committees of the SOF Funds sa'nce inception. they 
were appointer in Decernbef 2011 durirat the SOF it investirent pericv.; as sce.ing merribers on a ra.t.atilaral binis and here been permanent soling members 
since January 2013; (iii) oder employees of Deutsche bank who were not part of the SOF investment team anc that have not. joined Glencower were involved 
at different times on I he investment corr.:mattes of the SOF 
arid Gni, ineestinentdecirlorernaking process in re:-.;.4(:t.c4 the investments ince try the. SOF 
F..ncs and (cro) ha r.onnecoon with the ifly4rrtalirtaS compitirkg the tract record, the riterv.ower Insaistrrent professionals were part .sf a larger voile within 
Lentcerie Nara. The owestment performance Mt:Juliet herein it intended colety to provide Recipients wee information atmnt the Giereower SOF Tearn'c 
owtstinent etpenence. The perlinrnance information pithicee herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative &.,et Management (Global) Limited 
COAAMIGit"lane provided to Glendower are relates to the SOF Fore.; and the related ireivretval under: ins transactor . it' respect ail width the Gameower 
SOF Tirane were ilesk*Mira thee capacity as per/Jerk, rtrarager arid/or insestiment committee members while employed at Decitcler Hank. Glentowei takes 
responsibiaty for Its use -.4 the perfornonce informs:aim and its compliar.:e with all a CipliCiltile taws, reiniations, rules an.: goinellises, inducing, but not renited 
to. the Investment Advisers AC et Icali). as aPerrrfree, and is particular. Rule 204.:: therenreer: and DAAlsafGit take:: ras rest-snsibeity for the iice of sucri 
Pe fin(M3n.:e inronr,stlisn by Grersikrwer 
Notes to In 
 Performance 
investment r:F.Ve::: 
OtherW4:;f: 
net 45. ;:re as et September 30. 2017, are r.:0;A:rtas, are: aie 
en!,. 
Itenen, 
::rile;;: 
ottienv,se indicated, -Gross IRK' am 'Net iRR" shalt mean an aggregate, conwet no, annual gross or net, as applicable, internal rate of return on investments, 
based tin daily cash aftee Cal0. Lilian, are pre:en:cc baled mg actual cash flow" 
zsrte from limited partner:. All IRKS ere presented on a -Intr:s` basis unless 
otherwise stated 0 e, hey do out reflect de pm or ity profit share carded interest, taxes tramaction costs In corineeton with the disposition of unrealned 
ineermremis anri attesr expenses that are borne by investors in the applicable funs. 
which v.4 ret.,.ce returns arid. in the aggravate. are espected re i.e 
Substantial) Net IRA kt presentet: after Kierh.cting all priority plOfit :thaut carrlen interest, tweet.. transaction costs Inc ...thee fee:: an. expenses (other than 
;axe; dome or to be r),-,n.,e by inyeatr.o.;, indieing as a nvia la of an ewestors donk. ile). Further, note that l;‘: catc,,i?tirez mfAbocokigy aCo
e."C to Cak,ilat-el4K 
1141 in respeu of the SOF rinds is impacted by the sor 
ire of tahscription line facilities. All perfooriarsce timbers induce recycled capital unless 
otherwise erphsill? ',loiterer. Dist, ibetioni to Paid-in Capital Poem represents el4leg.te ;.stributioire: to insestr4S in the SOF Pads realise to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Fans. Residual Value to Pairj-in Capital ("net") represents the value of the SOF Funds investor,' intersect held within the Xtl,
Funds relative to aggregate capital contributions tr, t 
Fend:, net et to SOF F..rret 
interest. rrian4ement tees and other expense::. Total Value to 
Paid-In Capital (- NW): TePi =OW + RVPt Ist.ster is oeficaril as the amount of money returned divided by the arri.:amt Invested ror that partkurar investment 
Gross multiple represents Total Valle as a rrinitile oi capital inuestim by the SOF Funds Net lung data :net 
etc.i net ineronnance data refle:ts anutents 
vet of the sor f 
catneo interest. management fees ant: otherelven:es 
Valuation:. Valuation!: of unrealh:tii nwitstments are generally bate( •sti a good faith aro rettonable ceterrnination by the genial partner of the relevant 
,n ,.cement it a'; Any such valuation of inrea.riteri investment will he based cri assumptions that such general partner helletec are reasonabte under the 
Cittull'ittailteS. the actual realized return: tin unrealizec investments will depend on. dirions othglr arAVS. rytt:re pperenN sys,lt, the value of the assets ard 
ifsaiet con.oiriois at the riffle of 5sposatais arty oflater; tranSattiOlithis and the timing and manner of 
all of which Pray Oriel' horn the asstarVtions on 
which the valuation.: user; in the pilaf performance dila contairec herein are bared Au:cornea/3y. the actual realized return: generated by these unrealized 
investments may differ mat rally from the returns livicated herein:. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038566 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184750 
EFTA01353974

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353975.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital S0F IV, LP. 
Legal disclaimers 
For Recipients in the EEA This Presentation shall not be eistributed to any Recipient that Ls domiciles; or resident. in a European Economic Area no:airier :tats 
*here tie 
tit the Pp:dentelean in such member state weiesin constitute 'marketing? (within lit weaning of article still(%) of tiw Alternative 
Investment Fenn Managers Directive 
Thk; Presentation is: rot an approves: prospectus for m.roo
 of section 65 
the Ur' financial SePices 
and Markets At 2030 rt-SMA'l In Mt United Lingiced. Uses Presentation may only be avramankatec ii) by a cere: n other than an authonser: ceirson if 
cirectec only at to) persons who have pror
sional experience in matters relating to investme.nts. falling within article 19451 ('investrnent professionals') of the 
ne‘arcial sankt,a and Markrett ACt 2CV, friforif mil Prorfaxiool Orrim /COS f;e: 
the 'Oriel 1, in) persons felting amthm: article agi2)fa) to set Chaps 
net worth companies, idlincor punted associattorir etc.') of the Omer, or (c) persons whom this Primentatton may otherwise lawfully be communicated; arc Ili) 
try an authorized oemon it coquets only at la) person; who have professional orneriest,: of participating in war:plates, 0:Isentes. fatting withal argot 1.44S1 
rinveltly:ent professiatts"1 or the financial Services and Markets At.. 20O) (Prornoticri 
Collective Investment 5schistrass) (Exemptions) Order 2001 as 
arresncedl the vPC1S rar
e) arc article 19{5) rinyessanere prcifeYsionalci cif Mei Orcer. 11) perscais falimmi within attic* 22 (high net worth cornparses, 
t.rollf.OrpOraten aSSOLialiatiS etf.) O the PCISOrcler ants atte.14...49(2)(a)to (e) thigh netwerth ctimpanles,uriiriCorpOrateP aSSor.eations etc.") of P*O(clee. 
NM) Node. In Ifibli01 tO each member state of the EEA (each a 'Member Stale) which tit; irriplernenteo the Alternative Investment Nino Managers 
Directive Sterective (20.1.1161/EUI) drat •AlitSD-1 Mod tor which transitional arrartgernersts are not: no longer available), this Presenbtem May 
distributer: anc interests in the fund may only be offered or ;Recce in a Member State to the extent that: 11) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to 
professicaoil irneetors in the reltahra Member 
inacconsance with airmo (at imptrnented into the tocal law/regulates,: of the relevant Mistflns.r State]: or 
(2) this Presentation may otherwise he lawfully eistnnuted and the interest. in the rune may otherwise be lawligsr offered or placed in that Member Suite 
(tncie4!s:g at the initiaiimY of the er..esto:J. 
In relater: to each Member State of 061 REA whe-.11. at the date of tit; Pt t...;:eolchtlolt. has not iniplementeo Airmo, this Presen'atcri may any be distributes' and 
interests in the Purr; nay only be °Betel or placed to the extent that ihn Presentation may be lawfully cistributsp and the micentsts in the rune nay um:fully 
be oiler et es placee in that. Member State (including at the inittatiisis of the ineestor). 
For persons In Australla.*fhis information has been prepared for general information purposes only. Nothing in trio Press:citation wnsteutes investment, legal, 
lfamil DM% or la* advice, or a ff:preSetitato'l that any atvestment or strategy 
suitable or ext./ innate to inewifnial circumstances. ce ozherwipt oar:stance a 
personal redominenuation to any Soi:tiflf investor Recipients of PM PreSentatian strags 004 assume that any Investment discusser; herein 'hive or will be 
profitable There is no gement& comerning the achiewment of aeest.rnerit obits:huts or target tett:ins a measurenients Any reference to Past performance 
is rot indicative of future results and is no gtarantee to future results. This Presentation has been prepared for ant. is protidee Dray to ;fermi:tee recipients in 
Austraha who qualify as whdiesme ctopts 4ci that term g defined by pick', 7616(7) of the Australia:, Corporations Act 20(0 (Cth ) (the "Act.] moo as 
sophisticated or professtanal illir+latira as destined by se-:tscrks 7Ogial and (111(respectivah) of the Act. in respect or which an offer would Oct rev:tire disc:I:sure 
under Chapter 61) or Part 7.9 of the Act. It Coes not contain inc dook.it not be taken as co:taming any financial preduct advice or financial procuct 
recomnwreatots. 
Preser-labols ki Oct. m ProVeaus. prostou CLI/Josure statement a any otter form of ores:vitt:0 tgh,desco.ti,;mentur,der the Act. This 
Presentation is not required to. ars, doe: not. contain all the information winds would be rec.:lite in either a prospectus. (Ifni tt.t.t (iiscioscre :bats-merit or any 
other form of prescribed uflerine cocument under the Act, rear hit re.:uttec tie be st bit:heti to Ile At:straiten Securities era: investment% asinniqskas. The 
funds referred to in these inaterhes are not registered schemes 
cellist in the Act. In Australia. Credit Sur...se Group (111ililei, other than Credit Suisse AG, 
Sydney Branch are rot author:zee ceposit-taking institutions for the purposes of the banking Act 1959 (Cth ) and thee- oliksation: do &N. represent deprnit; or 
other babilitseo of Creek Suisse AG. Sycrey grant:IN. Credit Staffs) AC,, foyoney Branch cos..; not guarantee or otherwise provice assurance In respect of the 
obligat &pi. of sim.b 
Somale entities or Me fowls. 
For persons In Baran. The Presentation has not been aped:seed by the Central P,arit of Bahrain which takes no mswinsibikry for its contents No .:fifer to the 
public to purchase the riaetz interests wilt be made in the Vingdorn of Bahrain anc this Presentation is imervied to be teed by the arieressee only and must not 
he passed to, itistato to, OrSilt:lel to the powgenerally, 
For persons ki Brea The inforrnsibn contained herein Is for Ph:imam:nal purpopys. only am; is not, arm taw,er no circernstance.s is to be consr.ned as, a 
prospect:is aft advertiseriwg a public offering. an offer to sell ties mitareits beiailmi he tau as SOlmilat fan or an of fm-f to buy the interests cescnbed herein 
in Braid. Arai public offer or sate of P*Interrn.ts. 0esCribeel herein will be mace only if appficable registration in the Brazilian Securities Cfatalr:kaal011 It; obtainer. 
No imitation to offer, or offer for, or sac of, ates, Inwstment will be deensed to the pidyld in grasit or by any means Woubl be deerneri public ode-ring of 
securities in Brasil. Under no circumstances is the information contained herein to be tonstita0 as iFtwoUnent acirne Brazilian Securities Cofontisso has not 
reviewer: the frmitefial meteors. 
Fa MOM In Brand. This Presentation has not been ejekvt.-rea to. liCentet or permitted h, Autoriti Monetad Brunel 0anta.1-gatat. Nor tta2 it teen refl.:tater] 
with the Registrar of Comnarri 
This Presentation is for informational putootes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to the public. As such, it 
moot not be flOtribt4tm. 
pAl0finottO to and Intl? rot br refiec upon or useed by any person it: Brunei other than the percori to *horn P. b directly 
covens. teemed and who belongs to a class of personas defame under Section 20 of the Br 
Securities Market Order, 2013. 
Fa proms M Gonads. Tit Preesnustkm is Only intenced for persons in Canada who cuaafy to be a 'permitted cleft - within the meaning fiaporsiil instrument 
3:10?- Registratkei P.ectiiremert.E.yernptions pic Ongoitg Registrant. Ottgathrny. To lie eaten that the ilifonnath.q. onihimiecl herein references sexrites 
of an issuer incorporated. forme or treater, uneer the law,: of Canaca of a province or territory of Cartsca, arty traces in or advice regaruing such securities 
must be condi:rem throsgh an investment dealer reguerta in Carioca. No securnes cchandzsion or similar regnlah:My a0htlor,' in Crania hOr. reviewed •'..r MI 
any Way passed upon these matenals, the information contained herein or the merits or the Interest'; descnbed twee% and any representation to the contrary 
it an offence 
For pasta in asia...4! or ronw Of the offered securities may have not been registered with the St ter rintendencia de Valores y Segunss (PM") pursuant to law 
no 16.045, the Ley de Mersad-:, ce siatores, and regeeitions thereunder. Securities not registered with the SV5 may not be offered or sot' pc:nth:Ey in Chile 
(nr-SS a ff.-SIMPLON Met:IN:ion apply). Thb flOCtiment dims not constitute an offer of. <1' an invitation to subscribe icr or pirchate, the securities in the, 
Rept but of Chile, other than to individually leentifier1 investors puna ant to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of the Ley de Mercado ee Valote✓c 
fan cllef that is not `addressed to the pi:bricks general or to a certaln sector or soecifk grot of the ot 1610. for additional triforrion 
lefetree to such of 
Ofer fle securities, please contact yOtir ReliftkIrdrin ktIrlat4f7r. 
For persons in Mina hiss invvtation to offer, or offer for. or sale of, any interest or investment will he made to the p.. bik in the Peoples Republic of China 
t'PRCI or by any means that would be Or:tined publd offer ellt of se:untie:, ince( the taws of the PRC. These materials may not be 0ustributec to irichocuak: 
resident in the PRC or entities registeren in the MC who have rrai obtained all the met:ire:1 PRC government approvals' it is the investors resporsibihty h.\ 
ermure that it has obtairec all necessary Ph.0 sr:avermenl approvals to purchase any interest, participate in am investment or receive any inyestn,ent 
or if amm:trnent managenient 
ices 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038567 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184751 
EFTA01353975

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353976.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SO( IV, L 
Legal thridakners 
for persons In Casaba Thic rratkettng material does not constitute a public offer in the Sepik:hr. of Columba; it is being distributed under orcurnsuoitec 
wh:di yo,-A constitute a petsho of ferhig 
securities wider applicable Colombran securrtres Nees anti regulations. Neither the products. or the Management 
Company/Issuers hare aria will not be registerer, with the Soperinteriaence of finance of F.olonibia. Potential Colombian investors should rn:Jke their own 
cep:ion *Miler this frrancral protruct meets their investment retgeutrver am, tisk tolerance level Each potentral Colombian ire:es:tor should inake its own 
indultles and cOnSolt 4S Oval VC vii0IS i)! IC this financial product are: the Management COMpanyilssuers, inCluOing the Merit arid risks irreolv,41, and as to 
legal. tax aim feinted matter:: cancer-Sri; an ::vestment in the producas.This riMek fling material is mattered rr: Colombia or prow:eel to Cokerd...ian residents in 
conerhance with Cerree 2555 of 2010 and other applicable roles anti re.g.olations relater to the promotkun of foreign financial anellor Iteci.ritire: related products 
or cervIcre: In Colorthra. Accordingly, the radx,utts may only to proiresteri t4 Cokombran ere:Ili:huts In compliance with ceuree 2W' of 2010 are under 
at cant lane. es which do Mµ constitute a public of
 of securities 'mem applicable Colombian marketing roan: and genet al securities laws arid regulations 
For persona In France. This Presentation can only be communicated to Qualified irarestor: wither the meaning of the article 0411.1 a the Monetary finsfinancial 
,:cr,..emorrer,oO, et FillOrWani tO professNmal clients are) eirgibte counterporties. 
For persons In Guernsey. This Presentation has rot been approve(' •:r attrikarired by lite Gt.ennii:ity Financial Services C.cnorriss4ps or the States of Guernsey 
Policy Comroil 
For Penn In Hatt Ths Pnejenntalit'4i 6 fee general informatiorat may/5es only. ?lathing in this Presentatitai e intended to constitute fironcial advice. Ho 
Put& or OniVilini •:ilferlre of the IribeleStS Is Prong made In Hartland no agreement rekr tog 
the sale of the Iriteret, will be cOncludec in Hale 
For persons ki Hong Kay The krfor ;nation rnernonocilni in relation to any interest and/or investment referred lobules Presentation has nit been approved 
by the Securities acv: Futures Conanission of Hong Kong. Accordingly la) any interests or securities may not be offered or cop, and Ivor, not been offerers or 
sold in Hong Ke-ng, t7 means of any document, other than to IN-Professional insescors" ax clefered :n the Securities and Futoresi:relircarce (Cap. )17.11 of Hens 
Kong and any rut% node under that Ordinance: or flit In other circumstanced which co not remit in the (too...neat berm; a -riroweourc" as (refired in the 
Camp:Inlet: Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Cong or which do rot cent:title an offer to the Dash( within the meaning of that Or ;r
 art (b) no person toe: 
cued or had In its Ousseavon for the purposes of issue. and will not Issue or have in its possesskv, for tile purpose:: 
Wsne. whether in Kong Kong or 
elsewhere. aryl advertisement, twitat ion or document relating to any interest or securities, which at:Cifext./xi at. or the contents of which are or are likely to be 
accesseur or rev": by, the public in H083 gong (except rf permitted to cio %, ',hoer securities laws of Hong Kong) oche; than with respect to any interese or 
Securities which are OF are interv.ied to be di4y0Sed of onki to perterns ootirce Hong long or amt.. to 'prOfeSional inveStOrs' within the deferrtion Of the 
Secriritiestaric Furores Ordinance (Cap. 5711of HongKong airs any rules made ordier that Ordinance 
Fa persons In brae. This Presentation has not teen approves by the Istre.r)Searilies Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli resicents in a manner that 
rife not constitute 'an oiler to the public" once' sections 15 are.t.iSa of the tsrael Se 
cities LA4 517,8-196g fl ier Securities taw') or section 25 of le swis 
investment Trusts Laver 5754-19dA ('* 
Joint investment Trusts Law'). as applicable TM imxtucts "resulted in this Presentation (the 'Products') are being 
offered so a linlited rwitthisr of lin...slims {35 in
 or fewer during any given 12 month period) and/or those categories of iramstors Pstesi in 11w First 
Metter:lino ("the Aterendure) to try iecoritles low, r5QpiliVOCALOTI InwP.Storini nafnen; joint investment furvit. or mutual post funds, proVitent funds. 
insurance companies, banking corporations (porrltasire,Poscructs for therraelves or for chants ratio am Soplusztoteri Investors', portfolio managers (purctiasing 
Prus,ucts for the)nselveS Or for chentr who are Sophistiv.ated I:Neste:3), invert/nen! isovisors rte inyestnent marketers (waif's:big Prone:Is for themselves), 
members of the Ter -Aviv Stock Sschange (pvicrecing Products for thene7‘r.fves or for clients who are fgupliisticatiso investors), underwriters (purstasing 
Pro-Suraz ice thernselser.), venture cupta) ft.m.s envie-lc mainly in ifve capital market. an entity which rs wrmessawned by Sophisticatet investor.. 
darer/rations, (other train Marten for the specific peril se of an avAmiSinon porioani to an crier). with a SharehOlders eluity In eacess of NC. SO million, and 
imrskicalr. in respect of whom the teens e4 kinnir in: the .-..chearn. 
to the arrest ment Acvice Law bold true investing for their own account, :n respect Qt wh-kh 
at least one of the following applies: the total value of their cash, apposes, financial assetz (as refined ini the Investment Arivice Law) ark- securities tracer on a 
stock es.r.lernge lisereaed under the Sin:untie,: Law (together, 'trout As.d.,fc- i exceeds pas 8 sho rt thiv n.), liy,37.0./ L 
thtra.p..,,a,i of ily.oine 0.der 
of the precei.!ing two years exceeds HIS 1.2 million lappiorinsile* 1200.000), or the level of income of then 'family unit" exceeds HIS 1.8 nallion 
i.arsproarrriatekiiKa,,00:3): or the aggregate value of aft Veit tior0 Asset; exceeds tarr 5 arilion lapprcerniatefy Er110.000) any: their Nve! of income Veer eat, 
of the precteing two years exceeds NIS 6110,000 (approximately 1100,000), or the level of inosires at their 'family unit' es Ortecet NIS 900.(i(t) (approximately 
1150,00)), each as cetined in the salmi Aekerettir0, 
arrfixie-s, nom time to time. and who in ex!, care have wonted written conFiriflatioir that they yuatiiy31:
SophrstaW1 Investors, ant that they are aware of the COrCelluenCeS 01 such resignation are agree thereto; in all casyS under circumstances that will fall 
within tees priudte oacerrynt C  other ereensptru-rs of the Joint investment Trusts Line. the Securities taw and any applicable pcidel!nes, doorrouncements 
tnlings issuw. Iron: time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This PiesentatiOn may not Pre reprOduden Or t•sed for airy other purpose. nor be hamster:I to any other parson other titan those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product is pviritMsng Snell PrOeitiCt for 
c oven benefit and account and not with the aim or interaSees of orsurbuting or 
offering such Product to other parti 
(other than, in the case of an offeree which is a Sophsticater Investor by virtt e of it being a barduing corporation, 
manager 
irVinber c4 I.Pas Tel.Avve5tc‘k Enteroge. as defined in the AuCentlom, wheremai:offerer:is purchasing Product for another part:re:11km* 
a Sophrsticatec investor). Nothing a. this Presentation should be sonricered investment adore or investment marketing as definer in the Regulation of 
Investment CourrS.filie '''' Investriven:Marketing ant: Portfolio MVnagvnieni Law, 575h..1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek con-rt.:lent Investment cot reselling from a Molly Manse, investment coons& ['Svc to snaking the inved:Inernt As a 
prereoursest to the receipt of a come of tub Presentation a recipient shall be recruited by the fund to pros-ice oonfirrnation that it is a Sophisticated Investor 
;ruche:An:Products for its own accorad: or, where applicable, (a other Sophisticated Investors. 
This nridentatain does not constitute an offer to sell of SofisitaflOn of an cater to buy any sea.rities (Alt than the merest& in the form offered hereby, nor 
roes it f.c41.ctio.:te an offer to ::ell to or 
roik-itat_koi a an offer t4 too/ is OM any person of perpOrir in any state or other liars:Cr:ikon in which such offer Or 
soldtalkirilwxlil be onlawful, or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not Qualified to Co so, or to a person or persons to when, it is unlawful 
to make such offer Or tolicication. 
fa plata In Japan. The ifilorniatroii in relation to any interest. and/ or irwesirrient rws not been arei will riot be registered puts:Ant No rerrth.re 4, Paragraph I of 
the Financial instrument and Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1918 as amerced) (the 'Mtn and accordingly, any interest and/or investment in them 
may not be allergy; or 
erectly or irvirreCtIV. In Japan or to, or for the tenet of any faparw.se person or to others for se-oljering Cr reside. sliFecriy or 
roorrectly, In Japan or to any Japanese person except ureter clicurnelances which will result in etrophance with all applIcat.le laws, regulations ant ittatielillCi 
prom..Igate0 by the relevant Japanese governmental and n,ltilatOly3titnoritie:: and in erica at the ettivvant tiled!. For tit pfirf.p.sie, "Japanese t., tilii10" means 
any port:or:resident in Japan, includir€any COrpOr atiOn or Other entity organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, 
rnatelial kSCSInblit40 try Credit Suisse Securities won) t tro,itc ('CSA:), a regotereo clnane.oal instruments rum (01recw•Gentral of Kanto local 
rioNlto gateau (icrnshoI No. 66). OIL sa member of Japan iecurit
s Stealers Association, isikile-1:1311iitnrel. AS80d.3tiOn of Japan, Japar: Invetter.?.nr: At'Vt'a'r 
k•SOCi3tiOn and Type II Financial InstMirients Firms Association. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038568 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184752 
EFTA01353976

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353977.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOf IV, L P 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Malaysia. This dock meat is provicsk on a C011idellti3i basis and made upon your veriest. Tnis riocunierit roes not COME aLte, and shot:lc not be 
ctn.:ruevas•xr:scil;ing.an offer or invitation testeisuribe first purchase sty seuiritxm 44: defines; in the Ca peal Markets anti Serthes Ack.:1207) in Ma Ifraia 
or interests (as oefirieti in the Conitranen Act 1965) to the public in Malaysia. The dispatch of this emurnent duet not make available any sect:fetes for 
subscription or poichase in Malaysia. This Cut nenr. las been issued mitide 
fslaysia ;stir no issue, offer of inv.tat e. once: thes rocunient has any ef fest in 
MataySha 
For persons to Mexico. This marketing material b rdlributed in the United Me,lkaco Hate; rfenraitol by ;. (oreip, Financial inslitutrum lInstitvtion irn;Hiciera 
cel Exterior) nor subjed to the supentsion o1 the National Banking anti Le:enties Commiusion (Comisien Nacioftal Baniaro y tie Valones) (the "CiaBM) The 
securities mentioned hereby are rot registered in the National flea:Mies Registry (Regbtro National de. Valero:) (the "Min or in the International Gm:talon 
Ss:stein tSrsterro Internacional ye COttraUkdX.S1 (the ”.SICIM the Menem Steak Eitcharate (Eloise MexieaMt de VAk.ite%). theivfoiv such secontsts, Bs issuance, 
pitying, distnbuteer and listing are not subject to the soperAston of MC Chl8V or the prosisions of Mouton law The securities shall flOt bass St.13,11.o.t to public 
offering.labri or brokerage in feleetyst:Ilitst: registered In the HMV or the X OUrsuArk to the applicable legal PrOybtOna. 
For psws In Monnar • Thn Pnxiccfropy not ftif agent,' <tr sole. directly or 0M0OCOV, to the. Public in Monaco other tan by a Monaco Bart or a iluly 
NAM1£13O;Ot e interrneCiary ailing 353 professional iratitutior-iii investor *NCH coos oiler k&.'nviedge: ant] experience in firiarvial anti thisiessas Matters 
as to be capable of is:RA:sting the SR:: and merits of an illY0.5.1MMIt in the rune. Consteuesitly, this tiOctiffeirlit may only be conuritnicated to banks Cady 
liserisec hr Ow `At Mite tie tainift.* PfOOMItier and hilly TgAVISeO pielfolionainageetit. corripariRis by uirtue ir..f Law 
of tr.:1y 26, 19:41 and Law .1.332 
of September 7. 7007. duty licensed by the toinnesidn de Condole ces Activites Finarv.ieres Suet: regulated intefrnettrarier may in torn communicate this 
coo:morn' to ta.a.entisilinveutors 
For persons In NewZee/arid This. stif011hat*:1 bat: bOell ,nepau ed for 3nei rt provided OfO7 bs OmmItret ft( vients. in new &attic wito c Lillie ;sari "MVeStrr-40 
business" or 'government agency" within the meaning of &sure 17(1) arc clause40 of Schesfulel of the New Zealanc litaiu.ral Markets. Conduct Ad 2013. 
For persons In the Suitonete of Conan. The Mformatian contained in this Pr ese.mation neither constiu,ter. a public offer of securities in true Sultanate of Oman as 
creiteisiplatec in the Conenelt ialCompano taw of Coon (e.swal Decree 41.74) or tits Capital Market taw of Oman (Puy& Decree WS:9Si, nor (Mt: It VOOMIO.,'* 
an offer to set or the solicitation of any die; w say NozeOntani securities in the Soltarrafe of Anon as contemptateti by Article I.39 of the Es/mien-is 
Regolations to theCapital Market tawny,
s.er., by Dec iron tio.112CO9I 
Arie.iticK:ally, this Presentation is lot intended to leac to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nalu I t within the territory of the St ftanate of (Aran 
For persons In Cietar Trot interest.; 
the 
an? only tieing offered to a limited number of Insesttars Wei are vagina and able to conduct. an Incedencere 
inaersigation ct the Mils invoked in en inveltment in secti Miereate The promotional riocumeniatioridC+E rice constitute an oiler ro the public and it for the 
k se only of the nanesd ACCo:C.S.EO and should not he given or shown to any other person (ocher Men employees, agents or coroultants in connection with the 
arkiressess'a consideration thereof). The (tad haf. 'VA *eon aryl will riot ha ne&istered with thee:afar central Hank or :sneer any lawn of tie State of Czatar No 
tranraction will he conducted In your pa iscictIon and any inuuliies regarding the interests in the Form should he made tot:41140We, . 
For persons In Saud Arabia. The: lireceniatisn re.ay may not be ciudbuted in the langoom of Saudi Arabb escent to suds persons 3S are iMMItilke• *neer the 
Offers of Seat cities IteguUdions tr!aree by the Capital Market Autiority (the "civt.a.'u 
The (MA cote: not make any reprecitnietliin as to the aatracy or completeness O this Dr.eionstint, one eq.ressly ',delete:, any 
whatmeseir for any lures 
arcing froni, IX Incurred in relance Lars any part <4 the Of -,..entation. erospeatie puttnasers <4 the interest otleoft.:: tenet.; should conduct their own due 
Cilk011iCC on the ucturacy at tie information relating to the interests. if you co not uncerstarv1 the content: of the. Presentation yo. should consult art 
authorized firiancrataelisey 
For penfOnS h Sineletere This Presentafron not a prosPer.tu:: 
delineri :r: the Sraill1esarv.i rutures Act. Chapter 
of Singapore (`;;FA') arc, 11;C not been 
registered as a prospectus with tel: Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under theSCA in relation to the content of prospectuses 
apply, arc this PrOjente".O 1;tzk,ie Foc he construed In arty way as a tottrarnkse or all rifler t9 bus or sell aria inteaest 
irivristnient referred to sir 
this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for you_ The product named in this Presentation is not el thorized or 
retognitee by the Monetary As:Monty of Singapore (the 'MASI ;MC Mete kd ii ,.; interests 
snares alit 
be allovilht to be offeree to retail imiltic in 
Singapore. This Presentation maybe detritatrei. only fij to persons who are TinstItutional investors' under section 304 01 the SFA. 
for persona In Souttt Kona Teas Presentation r; heals proY*.nro to you.: for general etcusson purposes only to gaoge the level of interest in the reievare 
prosi.cts The celdarry of Qin fOrSOMOtioll to you sixtukt not he comer titre ilu 31.y Wei, as riAisiling inveslnient or offering to sea any interests deso gest h. this 
ere:en:anon Rather, betore the sans 01 any men product. the mei will Fest be registered with the Financial Services Cisoundiri-sri In Sotto and a locaiii 
liceriasa entity still be engaged. 
For persons In SMteerland. Credit Suite provices no guarantee with regard to the ancient and completeness of the information and Goes not &vein any 
Itanlibi fur loV.rs that might arise Iron. frisking use of the znrurreatron If nothing is a dicated to the contrary, all fig vas are tir
tidityd. 
intorrestan 
pmt.'s:leo herein is far the estluarie use of the recipient Private email( it: private egulty capital investment In companies that are not trailed publicly (I e , are 
rizt Mato tin a stock exchange;. nriyaie equity lose:Relents are generally ill€rhuid and are seen as a long-terns investment. Friseite equity investments. auciunkig 
the Investment opportunity described herein, may inciode the folkwor-g aileltIonal risks: 0) loss of all or a substantial :pietas: of die inseutods investment. fill 
nvestoren: manager: May base incentives to make investment: that are tidier or more specuratke rue to perfortnance.tased compercanon, tar] tack of 
hot:icily as there may be no secondary ITIAlet, 
vOl3tIlity Of fen. Ms, fy) restrictions OF. transfer. (Vi 3 potential p. o. of olversification, fern hitet rev, end 
rr, pereee, (Yin) little or re requirement to provide ecotone( pritung and (iv) coulee^ say SZO.:(.02reS are celays in heave) Ling important tat information to 
in=s: tars. 
The reorsesentallve of the fund in Swatted:Aro is Hugo Puna Services SA, 6 Lairs de Nye, Cie-1204 Geneva (the 'Representativel. The offering documents, 
ant-Assof asioLiatai arid audited thiamin .1.atensehts ten be tenainee free r4 charge horn thy Sepresentariye Inn- piece of per:Any:runnu iniornt of the 
Fund offerer, or cistritittleo in or from Switzerland is the registerec offioe of the Representative. The courts of the cantor of Geranta shall have jurisdiction in 
relation tr, any ognestes arcing not or ihe uetIoss.4 to nerve:new ne. Any rAsoute relater: to the el:Vita:ion of interarts:A the tern, in ere.. from Switzer land 
shall tuusuhlect to theism:eh:lien of the registered /Afire of the reurhbutor 
The Paying Agent In Switaalarkti is Banque Canto ale urr Geneve, 17 Ctilhi ue 
cn-:1207 Geuesu, Se/Rioland (the -Paynn Agenn Interests goy he 
Nab:tribe-1, asettor redeemeo with the Paykig Agent A handling commission will be ct-arger: by the Paying Agent if a subscription or redemption is made 
through the Paying Agent, instructions. a no money must lye receiver: by th.t. paying agent et least ;14 hours before the approperale dealing co t•of f time. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038569 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184753 
EFTA01353977

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353978.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L P 
legal disclaimers 
for person; Ina mu and Nest. This Presentation roes not constitute an offer or solicitation in St Kitts anti Nevis This Presertator, ha: not been reviewed by 
the Soo:Mies Commosker or the firencial Serei.to Regultstore Conimissiorr io5t KAts and Neve. 
refobt my a othority ifi St. ICe.t.: one Neastaas passer; utan 
the &tumor or adeouacy of the of teeing or endorsee the merits of tie of teems. the funs: hae riot been are will not be registeresi with any regulatory authority 
ih St. YOU and News.. Each investor :hotly coroult his or he legal arsine' 
occountare or resorcial asIsoor lot aiivice on the 6rsrious legal, to: or ec000nric 
matters uonceetang ark or her investment in the rum: There 
invohre:i 
Inoesting, well the ultimate risk tieing the loss of the 'mentors entire 
in.estIneni 
Fa persons in WEI Abu DhabllOubal. This Maser:rotors and the ittOrrnatenCOntairien herein, does not constitute, area is not reechoed to oxistitute, a public 
otter 
UnitqC Arab Emirates and accmoingly shoulO mat be < cmeruee as moll The interftts in the rt;nd are only being &feted to a Dmilect 
number Pf sophists-steed 'woo:tors in the IJAE who rot ale Willing We able to cOndiat an iceepentlent ewestetation of the fists Insisted m an intestrnent In sail 
interests . rind ibi upon tr*ir specific reeeest. The ',attests in the rent have not been approste by or licensel or registerat with the UAE Central Etank, the 
Sect:title> WWI Commooldes Authority or are/ other rekivarit hearosing atittxxities or governmental agencles in the Inf. The Presematem is for the t ce ed the 
eanitic adUressee only are ;hot k1 not he giver; or shown to any other person retiree than employee's. agents or consultants 
Connection with the addressees 
con:i0eratiot r thereof). WArans'Atiori wilt be cons used :n 
IME are.: any ene vines rega0; 
:met est 
the Furs; stools, be eras* to tiler:0s:we: 
For petiole In the United Staten of America in nI4kIng arc investment OeciSiOrt prospective must ref./ or; their own eywriination of the issuer arm the terms of 
the :lifer rig, inar,InCing the norrits erg risks insolvers. 
The interests haw. not heen re:onoeno.ceei by any letierai or state securities ester:IX5On or regulatory a:the:its. ni n herrricr#.. the toreooing authorities have 
not confirmed this.. accuracy or determines the acen' acy of this Pr senator.. Any representation to the contrary is a cr iminal offense 
The Interests hase rot been art.; will rot he resisteted under the Securities Act, or any state or oit*r 
Lawr. or the birs or any non-U S. jurin,:icticri, nor 
u such registration contemplate:: The Interests will be offered and tac, in the United States only to roalifying reec•ients of the tunes private placement. 
rremorareir m pursuant to the evemphori hen; the registration, foto Irainent.s of the Sect ricks Act provirted by Section 4121 are. Fogulatico Cs thereof are any 
aPPIleable IV51:1A000 proOtt'liOtt 5 therk'tnijir arc' in compliance with the at:pleat:Ito sect rifles lows. of the states and oho fortsciistiony where the offering 
'Mn be n'ace The hiteregs are beings,* tor ioseotment only arc are subsea to restrictions on tosocferability and resale arid may net be transferrer, of resold 
eacept 
peoveesi rn the Foos; Portoerstrip Agreement anti as permittse rosier the Securities Ar.t ate the doper:46k.. ]late setcoties laws. pm:scoot to 
registration c..r exemption therefrom. tnnilen Partners shouk be aware that they will be rectare: to bear the financial ri:P4 of an investment in the interests 
for an ay.efrrate leriee or tine The nose will net be registerei ac an investment annpany rosier the Inveturint Cernpany Art Corzeocently. investors will 
not he affornee the protections Athe investment Company Act. There *di be no pt blic market for the Interests, arc there is no obligation on the part of arty 
t*rOW: re register rhe Interests untie, the $.e.cuntms Act. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038570 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184754 
EFTA01353978

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353979.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas (together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for the fund associated with this 
presentation material. Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources 
we believe to be reliable. we do not guarantee its accuracy. completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates 
that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU 
UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF 
THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES. INCLUDING THE 
POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD ALSO 
CONSIDER MAKING SUCH INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR 
APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation material does not guarantee or predict 
future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are not insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. governmental agency. are not obligations of or guaranteed by 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.. or any of their affiliates, and are 
subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Further, the securities 
described In this presentation have not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the 
Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund described in this presentation material 
or its affiliates through arrangements that may or may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities. such 
as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our employees, including those of our 
investment representatives who may otter fund interests to clients, may now or in the future own interests in the 
fund described in this presentation material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting. tax or legal advice. Notwithstanding any other express or implied 
agreement, arrangement or understanding to the contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your 
employees. representatives or agents). subject to applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, to disclose 
to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential transaction. and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, 
without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is effective without limitation of 
any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027219 042718 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184755 
DB-SDNY-0038571 
EFTA01353979

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353980.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353980.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS, 83 Came..Ion C 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Overview 
April 2018 
iCapital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038572 
SDNY_GM_00184756 
EFTA01353980

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353981.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Deride' Management 
Important Information 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation') is for informational and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or investment advice, any recommendation or opinion regarding the appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy. 
or as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy an interest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Underlying Fund') or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities iV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access Fund). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering Memorandum), which will be fumished only to qualified prospective 
investors on a confidential basis. The Presentation is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Offering Memorandum, which contains more detailed 
information about the Access Fund's investment objective, terms and conditions and also contains tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund 
other than as set forth in the Offering Memorandum and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The information contained herein must 
be kept strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the General Partner of the Access Fund 
and the General Partner of the Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in 
the Access Fund. There are important differences between the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund described in the Presentation. An investment in 
the Access Fund is not suitable for all investors. Prospective investors should be aware that investing in the Access Fund involves a high degree of 
risk. There can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital will exist and prospective investors must be prepared to bear capital losses that 
may result from investments. There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Access Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in the Access Fund, prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and expenses charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the 
fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or 
management fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Investors should 
have the financial ability and willingness to accept the risk characteristics of the Access Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of interest may arise 
between the General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of interest are described more fully in the Offering Memorandum. 
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and them can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Prospective investors 
should also bear in mind that past or targeted portfolio characteristics are not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and there can be no 
assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio characteristics or that target portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of investments 
can go down as well as up. In addition, there can be no assurance that unrealized investments will be realized at the valuations shown as actual 
realized returns will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposition, 
any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may be different from the assumptions on which the valuations contained 
herein are based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any management fees, carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by 
investors. which in the aggregate may be substantial. Therefore, actual performance of the Underlying Fund after deduction of such fees and expenses 
would be lower than the gross performance reflected in this Presentation. Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower returns than 
investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the additional fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund. Nothing contained herein should be deemed to be prediction or projection of future performance of the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund. 
iCapital. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038573 
SDNY_GM_00184757 
EFTA01353981

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353982.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Deride' Management 
Important Information (Continued) 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund, which would have the effect of lowering the net returns experienced by an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only and are provided for the purpose of making general market data available as 
a point of reference only. 
Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be available for direct investment, may be unmanaged, assume 
reinvestment of income, do not reflect the impact of any trading commissions and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations when 
used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other reasons, may have different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are suitable only for eligible, long-term investors who are willing to forgo liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite period 
of time. They may be highly illiquid and can engage in leverage and other speculative practices that may increase the volatility and risk of loss. 
Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than traditional investments. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before 
investing. Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging, short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• 
Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utilized; Absence of 
information regarding valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund or the 
General Partner or Manager of the Underlying Fund or their respective officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or employees, agents or 
affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, shareholder, employee or agent of any such affiliate). 
The offering of interests is not, and 
should not be considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the Underlying Fund. Moreover, none of the Access Fund, the General Partner of 
the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates has the right to participate in the control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management 
fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Returns to limited partners in 
the Access Fund will be lower than those from a direct investment in the Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC'). 
The 
registrations and memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has endorsed the entities, products or services discussed herein. Additional 
Information is available upon request. 
iCapital. 
ST:RICIt" CONFIDENTIAL 
I . TN.: - 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038574 
SDNY_GM_00184758 
EFTA01353982

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353983.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Additional Disclosures Regarding Certain Risk Factors 
The risks associated with investing in a private equity fund generally include: 
• Limited Regulatory Oversight - Since private equity funds are typically private investments, they do not face the same oversight and scrutiny from 
financial regulatory entities such as the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC') and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as 
regulated investment companies, (i.e., open-end or closed-end mutual funds) including requirements for such entities to provide certain periodic 
pricing and valuation information to investors. Private equity offering documents are not reviewed or approved by the SEC or any US state 
securities administrator or any other regulatory body. Also, managers may not be requited by law or regulation to supply investors with their 
portfolio holdings, pricing, or valuation information. 
• Portfolio Concentration; Volatility - Many private equity funds may have a more concentrated or less diversified portfolio than an average mutual 
fund. While a more concentrated portfolio can have good results when a manager is correct, it can also cause a portfolio to have higher volatility. 
• Strategy Risk - Many private equity funds employ a single investment strategy. Thus, a private equity fund may be subject to strategy risk, 
associated with the failure or deterioration of an entire strategy. 
• Use of Leverage and Other Speculative Investment Practices - Since many private equity fund managers use leverage and speculative investment 
strategies such as options, investors should be aware of the potential risks. When used prudently and for the purpose of risk reduction, these 
instruments can add value to a portfolio. However, when leverage is used excessively and the market goes down, a portfolio can suffer 
tremendously. When options are used to speculate (i.e., buy calls, short puts), a portfolio's returns can suffer and the risk of the portfolio can 
increase. 
• Valuations - Further there have been a number of high profile instances where private equity fund managers have mispriced portfolios, either as an 
act of fraud or negligence. 
• Performance - Past performance is not necessarily indicative and is not a guarantee of a private equity fund's future results or performance. Some 
private equity funds may have little or no operating history or performance and may use hypothetical or pro forma performance that may not reflect 
actual trading done by the manager or advisor and should be reviewed carefully. Investors should not place undue reliance on hypothetical or pro 
forma performance. 
• Limited Liquidity - Investors in private equity funds have limited rights to transfer their investments. In addition, since private equity funds are not 
listed on any exchange, it is not expected that there will be a secondary market for them. Repurchases may be available, but only on a limited 
basis. A private equity fund's manager may deny a request to transfer if it determines that the transfer may result in adverse legal or tax 
consequences for the private equity fund. 
• 
Tax Risks — Investors in certain jurisdictions and in private equity funds generally may be subject to pass-through tax treatment on their investment. 
This may result in an investor incurring tax liabilities during a year in which the investor does not receive a distribution of any cash from the fund. in 
addition, an investor may not receive any or only limited tax information from private equity funds and may not receive tax information from 
underlying managers in a sufficiently timely manner to enable an investor to file its return without requesting an extension of time to Me. In certain 
jurisdictions a lack of tax information may result in an investor being taxed on a deemed basis at an adverse rate of tax. 
• Fees and Expenses - Most private equity funds charge both an asset-based management fee and a performance-based incentive fee or allocation. 
As a result, the fees and expenses associated with private equity investing may exceed those of a long-only mutual fund. 
• Reliance on Fund Manager Lack of Transparency - A private equity fund's manager or general partner has total investment authority over the 
private fund. There is often a lack of transparency as to a private equity fund's underlying investments. Because of this lack of transparency, an 
investor may be unable to monitor the specific investments made by the private equity fund or to know whether the investments are consistent with 
the private equity fund's historic investment philosophy or risk levels. Due to the risks mentioned above, it is important to perform proper due 
diligence in evaluating and choosing private equity fund managers to place your money with. There have been occasions when private equity fund 
managers took on too much risk in their portfolio and lost a substantial amount of their investors' money. 
iCapital. 
STRICTL'r. CONFIDENTIAL 
• 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038575 
SDNY_GM_00184759 
EFTA01353983

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353984.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US183 Dimension Capital Management 
Summary of Key Terms 
This is a summary of terms only. This summary of the Access Funds terms is qualified in its entirety by the Private Placement Memorandum of the Access Fund, as may be amended and 
restated or supplemented from time to time, and the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Access Fund. 
Fund Name 
General Partner 
Investment Manager 
Structure 
Strategy 
Minimum Commitment 
Target Size 
Fund Term 
Underlying Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Access Fund' 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). LP 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited 
Glendower Capital. LLP 
English Private Fund Limited Partnership 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP, LLC 
Capital Advisors, LLC 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market globally 
million 
75 b:ll:on 
years from the date of the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date' plus up to 5 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions are at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF IV 
advisory committee) 
For the purposes of making investments and/or paying expenses generally upon 
business da
'prior written notice 
Four years from the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date' 
An AIF MD-compliant depositary will be appointed by the Fund prior to the 
Underlying Fund's first closing. This first closing will not occur prior to the date on 
which such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the 
Underlying Fund's depositary and fund administrator 
Debevoise 8 Plimpton LLP 
Audited annual accounts as well as unaudited quarterly financial statements (2nd 
and 3rd quarters only) and unaucited quarterly capital account statements 
N/A 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
The Access Fund will invest substantially all of its investable assets into the 
Underlying Fund 
5250.000 
N/A 
The Access Fund will continue in existence through the one-year anniversary of the me
dissolution of the Underlying Fund (and accordingly, shall extend automatically 
upon the extension of the Underlying Fund's term), with two additional one-year 
optional extension periods at the discretion of its General Partner 
Capital Calls 
Investment Period 
Administrator 
Legal Counsel 
Reporting 
Placement Fee 
Management Feel 
Investment Period 
Two Years after the end 
of the Investment Period 
Thereafter throtaft the 
end of the Fund term,' 
Carried Interest 
Subsequent Closing Fee 
(if not first close) 
Generaly upon 7 business days' notice 
N/A 
Third Party Administrator 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen 8 Hamilton LLP 
Quarterly reports. capital account statements and year-end audited financial 
statements 
Up to 2.00% payable to DBSI or an affiliate thereof?
Net of 15 basis point discount against Underlying Fund fees reserved for 
Access fund only 
1.10% of Committed Capital' 
0.85% of Invested Capital' 
The greater of 90% of previous year and 0 25% of Invested Capital 
50% after an 800% preferred return with a 100% GP catch-up and full 
clawback 
Higher of (a) Three-month USD LIBOR plus 2 00% and (b) 800% 
Access Fund 
During Investment 
Years Following 
L Commitment 
Period( 
Investment Penod5
-------- ----- 
---
<53 million 
- <55 million 
a 75% 
L 
intlIton+t-
00% 
0.75% 
025% 
60% 
25% 
No additional carried interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
Same as the Underlying Fund, including contributions made by Feeder investor;-1
for fees and expenses of the Feeder 
Thereafter 1 
> of 90% I 
of previous 
year or
0.25%5
iCapital. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038576 
SDNY_GM_00184760 
EFTA01353984

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353985.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Deride' Management 
Summary of Key Terms 
Note: Investors in the Access Fund will be subject to fees, expenses and performance compensation of the Underlying Fund in addition to 
the Access Fund Fee and Access expenses and will experience lower returns than investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as 
a result of the fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access Fund. DBSI will receive an additional fee, directly or 
indirectly from the Underlying Fund (or its affiliates thereof). 
1) Final Admission Date shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later 
date as determined by the General Partner and consented to by the Advisory Committee. 
2) DBSI in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee payable by any particular Limited Partner. 
3) The Access Fund Management Fee will be split between iCapital Advisors and DBSI, with a substantial portion rebated to DBSI. Please see the 
Private Placement Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. 
4) Calculation basis = Limited Partner's capital commitment. 
5) Calculation basis = Invested Capital as fully defined in the Underlying Fund LPA (generally, Invested Capital at the Underlying Fund is the amount 
of capital invested in investments and the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved for such investments.) 
6) Investors making a subscription equal to or greater than $5 million have the option of investing directly into the Underlying Fund at the Underlying 
Fund's discretion. Any direct investors will not receive the 15 bps discount against management fees from the Underlying Fund. Investors who 
invest directly into the Underlying Fund will not be subject to Access Fund expenses. 
Note: DBSI also acts as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will receive related marketing fees. Please see the Private Placement 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. Neither Glendower Capital, LLP nor iCapital Advisors. LLC are affiliated with DBSI. 
iCapital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038577 
SDNY_GM_00184761 
EFTA01353985

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353986.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI83 Dimension Capital Management 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
LY ,..ONFOENTIAL 
2' QUARTER 2018 
ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED 
PURCHASERS ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 8(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038578 
SDNY GM_00184782 
EFTA01353986

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353987.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353987.pdf
----------------------------------------
DL DUST ea Dimension Capeat Management 
Disclaimer 
This confidential presentation (this °Presentation•I is being communicated to a limited number of sophisticated persons reach a 'Recipient') by Glendower Capital. LL.P ?Glendower') which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 
ity, tor the purpose of providing certain stmenaiy information about certain existing and future funds and accounts that are 
managed or advised by Glendower, including in connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund to be known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP P$OF 
IV or the 'Fund') The information included in this Presentation is being made available to Recipients on a strictly confidential basis and may not be disclosed or discussed with any person other than 
any Recipient's affiliates or protessloral advisers who are bound by obligations of confidentiality on a need to know basis Any past performance information herein Is not necessarily indicative et 
future results and actual performance may differ materially from any projected or forecasted performance. This Presentation is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision and 
Recipients must not rely on this Presentation as part of any assessment of whether to substeitia for interests in the Fund This Presentation may not he used for and does not constitute an offer to sail. 
or a solicitation of any otter to subscribe for or purchase any interests or to engage in any other transaction 
The information in this Presentation is intended to facilitate discussion and is not 
necessarily meaningful or complete without such supplemental discussion 
Each Recipient should consult its own attorney. business adviser and tax adviser as to alga€, business, tax, accounting and related matters corceming the eitormetion c✓:rained herein and any future 
offering of S0F IV. Neither Glendower nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty to any Recipient regarding the legality of an investment en the Fund, the income or tax 
consequences, or the suitability• of an investment for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intended for distribution. and shall not be distributed. in arty jurisdiction 'where such distribution weauld violate applicable securities laws. 
This Presentation can only be offered to Accredited investors & Qualified Purchasers. This material is personal to each offense and may only be used by those persons to inhom it has ben landed 
out. It is being provided to you upon your request for information concerning the Fund Strictly not tor redistribution. 
Please refer to the 'Important Information,' 'Key Definitions.' important Infonnation on the Track Record.' 'Important Information for Recipients in Certain Jurisdictions' and 'Notes to Investment 
Performance' sections at the end of this Presentation for further important information, including a list of defined terms and in respect of the performance information presented herein. 
All references in this Presentation to 
or-U5$' are to US dollars. 
Statements herein are made as of March 31. 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038579 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184763 
EFTA01353987

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353988.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capdal Management 
What is secondary private equity 
A primary private equity ("PE") investment is a direct investment into a PE fund at its inception 
- These funds typically contain few or no underlying assets at the time of investment 
- They usually have twelve to fifteen years of fund life remaining 
A secondary PE investment is an investment into existing PE-backed companies 
- Traditionally via the purchase of fund interests where the buyer acquires the selling investor's interests in a primary fund's 
remaining assets as well as taking on their commitments to meet capital calls in the future 
- This is typically 5+years into a primary PE fund's life but can be at any time 
- Given the absence of trading markets, secondary transactions are less efficient, can be complex and buyers require expertise 
and resources 
The secondary private equity market initially developed as a liquidity tool for primary PE investors. It has since 
expanded over the last two decades to include: 
- The sale and purchase of Limited Partner ("LP") interests in PE funds 
- The sale and purchase of direct PE investments and portfolios 
- Bespoke liquidity solutions for General Partners ("GPs") generally called GP-led restructurings including spin-outs, tail-end 
restructurings, asset liquidations, LP replacements and bespoke fund extensions 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038580 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184764 
EFTA01353988

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353989.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353989.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Benefits of secondary private equity investing 
Attractiveness of secondary opportunities1
Pricing 
Flexibility 
Mitigate Blind 
Pool Risk 
Mitigate J-
Curve 
Complement 
Portfolio 
Construction 
- Re-price existing funded assets 
- Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
- Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
- Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash flows 
- Shorter duration of investments 
- Earlier cash distributions 
- Accelerate deployment of capital 
- Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure across vintage, 
strategy, industry and geography 
Secondaries can result in earlier cash flows' 
In 'WO 
1.400 
1,200 
1.000 
800 
600 
400 
200 
(Z10) 
(400) 
(COO) 
(8001 
Hypothetical 
timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
.* I 
Timeframe of secondary investment 
Years
Capital calls and management fees 
Distributions 
Cumtlabve cash flows 
(It This information is for riiiP .0 t`,5 
purposes an<1 reflrrcts Glendower Capitals own analysis. The graph is an example roe illtrstrative purposes only and the actual profile of any given investment may vary substantially. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038581 
SDNY_GM_00184765 
EFTA01353989

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353990.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capdal Management 
Why invest in secondary private equity today? 
Secondaries market is 
strong at with US$58 
billion of deal volume in 
2017 
Pricing for funds 
stable but differentiated 
GP-led deals are 
evolving and growing 
Steady supply of 
tail-end funds 
- US$2.8 trillion of primary private equity NAV + unfunded 
- US$600 billion locked in funds 9+ years old 
- Secondary pricing steady at 93% of NAV in 2017 
- Price dispersion between high & low quality GPs / funds is increasing 
- Bespoke liquidity solutions including spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset 
liquidations, LP replacements, bespoke fund extensions 
- These deals represent 24% of the market 
- Number of tail-end funds coming to market increasing, but overall US$ value 
decreasing due to smaller remaining NAV 
- Lack of NAV growth results in trading at moderate discounts 
The information set out in this ..Aide is for Mushy -. 
Secondary market 
remains strong, 
increasingly driven by 
post crisis funds 
GP-led secondary 
transactions growing 
faster than market 
Distinctive investment 
strategies continue to 
seek attractive deals 
imsos only and summarizes Glendower's analysis of certain information set out over the slides in Section 3 'Secondary Market Update' of the. oresentabrAi 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038582 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184766 
EFTA01353990

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353991.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 D,mensmn Captal Management 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONE DENTAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038583 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184767 
EFTA01353991

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353992.pdf
----------------------------------------
GIDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
I ntroductiont" 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF IV") 
Glendower Capital is an independent secondary private equity manager owned by its partners 
- Fully funded and operational since its team spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1st, 2017 
- Glendower continues to advise and manage the legacy SOF Program with US$3 billion of third-party client assets 
Our mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
- Strong buyout-like performance with an attractive risk profile, early cash flows and negligible loss ratio 
- Mature SOF Funds show 1.7x Net Multiple and over 20% Net IRR, overall program shows 1.5x Net Multiple and 23% Net IRR 
Glendower Capital is launching SOF IV to continue the successful value-investing strategy pursued since 2006 
- Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality managers globally 
- Across a range of transactions: traditional fund secondaries, GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
- With focus on value creation through in-depth fundamental analysis as opposed to deal structuring and leverage 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior fund 
- In the process of closing US$1.3 billion in a first close in May with ca. 50 investors 
- Second close before the summer at or above target and final closing in 4Q18 
- Active pipeline with two deals for US$200 million closing in May / June and two near term opportunities for additional US$200 million 
(2) Perfamence tigurea haye been calculated base:3 
tine uraudted mfortitarce results of S0F:. S.C..
ac.e. 
si as te ta:Metube: A 
ans. areaua. 
load art:: .e,Itettee 
the 
dye, 
Information" and -Notes to the Investment Performance.' sections of this presentation. The "Notes to Investment Performance section in particular includes. among other things. a desciiption of the terms tared in the 
tables above and sets forth !floaters. gtudefines and limitations as to the performers:re described above. Net p-erforrname data relleas amourds net of expenses. feel and CEETISti interest. lrweetors should consult with 
the own kittOWer₹ as to tit envoy:nate tactors to be outtedezed i n evesiatiri this inlanstdion Past perfismance is not a prediction of the kfle 
performance of SOF. SOF D. SOF II a SOF lit but es included to 
demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or that any target results will be achieved 
C-iendower Capita Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. t. P. PSOF IV or the "Ftrart is being foymed by Gkindower Conde!. LIP YOlenr ererl. wirer' is authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial torwitzl 
Authority 
The Fund is sec kirg USS1 7$ billion in total comnutments with the aim of generating attractive risk adjusted investment returra principally in the form of capital appreciation. through the, acquisition hokling 
and disposition of a diverse bort*Iro a investments incitAnti buyout' growth capital. ‘Panti.se capital special sass/tons, tumaieund mezzanine. digressed opportunities. real
realestate art infrastructure assets from Ilea 
secondary market The Fund will target globally but priniaril' in the 115 and Europe (0 the acquisition of inteiests in established generalist and specialist private equity fund stiucturos tincludirg funds of funds. fetaei 
fords and other similar sirtatures1 on the secondary market (eatsu:li fund or Imo:aura. a 'Fuld Secondary i. fin the acquisition of interests in DOIMAXA of private eouty assets on the secondary market in transactions 
with greater complexity aicluding Spinera Spl'I.OttS. taisend otistiuctizing assotriquidati‘en. and IP tenders teach 
invevment inteyest a .GP-led Secyaridervi. arid 
inveginents is an individuar pattolui conipaey 
alongside private equity fund sponsois teach such investment. a 'Single. Asset Dear). 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038584 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184768 
EFTA01353992

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353993.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capeai Management 
Glendower Capital Overview 
Established investment team active in the secondary market since 2003' 
Glendower Capital at a glance 
Independent 
partnership 
Established 
platform 
Seasoned 
team 
- Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank in 2017 
- Privately owned by its partners, fully funded 
- Senior team has worked together for 15 years 
- US$3 billion in total client assets2
- London and New York offices 
- 23-strong team expected to grow to 28+ by 2H18 
- 16 investment professionals with an average of 
years of relevant experience 
Extensive 
database & 
relationships 
- Invested in over 350 fund interests over 90 deals 
- Screened thousands of funds over 10 years 
Established 
operational 
processes 
- Integrated, self-contained processes 
- Developed by the Team over 10 years 
Team's history 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli. 
Charles Smith. 
Chi Cheung, 
Deirdre Davies & 
Francesco 
Rigamonti start 
working together to 
Team 
Tearn 
Team 
restructure USS6bn 
raises 
raises 
raises 
Deutsche Bank PE 
SOF 
SOF- D 
SOF Ili 
proprietary portfolio 
USS565in 
USS147m 
L1S51 550n 
--• 
2003 
2005 2006 2007 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and 
Charles Smith co-found 
the SOF business, a 
self-contained unit with 
its own investment and 
operational processes 
r1 j Period since 2003 includes time spent by members ()line core senior management team et Deutsche Bank 
121 Artuai committed to SOF Funds. 
(3) SOF Cl is a Euro denominated furr.l. UST values have been converted at the September 30 2017 EURIUSS late of 1.1822. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Adam 
Graev 
opens New 
York Office 
• 
• 
2010 2011 
Team 
raises 
SOF a 
LiS$514 m 
• 
Entire 15-strong 
investment team & 
COO spins-off 
from Deutsche 
Bank in Aug 2017 
to form Glendower 
2014 
2017 
Glendower engaged by 
Deutsche Bank as 
advisor and delegated 
portfolio manager of 
SOF Funds for 
remaining life of funds 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038585 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184769 
EFTA01353993

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353994.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Glendower Capital Team 
Core members of senior team have worked together for 15 years 
Carlo Ihrzlo-elroll 
Managing Partner, CEO - London 
Deutsche Bank. CDB Wob Tech: General Electric: 
The Boston Commaling Group 
MBA. Colunit,a cuadlr.% ath...161 SlEny Ron., 
a
Deirdre Davies 
Os 
Partner, COO - London 
Deutsche Bank: ABN Mn: AVMS 
n K7^. 
Send., 
, 
Rikesh Mohandoss 
Principal, 
New York 
years with the team 
Jonathan Room. 
0*
Associate, 
London 
years with the team 
Louise Schoeman 
CA .>
Vice President, Finance. 
London 
Repined team in 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner, CIO - London 
Deulsone Bank; Bankers Trust: 
Coopers 8 Lybrand 
hiA, Cambridge Uneen.it,i; ALMA 
Joshua Glaser 
O 
Partner, Client Coverage - New York 
Deutsche Bank: Paul Capital: Forum Capital; 
CIBC Oppenheimer 
BS. Tufts U1S,e1111 
g,
 Devrup Banenee 
w 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
Doug O'Connell 
Associate, 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
Katherine Weaver 
41) 
Principal, Funds CFO, 
New York 
years with the team 
tit 
Aldrich Chan 
O'S
Vice President, 
New York 
years with the loam 
Rafael Enrique; - !leaks 
O 4-
Associate. 
New York 
Joined in 2018 
(hiring - 1018] 
Vice President, Fund 
Controller. New York 
Adam Gram 
Partner - New Y041( 
Deutsche Bank: Pomona: Lehman Brothers: 
ChattegeolSoros: Cowen 
BA. Cnle.ne Ihinerikeit
Emilio Olmos 
Managing Director - London 
ADM. UBS. Deutsche Bank. Credit Suisse 
inalftechnie 
Philippe Ferneini 
O
. 
ArN 
4.111F 
Vice President. 
London 
years vath the learn 
Sheldon Lee 
O 4 0 
Analyst, 
London 
Jailed in 2018 
ai
RoSek :int year.. 
ul e, / .,,k,,,,,. 
Chi Cheung 
741IP 
Partner - London 
Deutsche Bank 
MA. CurnItrelne Ulmer et.* 
Francesco Rigamonti 
Senior Advisor - London 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo & Co 
MBA. unprorsrly 
. . • 
MA. Milan Urrw. 
Victoria Loidl 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
(luring - 10181 
U 
Associate, 
London 
[hiring -10181 
a 
Maxine Turner 
S 
%lib 
Vice President, Tax, New 
Executive Assistant 
York 
London 
years with the learn 
Elena Sinirnova 
Vice President. 
London 
years vaih the team 
Helena Turley 
, 
Client Relations. 
London 
Reloined team in 2017 
Maria Dimon-Franklin 
Executive Assistant 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038586 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00 184770 
EFTA01353994

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353995.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1113 Dimension Capdal Management 
Established track record 
SOF Funds as of September 30, 2017A 2 3
Fund 
SOF 
Vintage 
2006 
(development stage) 
(harvesting) 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
Total 
Fund size 
US$565m 
US$147m 
US$614m 
US$1,654m 
US$2,980m 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
/ 154 / 1,774 
/ 28 / 193 
/ 75 / 737 
/ 149 / 2,837 
Gross multiple 
2.1x 
3.0x 
1.7x 
1.4x 
1.6x 
Gross IRR 
29% 
37% 
23% 
31% 
28% 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
1.8x 
2.3x 
1.5x 
1.3x 
1.5x 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
1.8x 
2.1x 
1.2x 
0.3x 
0.9x 
Net IRR 
22% 
29% 
20% 
30% 
23% 
Peak net contributed capital 
26% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
(I) Priffennance figures 113‘re ben calculated tarred On the unaudted performance results of SOF. SOF 0. SOF and SOF III as of September 30 2017 and shotad he mad and reviewed in conjunction sith the 'Iniportert 
information and 'Notes to Performance Inkirmation' sectors of this presentation. Cron returns are press of fees. expenses arc carried merest. Net performance reflecta amounts net of expenses tees arlo carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the appropriate factors to be considerecf'in evalinting this information. Past pedomnance is not a prediction of the futive performance of SOF. SOF ID SOF 
it w. SOF III bud's Eltek1/4104 
dal:ion:watts the traca record of the Glendower SOF Tt,arri anti awe can be no assurance that SOF IV vali re:fiance eornparaba, revAls or that any liltaNt nwilts volt be acitithA.i See 
important information on the Track Record' sectors of this Pl'erSelliW0t1. 
(2) SOF 0 is a Euro denominated tint US$ v2Autiti have been converting at September 30. 2,7st alleliSt rate oft 1322. 
(3) Both SOF and SOF I) are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio - a well diversified portfolio of 2e private equity funds purchased through an SPV. providing exposure to buyout. special situations. venture capital and real 
estate saat4es al North America. Europe and Asia The number of kalttS arid companies IS a best estimate and WM'S* the ewer/A of &wr it deal at cfosirsa LEW may 
some double courting. 
(4) IVPI Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI if Distributions to Paid in Capital: IRR r  Internal Rate of Return. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038587 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184771 
EFTA01353995

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353996.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353996.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLD0S183 Dimension Capdal Management 
Consistent top returns among peers 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performance' 7'3
Secondary funds: Net IRR4 to limited partners 
Secondary funds: Net multiples to limited partners 
50% - 
45% - 
40% - 
35% 
et 30% - 
ix 
1; 25% - 
5% - 
0% 
+ Upper Quartile 
S0F 
22% 
t 
Lower Quartile 
• Median 
SOF D 
29% 
SOF II 
20% 
SOF III 
30% 
5x 
0.5x • 
0.0x 
SOF 
TVPI = 1.84x 
DPI = 1.80x 
SOF D 
TVPI =2.3x 
DPI = 2.1x 
SOF II 
TVPI = 1 5x 
DPI= 1.2x 
SOF III 
TVPI = 1 3x 
DPI = 0.3x 
'04 
'05 
'06 
'07 
'08 
'09 
'10 
'11 
'12 
'13 
'14 
• Index DPI 
Index RVPI 
SOF funds DPI 
SOF funds RVPI 
11) Source' Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as ol September 30. 2017 based on data complied from 140 secondary tu [xi:: with a 'Mi!ut—win Efunds poi ,ear. \-itxtino fully liquidated partnerships. 
fanned between '04 awl 2014 E4(11 SOF Fund its shovm bendanarked against their respeet 
vintage peer uttyyp.This informsion reflectsa comparison of 
sor 
s 
arid SOF 
performs-te against one 
benchmark a=y; quart*ee may differ When bon1Pared to other Percher:Joking soirees. S 
we 
OF. SOF J. SCir ri and SOF Ili data isnot included in the data set used to calculate the berichnlaitt data 
(21 +-damnation veseirted in this chart its based on the marched results of SOF, SOF 0. SOF II and SOF 
as vi September lid. 2017 and st•culd be read and reeds/fed in wnµoxban with the important Information" and 
P:aies to Investment Performance Intamat-orl sections of this 40c0nlielt 
(31 Past performance is n'$ a prediction of the future I>0110fOtert6 of SOF. SOF 0, SOF or SOF HI but is included to denionstrae the track record Ld the Gler4ower SOF Team. 
(41 internal rates of returns are net of fees. expenses and tamed interest. Cambridge Assoaates research shows that most funds trice at feast six years to settle irto their final quartile ranlung. and I:et-ell/US to this settling 
they 1W+la)l'Y rank in 2-3 atlwi ftrailifiltik libul•fore fond or bencl‘4113lb PfdlornlxXle Metrics from mole recent vintage years may be less meaningful. Median, is the, muddle fund IRR of Ms Tarp of individual fund iRRs 
mrzspiss m a vintage year imintintn 3 tundsr. Lipper/ lower quartile are lit threshos for the upped 
4t"X and 
(batom 
quartixis based on th+ indrindual heel:I:Rs me€uded in a :nrtage year and ar used 
in conlunillon with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum 3 fiords). 
CS3 DPI 
Distribeliors to aid-€n Capital: Rini 'a Residual Vitra to Paid-in Capitt. TYPE:: Total Valve to Paidim Capita:!. TVPI. RVPI ard 
are pooled retvin ar-iregating all cash Pews and endiiv *Ws in a sample to 
calculate a dollariereighted return.
Glendower 
Capital 
STRIC"FLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038588 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184772 
EFTA01353996

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353997.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capdal Management 
Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profile' 
SOF Funds outperform Cambridge Associates buyout top-quartile benchmark 
TVPI in line with top-quartile buyout funds... 
...With a secondary cashflow profile 
SOF III 
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
DPI2
23x 
2.0x 
1.5x 
I.Ox 
0.5x 
0.0x 
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Buyout Top Quartile .50F Program 
Vintage Year 
Delivering a compelling risk / reward profile 
Net IFR2
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
(1) Source: Cambridge Awl:sates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. This information neffects a comparison of SOF. SOF D. SOF II & SOF III performance aosurtst one benchmark only 
Past 
padanhatte is ria 
grediesion c' the inure perferrnarze of SOF. SOF D, SOP 
.2i. SOF 
tem 
Iribludel to dr. rnonstisae the track !scam.' of the Glendower SOP Teens. Intormeaion-Luesandel in this duet is based en 
the unaudited results of SOF. SOF D. SOF if and SOF III as of September ?0.'017 and shouid be read and reviewed ei conjunction with the important Information' and 'Notes to InVestmerit Pertorniance information" 
ug-tons sd ties presentation 
(2) TVPI= Total Value to Paid-In Capital, DPI = Distributions to PaiMln Capital: Net IRR = Net Internal Rate of Return. TVFI and DPI are pooled return awiegating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a 
dolor-weighted return. Net IRRis ale nut of fees. everuses and carried filthiest Cambridge Associates research shows that 0166l funds take, at least six yearsto settle into thee final quartile ranking. and piryrous to lies 
iss-ttling they typioally tau* in 24 other quartiles. the.
 fume, or besot-'rank perfernsirr_oi mette.a. fcCaril more re‘erit runt:rue years mar be *Se. ME,W4.19144. Top quaniw is the eltesheid for the upper (top Va.) quart* 
based co the Individual fund IRRs included in a vintage year and are used in conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum R4 funds. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038589 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184773 
EFTA01353997

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353998.pdf
----------------------------------------
GE DDS183 Dimension Capital Management 
SOF Program compares favourably to public markets 
Performance data as of September 30, 2017'-',•5
SOF Funds have delivered attractive performance compared to major public market indices 
40% 
35% - 
30% • 
25% - 
cr 
-20%-
15% - 
10% - 
5% - 
0% 
22% 
0% 
3% 
29% 
12% 
12% 
9% 
21% 
20% 
12% 
12% 
18% 
30% 
15% 15% 
12% 
SOF (2006) 
SOF D (2010) 
SOF 11 (2011) 
SOF III (2014) 
■Glendower Net IRR 
MSCI World 
Russell 2000 
■Thomson Reuters 
______ I
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
23% 
I 
I 
15% 
9% 
7% 
SOF Program 
rl) Performance figures have been calculated basec 
. 
. 
SOF. WE D. SOF 
• 
jJ OF III as of September 30. 2017 and shock₹ he read and reviewed in conjunction vith the 'Important 
Information' and -Notes to Ferformary:E. Infonnefor 
• 
rearm:ale moss of 
expenses and carried siterest. Net perearnanoe reflects amounts net el expenses. fees aryl yarded 
interest. Investors should consult with their own aMesers as to the apPropnate Lectors to to cotaidelecEin evaitethno thus information Past perlornianca ittnot a prediction of l₹1e 'Uwe performance of SOF. SUED SOF 
or SOF III but mincluded to demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF learn and thew can be no assurance that SOF IV vet achieve comparable tevoits or that any target results will be atiseved See 
'Important Irdortnatien- and 'Metes to Investrnert Portormsesee- sections of this presentation 
12) MSC₹ World Index and Russell 2000 Index rettinm are based on total return Thomsen Retj sees Private Equity Buyout Index. Freams are based on price. These benchenaik indices do nut represent an appropriate 
berehmark to compare the performance of the
 Funds. but ratted is disclosed solely to aHo v comparison to that of certain vesakncam and wde₹y recognized indices. 
i31 Methodology. The Long Nickels method has been used to catenate the PMEs. Net cash flows or the SOF Funds are ftwicaled in each illaCk. EQI exhirt(Itt. RI when capital is drawn horn an in
 an equivalent 
areetint is in.:Jilted in this index on the spbattc data: and TE) when capital 
cksatutea to an investor c.wW is -withdrawn" from the cyder on the same d.Jrte sk thebritcal terminal vjake is generete-a based on the groste 
of the total index Net IRR 
calesiated taang the caahflovirs replicated el the index and the theoretical terminal value. Recallable distributions have been tre.aterA using the 'all in menvdt-
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038590 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184774 
EFTA01353998

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01353999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01353999.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
SOF Funds show consistent performance1
Across different fund sizes, fund vintages and economic cycles 
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
Net IRR 
30% 
100% 
min
SOF 
—SOF 11 
60% 
40% 
20% 
0% 
20% 
-40% 
27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
DPI (Distributed to Paid-In Capital) 
20A 
1.6X 
1.4X 
I 2X 
1.0x 
0.44c 
0.5x 
4X 
02X 
0.0x 
Quarters from inception 
-$PF 
seem`.SOF 
80iS 
40'.% - 
20% 
ESOP 
•••
•$<;:c 4 
HI 
11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters frominception 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid-In Capital) 
SOF 
--SOF 
---SOF III 
2.0x 
54 
1.0x 
0.5x 
OX 
3 
13 15 it 19 21 23 25 
al 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quartets fromincepton 
Caters tromneeption 
(1) Performance figures have been caltAgated based on the unaudited performance results of SOF. -SOF II and SOF III as of September '30. 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Impoltarii 
Information" and Notes to Per lormance Information sections of this presentation. Past perfonhart* is not a pi-talk-lot of lustre returns and there can be no assurance that S0F IV will acNeve comparable results or that 
any target ;vaults will pie actseved Ti%re Ls no guarantee tvel future pgettormarce will be cons-Vent with past performance of SOF. SOF II and SOF III. Performance information on SOF 0 has rot teen ir•cluded 
Irvc 
iale because SOF 0 is a single transaction top up fund raised in 2010 to Ullfierfilite pariipassu the Da Irina transactionwith SOF. Glendower does not sopc-ct that similar tram.actions will be available to SOF IV. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2U 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CR M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038591 
sDNY_Gm_oo 184775 
EFTA01353999

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354000.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354000.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 D,mensmn Captal Management 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038592 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184776 
EFTA01354000

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354001.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capri& Management 
SOF Funds positioned as mid-sized value investor 
Below large levered beta players, above small local funds 
Secondary funds raised or in fundraising 1996-20181
Fund Size 
(USS000) 
L 
..., 
.‘ 
• 
• 
• 
Levered beta play 
PE market index 
Volume-driven 
10,000  
<S1bin 
$1-3bn 
• >$3bn 
• Glendower Capital 
3,000 
• Alpha play 
M 
• Value investing 
• Selective sourcing 
1,000 
• Low barriers to entry 
a 
Cis ' 
r 
S 
• Smaller deals 
Local sourcing 
• 
O 
,..1
• Very competitive 
? 
O
O 
O 
O 
c;
O 
100 
1996 
•
SOF III 
,... b 
1—il 
/ 
. ,,
— 
: 
. 
I 
SOF II 
18! 
t. 
il ri
SO.; 
and SOF D 
O 
:),
 Cl ., 
fr.:, ,1
O 
riii 
' 
14.
ti 
..,
(3 
r  
o 
O 
O
O 
o 
O 
c 
ps 
.• 
el 
Q 
C: 
P, 
c 
c'. 
• 
SOF IV 
1998 
2000 
2002 
2004 
2006 
2008 
2010 
2012 
2014 
2016 
2018 
-10 players 
-10 players 
>50 players 
(I; Glendower Capital own market segmentation analysis. Data source. Pregin database end Glendower Capital own market intelligence as of November 2017. Includes target fund sizes for funds that are currently raising 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038593 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184777 
EFTA01354001

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354002.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension CapSal Management 
Glendower has a distinctive investment strategy 
Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality managers 
Source less competitive deals 
globally 
Average deal size of US$40m: 
• Mature fund secondaries of US$5-100m 
• Mid-market GP-led deals of USS100-250m 
• Single-asset deals of US$25-50m 
Focus on efficient portfolio 
construction 
• No leverage at transaction level and 
limited at portfolio level 
• Hedging to mitigate 50-60% of currency 
volatility 
• Portfolio diversified across ca. 35 deals to 
seek to mitigate 90%+ of non-market risk' 
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
• Transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
• Mid-sized alpha value investor vs large 
levered beta play 
• Value creation through in-depth 
fundamental analysis vs deal structuring 
Buy margin of safety 
Purchased 350+ mature fund interests at a 
discount over 10 years: 
• Average 20% discount to FMV 
• Average -80% funded at time of entry 
ill Source: Glendower's assessment based on portfolio management theory. There can be no asstrance that efforts to mitigate risk will be successful. Further. Glendower may modify its portfolio constriction cnteria at any 
time aryl in any fswmer that it LA, Wives to be f)onsneent %Mtn iw overoli investmentrAddivN in reaper:se to nialkst within:its or other l*:torit withut notice to io.vestors. 
information prodded as at September 30, 2017 Thee can be no assurance that the strategy will be successful in the future or that losses will be avoided. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184778 
DB-SDNY-0038594 
EFTA01354002

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354003.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Captal Management 
Disciplined barbell approach adjusted to market cycles 
Dialling up / down deal types relative to segment attractiveness 
Description 
Fund Secondaries 
GP-led Secondaries 
Traditional purchase of fund interests: 
Be-spoke liquidity solutions: 
Single Asset Deals 
Purchase of interests in single assets: 
• Single LP position 
• Restructuring of existing funds 
• GP-led secondaries of one asset 
• Portfolios of LP positions 
• Spin-outs 
• Fundless sponsor deals 
• Fund of funds 
• Recapitalizations 
• Secondary co-investments 
• LP tenders 
• Portfolios of assets 
• Co-investments 
Markets 
• Many participants 
• Fewer participants with demonstrated underwriting capabilities 
• 10-15% IRR / 1.3-1.4x MOIC gross 
• 15-20% IRR / 1.6-1.7x MOIC gross 
Buy aggressively during periods of 
Buy selectively during periods 
Glendower Capital 
high volatility and illiquidity 
of low volatility and high liquidity 
Deal size 
Expected allocation 
Deals since 20072
Gross returns2
SOF (harvested)3
SOF II (maturing)3
SOF III (early stage)3
US$5-100m 
US$100-250m 
US$25-50m 
40-60% 
Up to 40% 
Up to 20% 
transactions 
42% IRR and 2.2x MOIC 
20% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
48% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
transactions 
9% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
30% IRR and 1.9x MOIC 
36% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
transactions 
18% IRR and 3.0x MOIC 
21% IRR and 1.7x MOIC 
2% IRR and 1.0x MOIC 
3 
market oturnis Lased on veal triarkeit intelligence. 
i2) As of September X30. 21317. Gross returns do not reflect the priority profit share, carried inter,st. taxes transaction costs and other expenses. Performance haves have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance rgsvas and shoald be read and reareared in corps-4:ton %Nth the 'Importers Inforrnaon" aid 'Notes
the investment Perforrnanc-a' sections 
the per
above 
investment Ferlormarr.e' 
section in particular Includes. among other things. a desorption of the terms used in the tables above and sets forth important guidelines and limitations as to the performance descrbed
 Past petformance rs no te
a 
of the lutuie p.erformance 
(3) For fund-levet net returns please refer to the overall transaction summaries for SOF. SOF II and SOF III on pages 43. 45 and 47. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184779 
DB-SDNY-0038595 
EFTA01354003

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354004.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Deader Management 
GP-led transactions can present an attractive risk-reward profile  
Glendower Capital has been active since 2007 in this space 
GP-Led transactions have significantly evolved over the last 5 years 
- Deals in the early days were often associated with (quasi) zombie GPs and were not always crafted in the best interest of existing LPs 
- Today, quality managers are proactively providing liquidity options to their LPs, often with an advisor retained to validate the process 
GP-led opportunities can present a number of advantages over a traditional acquisition of a LP interest 
- An accretive and complementary strategy to the mainstream secondary dealflow 
- Glendower has developed an extensive track record' over 15 transactions with gross c.1.6x MOIC / 22% Gross IRR2
- In-depth due diligence on GPs and their teams 
- In-depth due diligence on concentrated portfolios, including onsite meetings with underlying companies' management teams 
- Bespoke design of a new fund and its terms to provide full re-alignment of interests between the GP and Glendower: 
Budgeted fees, significant GP co-investment, and ratcheted carried interest structure 
- Incentivisation / protection of specific individuals within the GP that are key to generate value in the existing portfolio 
Negative governance rights, including veto rights on add-on investments, recapitalizations, etc. 
- Limited to no use of leverage / deferred structures 
- underwriting returns based on attractive entry price and portfolio value creation 
t I) As ct September 3 
2017. Performance figures have been cSct4 ed based on Ibe fasaudited performance results and should be read and reviesed in cortsmeton vAh the -important Inforrnatr.in" and 'Wes to the 
Investment Performance' sections of this presentation, I he 'Notes to Investment Perfomtance section in particular includes. among other things. a description of the terms used In the tables above and sets forth 
irrexirtard.otridelires and lima:etre& este the perfonnen& described stow Past performance 
nc* a r.trediebon of the filtrol Mr[04rerattb. 
(2 Please refer to the overall transaction summaries for SOF, SOF 0, SOF II and SOF III on pages 43. 45 and 47. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2!3,
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038596 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184780 
EFTA01354004

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354005.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Rigorous sourcing and deal selection process 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
-3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions' over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in oven 350 funds globally 
• 
Wind-down of USSebn DB PE proprietary pod€olio 
Fitters 
Filters 
Filters 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c. 100 transactions' 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer. own spin-off 
Source- Glete . Capital pipraateay information as at 15 R.4aich 2018. r4i.--nber of trane.erLicos me.:1,-ties 
inieee4moils armi splits out transactions oftikki have, been atm:1,441.d in one, &3,1 for rer.tetinr; 
purpose:a 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038597 
SDNY_GM_00 184781 
EFTA01354005

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354006.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capdal Management 
Fund Secondaries transactions 
liustrative case studies 
.f> 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Discounts 
Funds I 
assets / 
region 
Seller 
Description 
tti 
Erg 
0› 
2c
a
c
Cry 
Eta 
(Se.
9. :a
ON 
Modigliani 
(SOF II) 
US$38m 
34% 
funds 
225 assets 
European 
family offices 
• Proprietary deals from family offices redeploying capital away from PE 
• Liquidity solution on complex illiquid feeder funds structured to address 
Global 
tax and legal requirements 
I 
I 
Globally diversified portfolio of mature (84% funded) funds managed by 
CD&R, Apollo, Carlyle, KKR, Apax, MidOcean, MSREF, CDH 
Whitney 
(SOF II) 
USS64m 
27% 
fund 
assets 
US 
pension fund 
• Single LP position in fully funded European LBO fund managed by KKR 
• US seller redeploying capital away from Europe during 2012 crisis 
Europe 
• Short fuse process with few pre-selected bidders 
 
• SOF Team knew fund well 
• Attractive structure with significant purchase price deferral 
Flute 
US$54m 
funds 
Sovereign 
Seller motivated to wind down portfolio by year end 
(SOF III) 
26% 
500+ assets 
Global 
Wealth Fund • Mature (93% funded) portfolio of highly diversified fund interests in 17 
mid-market buyout funds spread across Europe, US and Asia 
• Top interests include funds managed by Affinity. Calera, CVC 
I 
• Attractive deferral structure with bulk of liquidity events expected in the 
first two years of the transaction 
Amy 
US$36m 
funds 
Family office • Proprietary deal tracked for five years before completion 
(SOF III) 
37% 
500+ assets 
• Seller seeking to actively manage its private equity portfolio 
Global 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature funds generating strong cash flows 
and managed by Carlyle, Blackstone, Bridgepoint and CVC 
Significant pre-closing distributions representing 25% of portfolio NAV 
 C.-.3 len d ()Wet' 
 C pital 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038598 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184782 
EFTA01354006

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354007.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capdal Management 
GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
liustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Funds / 
Seller 
Description 
Discount' 
assets / 
region 
Porter 
US$220m 
funds 
Multiple 
Motivated GP seeking to recapitalize 2006 mid-market fund and provide 
(SOF II & 
9% 
assets 
liquidity to fatigued investor base 
SOF III) 
US 
Eight US market leading companies in the construction sector with visible 
growth potential, low leverage 
• Significant downside protection through securities owned (senior, PIK 
preferred and structured notes) 
• GP known to SOF Team through prior fund investment 
Southern 
• Motivated, distressed sole LP seeking to divest its captive, non-core 
European 
private equity business 
bank 
• 33 buyout, growth equity, real estate and energy assets in 11 funds in UK, 
France, Poland, Czech Rep., Bulgaria, Macedonia and Turkey 
• Highly structured deal allowed for full asset due diligence 
• Downsized captive team led by new CEO hired by SOF Team 
Laurel 
US$147m 
fund 
(SOF II & 
24% 
assets 
SOF III) 
Europe 
lonesco 
US$28m 
asset 
(SOF II) 
NA 
Europe 
Fitzgerald II 
US$37m 
asset 
(SOF III) 
10% 
US 
 Ulendower 
 Capital 
LBO fund 
• Opportunity to underwrite attractive LBO of leading manufacturer of 
polymer substrate for bank notes 
• GP motivated to quickly syndicate investment after broken auction 
blocked by Central Banks 
Company benefited from Bank of England contract for £5 and £10 notes 
Global 
Secondary purchase of co-investment position in First Data, a leading 
bank 
payment processing company 
• Motivated seller was a bank invested in original buyout who had to sell for 
regulatory capital reasons ahead of IPO 
• Asset well known to the SOF Team 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
ra 
C. 
g 
in 
E c 
OC 
Sc 
4/t, 
-0
CL.
Om 
I 
I 
 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038599 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184783 
EFTA01354007

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354008.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 D,mensmn Captal Management 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038600 
SDNY_GM_00184784 
EFTA01354008

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354009.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDDS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Secondary market volume remains at record levels 
Market is evolving with GP-led transactions now representing 25% of volume 
Secondary market volumes 2006 - 2018F 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018F 
GP-led Secondary 
■ Fund Secondary 
Source. Glendower Capita= analysis. and own est:Oates based on Greenhill Secondary Mxrker. Trends & f_kelook, January 2018: G•eertrill GP S.:Rarer* DlectNtwn fMterata. May 2017: and Dow Jun-es Rrvater Eoraty 
Analyst Guide to the Secondary Marker. June 201! . 
F = RAW:4AI There lecrlowarmitee the eVirnate €rejhl!0!ttd 
nt erraze. 
Past market volume is not a prediction or gttarantee• of future market volume. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038601 
SDNY_GM_00184785 
EFTA01354009

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354010.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS111.3 Dimension Capdal Management 
Secondary market driven by global PE market growth... 
...And increased propensity to trade 
Total PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillion' 
US$bn 
3.000 
2,500 - 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 - 
500 - 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Ni Unrealised portfoho value 
Dry powder 
Annual secondary volumes now 1-2% of total PE2
2.2% • 
2.0% • 
1.8% 
1.6% • 
1.4% 
1.2% • 
1.0% 
0.8% • 
0.6% • 
0.4% 
0.2% 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
—As % of total PE assets 
(1) Source: 2018 Pregin Gobs! Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 2017 values as at June. 
(2) Source- Glendower Capital based on 21118 Preqin t2.4obal Private Equity & Venture Capnal 
I.11.retwihill Secondary Piliwket Tres & 
.blmacy IS; arci Dow Jones Private &Italy Analyst Guide to the 
Seconckary Itirket. June 2017. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038602 
SDNY_GM_00184786 
EFTA01354010

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354011.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS18.3 Dimension Capri& Management 
Stable secondary pricing driven by rational participants 
n 2017 average pricing of 93% of NAV as of record dates 
Secondary market pricing of private equity fund interests remains stable 
Pricing 
110 
100 
Overheated marketin 2006 and 2007 
Premiums paid for over-levered companies 
marked to the top of the market 
% of NAV 
108 
104 
Few transactions dosed atthis pricing 
Mostly unfunded LP interests 
Pricing back to normalized historical levels 
- 
Stable for 7 years at 80-90ca 
Annual volume USSbn 
.93 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Secondary market volume 
.•iiiiiiii..Secondary market pricing 
Bubble 
Crisis 
Normalized 
Smirce- Glendower eapital analysis askestinatos hexed Un Gicieriall Secondary Market Trends & Outlook 
a=n;: • 'Ail& Ccjent Part:atis Secondary Mihket "Fiords & Crib* 
:2014.; Cove 
Partner Secondwy 
Market Update, March 2CO9". aid Dow Jones Private Equky Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market. June 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038603 
SDNY_GM_00184787 
EFTA01354011

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354012.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Secondary market shows a balanced capitalization 
Strong 
US$bn 
140
120 
secondary capital supply'... 
125 
... but 
US$bn 
700 
600 
dry powder/deal volume remains balanced2
Dry Powder 
3.7x 
• Deal volume 
(*.„,"' Cry Fbw der.,
Deal Volume 
100 - 
500 
GlendowerCapital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deployin Secondaries 
400 
300 
• 
200 
1.1, 2.2x
100 
iil 
MI 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
ii) Source: Glendower Capital estimai 
(2) osue' Glendower 
Report 2018. 
Glendower 
Capital 
Secondaries 
Buyout 
a sed on Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis. January 2018. 
on 2018 Preget Global Private Foriity & %lemma Caveat Repoit. Greantia Saezeidary Pr con Trends & Analysis. Jwnsary 2018 and Bain & Company Glottal Private Egius 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184788 
DB-SDNY-0038604 
EFTA01354012

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354013.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Significant unrealized value still locked in tail-end funds 
Seller composition expected to remain diverse 
Unrealized PE value: US$600bn in pre-crisis vintages' 
Seller composition breakdown2
US$bn 
250 
200 
201 
186 
226 
193 
150 
137 
149 
144 
129 
100 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 
issztilas 
Sourer ar17 Pregin GobiA-  Private Equity S Venture Capital Reoon. 
1.2) Source. Greenhill Secondary Market Trends 8 Outlook. January• 2018 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Financial 
Institutions 
12% 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office I 
„dada 
Other 
6% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038605 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184789 
EFTA01354013

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354014.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Caprtal Management 
GP-led transactions are a growing source of supply 
Secondary bespoke liquidity solutions are now part of the GP toolkit 
GP-led transactions now represent 20-25% of the secondary market 
GPs seeking 
Brand-name 
liquidity for worse 
managers 
performing funds or 
fund term extension 
Mid-market GPs 
looking to provide a 
Quality 
• liquidity option in 
mid-market 
year 10+ or 
managers 
• bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
Under- 
Zombies looking for 
performing 
solutions make 
managers 
unlikely targets 
Illustrative transachons 
......... 
l3C Partners 
DIAMOND CAIST1.! 
YE C:7 
One Ecpady Partners 
WARMINGPlait1p. 
DNUANCED
• 
Lt^zir1/2.t.1 Can in!. 
DUKE 
STREET 
ilka:Yr-..• :Anna 
g•
 RAI] 
cny zit 
Sb
GMT 
Zurmont Madison 
STAGE 
ZOMBIE GPs 
USSbn 
a 2.4 
2.7 
1.9 
18% 
CAGR 
• . 
0.6 
1.9 
8.2 
7.1 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
9.0 
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
GP-led secondaries 
—GP-led secondaries as % of total 
(I; Sois ce. Glendower Capital analysis baited on Gieenhil Secondary Marker!' ends 3 Outlook. January 2018. and Dow Jones Private Equity Amtlyst Guide to the Secondary Market, June 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
25% 
20% 
• 15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038606 
SDNY_GM_00184790 
EFTA01354014

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354015.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 D,mensmn Captal Management 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038607 
SDNY_GM_00 184791 
EFTA01354015

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354016.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSt 83 Dimension Caprtai Management 
SOF Ill Portfolio - Highlights 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Investment strategy 
Vintage 
2014 
Fund size 
US$1.654m 
Gross invested capital 
931m 
Performance as of September 30, 2017 
Capital called 
1.036m 
Distributions. net 
316m 
0.30x 
Remaining NAV 
1.026m 
0.99x 
Total net return 
US$1.342m 
130x 
30% 
58% 
Asset geography 
Vintage year 
Europe 
45% 
North 
America 
4,4% 
RoW 
3% 
Asia 
Pacific 
8% 
• Large Buyout 
• Mid-Market Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
17% 
12% 
II 
10% 
26% 
• Pre 2005 
• 2005 - 2006 
24% 
2007 - 2008 
2009 -2011 
2012 - 2015 
2016 - 2017 
Sector composition 
As at September ?O. 2017. Past performwv.re is not a guarantee of inrIcator ci ttt zu results . and :hefe can be no assurance that Luca fund will achieve coniproable results 
'rho page should be reviewed in conjunction with the 'Important Information' and 'Notes to Irmestment Performance' sections of this Presentation 
Consumer 
Healthcare 
tali 
Industrials 
CO
Real Estate 
Financial Services 
Business Services 
CI
Technology 
 Communications & Media 
li
3% 
Natural Resources 
5% Ill 
Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038608 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184792 
EFTA01354016

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354017.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDDS183 Dimension Capital Management 
SOF Ill Portfolio - Sponsor exposure 
GPs listed below represent ca. 90% of SOF III current exposure 
Other 
e
HIGHSTAR d CA.P:TAL 
Real Estate 
COLONY 
NORTHSTAR 
Morgan Stanley 
II A RCO REAL ESTATE 
Amadeus Capital Partners 
Exposure to SOF III is based on Fair Market Value as of September 30. 2Ell 7. 
KKR 
Buyout 
Growth Equity 
rcv 
octopus venz,..res 
Palamon 
%odor—
Glendower 
Capital 
Gilds 
Buy Out 
Patton 
. iiF. Rt. i 
Os Pollen 
7.1" Street 
• 
Capital 
DUKE 
STREET 
STAG E 
tisj
Lou. Point CANTAL 
Capital 
GMT 
*MLR,..4 
'Quadrangle 
Zumont Madison 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
SMITHFI E 
ET 
ENHANCED 
EQUITY 
FUNDS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038609 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184793 
EFTA01354017

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354018.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
SOF IV - Near term pipeline 
As of March 31, 2018 
Project Code 
Deal Type 
Region 
Sunrise 
Stage 
Sourcing 
Deal Size 
SOF IV 
Description 
Investment 
• 
Restructuring of 5 asset portfolio across well-known 
GP-led 
North America 
Exclusive 
Intermediated 
$524 million 
$100 million 
brands in the restaurant and fitness sectors with a 
middle-market GP that has a very strong track record 
• 
Restructuring of a portfolio of 4 remaining companies in 
Klein 
GP-led 
EMEA 
Exclusive 
Proprietary 
€60-100 million 
€60-100 million 
the Consumer and Business Services sectors, managed 
by a UK-based middle-market GP 
• 
Penguin II 
GP-led 
Global 
Exclusive 
Proprietary 
€150 million 
€150 million 
Opportunity to invest in a GP-led transaction with key 
value drivers in the educational and industrial sectors 
• 
A 
Single Fund 
APAC 
Advanced 
Proprietary 
$6 million 
$6 million 
Insurance company selling a limited partnership interest 
in an Asian growth equity fund 
Late-stage primary investment to a fund of diversified, 
B 
Single Fund 
Global 
Advanced 
Proprietary 
$50 million 
$50 million 
senior secured, corporate credit portfolios accessed 
through CLO investments 
Funds 
Financial institution selling remaining private equity 
C 
Global 
Early Stage 
Intermediated 
$50 million 
$50 million 
portfolio, including buyout, venture capital, growth equity 
Portfolio 
and mezzanine funds 
D 
Funds 
• 
Opportunity to purchase a portfolio of 9 limited 
Global 
Early Stage 
Intermediated 
$200 million 
$200 million 
Portfolio 
partnership interests in global buyout funds 
E 
• 
Spin-off of private equity team from a financial institution 
GP-led 
APAC 
Early Stage 
Limited Process $1.4 billion 
$100+ million 
together with a portfolio of 40 companies across Asia 
Single asset 
• 
Opportunity to purchase founders shares in an existing 
F 
North America 
Early Stage 
Proprietary 
$20 million 
$20 million 
portfolio company in Project Porter. The company is a 
deal 
leading wholesaler of home decor products 
For (Ii5CtrilSICII purposes orJy There is no guarantee that any pipeline investment will complete or form part of a future invested portfolio or that it will be available or, after further due diligence, prove suitable for 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038610 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184794 
EFTA01354018

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354019.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capdal Management 
SOF IV - Project Sunrise 
Sole deal lead 
Expected Closing Date: 
April 2018 
K 
Fund Secondary 
St ' GP-led Secondary D Single Asset Deal 
Seller type: 
Alternative funds 
Key investment data 
Transaction summary 
Invested Capital at close 
ca. $100m 
Number of companies 
Discount to NAV at close 
7% 
Strategy 
Mid-market buyout 
Gross multiple at close 
1.1x 
Region 
US 
0/0 funded at close 
100% 
Industries 
Consumer 
Use of leverage 
No 
Average age at purchase 
years 
Description 
- Motivated quality GP seeking to continue growing 5 attractive mid-
market investments while providing liquidity to LPs 
- Largest two assets are franchisees of a well-known dining brand that 
has outperformed the broader dining industry over past ten years 
- Third value driver is one of the largest Tex-Mex casual dining brands in 
the US with a valuable licensing business 
- The portfolio also includes a leading burger QSR and a franchisee in 
the largest fitness brand focused on low-cost and high-value 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
- Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
- Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
Investment rationale 
- GP with strong track record 
- Attractive entry valuation at blended 7.0x LTM EBITDA multiple 
- Conservative capital structure: 2.4x leverage across the portfolio 
- Strong free cash flow and downside protection via preferred securities 
Poi disc-mils:n [imposes ory. The in:a:ear:ant pieseresd above I . s. rml cliose-d. ind there i6 no guatantere that st., 
investmeol 
ccemptc4e or fordo pail of a 
invbsted portf ic or that it 
beavailobje gr. after lute' 
due diligence. prove suitable for :3OF 
This slide should be reed and ieviewed in conjunction with the Important Information and "Important Perfre mance Information and Notes to Investment Pedormance sections. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038611 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184795 
EFTA01354019

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354020.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354020.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capri& Management 
SOF IV — Project Klein 
Exclusive deal 
El Fund Secondary 
Secondary 
K 
Single Asset Deal 
Expected Glosing Date: 
June 2018 
Seller type: 
Alternative funds 
Key investment data 
Transaction summary 
Invested Capital at dose 
E60-100m (US$80-120m) 
Number of companies 
Discount to NAV at close 
>5% 
Strategy 
Mid-market buyout 
Gross multiple at close 
1.1x 
Region 
Europe / UK 
0/0 funded at close 
80% 
Industries 
Business services / Healthcare services 
Use of leverage 
No 
Average age at purchase 
years 
Description 
- Motivated quality GP aiming to recapitalize and extend their 2007 mid-
market pan-European fund while providing liquidity to LPs 
- Key value driver is largest independent UK premium distributor in its 
segment, well positioned to benefit from market tailwinds 
- Second largest asset is a network of medical and cosmetics UK clinics 
with a private and affluent customer base 
- The portfolio also includes an Italian digital marketing company and a 
management consulting company with blue chip customers 
- Glendower Capital retains discretion on use of follow-on capital 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
- Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
- Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
- Long 15-year relationship with the GP founder 
Investment rationale 
- Four well-invested companies positioned to capture growth 
opportunities arising from ongoing changes in industry landscape 
- Key value driver led by industry veteran with a solid track record 
- Value-add potential from recently implemented cost efficiency initiatives 
- Opportunity to invest in identified follow-ons at closing, and to contribute 
additional capita! to exploit market dislocations 
—':ot disckm.sSon perposesr4y. The investment pjeserged above I . s. tme 
sect the
 is no scuatsincee that etc.,
itstestineot 
crai.ripliÅe or !Of fl‘ part og si Icgure irivasted pottfcCio 
that g *di be aitaiistge or. aftec furt1wi 
due diligence., prove sultet,» for :1‘.0F 
This. slide hauld be mod and tevle-wc-d in conjunetion with the 'Important Information and "Important Performance Inforrnabon and • Notes to Investment Pene/mens° sections. 
Glendower 
Capita! 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
C0NFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038612 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184796 
EFTA01354020

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354021.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038613 
SDNY_GM_00184797 
EFTA01354021

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354022.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
SOF IV - Master Fund Key Terms 
Same key terms as SOF III with an increased team commitment 
The Fund 
Target Size 
Structure 
Investment Period 
Term 
Minimum Commitment 
Team Commitment 
General Partner Share 
Carried Interest 
Hurdle Rate 
Clawback 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
USS1.75 billion (US$2.5 billion hard cap) 
English private fund limited partnership 
years from final closing 
years from final closing plus up to 5 one-year extensions (the first three one-year extensions being at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final two one-year extensions requiring the consent of the SOF IV advisory committee) 
USS5 million 
Min of 1% of aggregate commitments 
1.25% p.a. of commitments during Investment Period 
1.00% p.a. of Invested Capital' for a period of 2 years after the Investment Period, thereafter greater of 90% of previous year and 
0.25% 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
8% (with 100% catch-up) 
Yes 
≥-ease read the confident-A private pLmwment mernotandten of the Fin) f the -Mersorary.kon") or the full a-mei:wee of risk far tors. conflicts of rhaerest, otara)Mte terms, aril regulatory and tav considerations of the Fund. 
For hither disitlosure of fees, such as lees and Lt4%enses paid by the Fund, please refer to the Memorandum, the amended aryl restated limited partnership agreement and the deed of adherence Ol 
documents are in the process of being preparfel and will be made available to prospectez investors upon re:Nest. 
1) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such investments. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038614 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184798 
EFTA01354022

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354023.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Casstal Management 
SOF IV 
ILPA 2 scorecard 
SOF IV 
Key ILPA 2 Principles 
Alignment of interest 
- 
Best practice all-contribution-plus-preferred-return-back-first model 
- 
LP favorable clawback provision 
- 
100% transaction & monitoring fees offset General Partner share 
- 
Manager equity interest in the Fund (minimum of 1% of aggregate commitments) 
Governance 
- 
Key man and "for cause" removal provisions protective to LPs' interests 
- 
Supermajority vote of LPs required to reverse automatic suspension of investment period 
- 
No Fault Divorce with 6634% vote of LPs 
- 
Clearly and narrowly outlined investment strategy with appropriate limitations on investment concentration 
- 
Advisory Board best practice set-up 
Transparency 
- 
Comprehensive financial reporting 
- 
GAAP and FAS 157 (Topic 820) compliant valuation policy 
- 
General Partner share and carried interest disclosure 
- 
Detailed due diligence provided 
LP M limited partner; ILPA = Institutional Limited Partner Assoombon The full guidelines ran be tutrid at htlp/rilpa orgrprinoiplessyersic-• 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038615 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184799 
EFTA01354023

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354024.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354024.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 D,mensmn Cap4al Management 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038616 
SDNY_GM_00 184800 
EFTA01354024

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354025.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354025.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Team Bios 
CARLO PIR210-BIROLI 
Managing Partner 
Chief Executive Officer 
Deutsche Bank: CDB Web 
Tech: General Electric; The 
Boston Consulting Group 
Based in London. Carlo is a Managing Partner 
& Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Carlo spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. From 2003 
to 2006 he participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's E6 billion private 
equity portfolio. From 2012 to 2016 Carlo 
served as the Global Head of DB Private Equity 
with USS13 billion AUM in primary fund of 
funds, secondary funds and co-
investments. Before Deutsche Bank. Carlo was 
the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of 
funds: an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.; a consultant at The Boston Consulting 
Group in New York and served as a junior 
officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is a qualified 
civil structural engineer (PEng). 
Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business 
School and an MSc in Civil Engineering from 
the University of Rome, Italy. 
Glendower 
Capital 
CHARLES SMITH 
Managing Partner 
Chief Investment Officer 
Deutsche Bank: Bankers 
Trust; Coopers & Lybrand 
MA, Cambridge UntverSity, 
AC MA 
Based in London, Charles is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Charles spent 25 years at 
Deutsche Bark where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. Prior to 
setting up the SOF business, from 2003 to 
2006 Charles was the Head of UK Corporate 
Investments, responsible for the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's 66 billion 
proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, 
Charles was a Managing Director in the bank's 
M&A team based in London focused on 
originating and executing transactions in the 
Technology. Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and 
Management Studies from Cambridge 
University. He is a Chartered Management 
Accountant (ACMA). 
ADAM GRAEV 
Partner 
North America 
Deutsche Bank: Pomona; 
Lehman Brothers; 
Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
Colgate University 
Based in New York. Adam is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Adam spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for 
the secondary private equity business in the 
Americas and led the implementation and 
management of secondary transactions. Prior 
to joining Deutsche Bar*. Adam led private 
equity secondary and co-investment deals at 
Pomona Capital. Before then Adam led direct 
private equity investments in venture, growth 
equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private 
Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an affiliate of 
Soros Fund Management. Adam began his 
career as a financial analyst in technology 
investment banking at Cowen & Co. 
Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CHI CHEUNG 
Partner 
Europe 
Deutsche Bank 
Cambridge tiniver,a•y 
Based in London. Chi is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Chi spent 19 years at 
Deutsche Bark where he was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006, and 
most recently, he was responsible for the 
secondary private equity business in Europe 
and led the implementation and management 
of secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche 
Bark in 2000 working as an Associate in 
Global Corporate Finance focusing on TMT and 
real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006. he 
participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bark's E6 billion private equity 
portfolio. Previously. Chi completed a two-year 
apprenticeship with Deutsche Bank. 
Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge 
University. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038617 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00 184801 
EFTA01354025

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354026.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Captal Management 
Team Bios 
DEIRDRE DAVIES 
Partner 
Chief Operating Officer 
Deutsche Bank, ABN Amro, 
KPMG 
University of South 
Africa: CA ISA) 
Based in London. Deirdre is responsible for the 
operations of the Fuld and the business. 
Prior to Glendower. Deirdre spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006 and was 
responsible for the operations (across legal, 
compliance and fund finance) and investor 
relations for the secondary private equity 
business. Previously, she was at KPMG in 
South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of 
KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She is a 
Chartered Accountant (CA. SA). 
• • •• • Glendower 
Capital 
JOSHUA GLASER 
Partner 
Client Coverage 
Deutsche Bank. Paul 
Capital. Forum Capital. CIBC 
Oppenheimer 
Tufts University 
Based in New York, Joshua is responsible for 
client coverage and fundraising. 
Prior to Glendower. Joshua spent four years at 
Deutsche Bark where he was responsible for 
fundraising for the secondary private equity 
business and managing fundraising processes 
for alternative investment products in the 
Americas. Before then. Joshua led fundraising 
and investor relations for Paul Capital's 
secondary private equity business and 
healthcare royalty program, serving as Head of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, 
Joshua was a Director with Forum Capital. a 
boutique private equity placement group. 
Joshua began his career as a financial analyst 
in investment banking at CIBC Oppenheimer, 
and its predecessor, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 
Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
EMILIO OLMOS 
Managing Director 
Southern Europe, Middle 
East and Asia 
ADIA, UBS. Deutsche Bank, 
Credit Suisse. Lafarge 
MSc. HEC Pans: ME q,. 
Polyiecluvc Univ. 
Based in London. Emilio is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments in Southern Europe. 
the Middle East and Asia. 
Prior to Glendower, Emilio was a Portfolio 
Manager at ADIA based in Abu Dhabi, where 
he spent over five years focusing on secondary 
transactions. Previously, he was a Director at 
UBS in the Secondary Advisory team. Prior to 
that. Emilio was a Vice President at Deutsche 
Bank in the SOF Team, which he joined as an 
Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. 
Before that Emilio worked at Credit Suisse, in 
its investment banking division, and started his 
career as a Strategy Analyst at Lafarge UK. 
Emilio holds an MSc from HEC Paris and an 
MEng from the Polytechnic University of 
Madrid. Spain. 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
FRANCESCO RIGAMONTI 
Senior Advisor 
Deutsche Bank, Gab & Co. 
'ABA, University or Chicago 
-.icioth: ?AA: Milan University 
Based in Milan, Francesco works with 
Glendower Capital on specific secondary and 
co
-investment opportunities. 
Francesco spent 17 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he was a founding member of the SOF 
business in 2006. and most recently, he was 
responsible for co-investments. Francesco 
joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 with 
responsibility for corporate development in Italy 
and participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Baric's E EbiIlion private equity 
portfolio. Previously he worked at Gallo & Co.. 
an Italian merchant bane where he focused on 
restructurings. 
Francesco holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and an MA 
from the University of Milan, Italy. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038618 
SDNY_GM_00184802 
EFTA01354026

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354027.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354027.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Team Bios 
RIKESH MOHANDOSS 
Princi pal 
Deutsche Bank. Bank of 
America. Freddie Mac 
BOA. George Washington 
University. MBA Columbia 
Business School 
Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower. Rikesh spent 8 years at 
Deutsche Bank and most recently spent the 
past 5 years originating, valuing. executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North 
America for the SOF business. Rikesh joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, 
Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in 
Credit Risk Management at Bank of America 
and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
(Freddie Mac) in 2003. 
Rikesh holds a BBA from The George 
Washington University and a MBA from 
Columbia Business School. 
Glendower 
• • * • •
Capital 
DEVRUP BANERJEE 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Goldman 
Sachs 
Economics and 
V 
r :agement, Oxford 
Based in London, Devrup is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower. Demo spent 5 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing. 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2008 
to 2012. Devrup worked at Goldman Sachs as 
part of the Natural Resources team within the 
Investment Banking Division, advising clients 
globally on mergers & acquisitions and capital 
market transactions. 
Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford 
with an MA in Economics and Management in 
2008. 
fir 
ALDRICH CHAN 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, UBS 
ifS Firunce. New York 
University's Stern School of 
Business. 
Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible for 
the origination. valuation. execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Aldrich 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He began 
his career at UBS Investment Baits Global 
Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group 
Aldrich received his BS in Finance, summa 
cum laude, from New York University's Stem 
School of Business. He is currently an MBA 
candidate at the University of Pemsylvana's 
Wharton School of Business. 
PHILIPPE FERNEINI 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. Credit 
Suisse. Booz & Company 
'Telecom P 3(Si 
MBA Ciscago Booth School 
of Business 
Based in London, Philippe is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments.
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Philippe 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He worked 
for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment 
banking Associate in the Global Industrials 
Group and for 2 years at Booz & Company as a 
Senor Consultant in the Financial Services 
Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and a 
Master of Engineering (Diplome d'Ingenieur) 
from Telecom ParisTech. 
rcz 
CONI7E)FNTIAL 
4S 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038619 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00184803 
EFTA01354027

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354028.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Team Bios 
VICTORIA LOIDL 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. HSBC 
Based in London, Victoria is responsible for the 
origination, valuation. execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Victoria 
spent 5 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
vatting, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2009 
to 2012. Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC 
where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally on 
mergers & acquisitions and capital market 
transactions. 
Victoria graduated from the London School of 
Economics with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Glendower 
Capital 
ELENA SMIRNOVA 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. HSBC 
Based in London, Elena is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Elena spent 
years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2012 
to 2015 Elena worked in HSBC's Financial 
Institutions Advisory unit. where she focused 
on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their 
Global Banking and Markets business. 
Elena graduated from the Russian Presidential 
Academy of National Economy and Public 
Administration with a first class degree in 
Business Administration and Management in 
2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business School in 
London. 
JONATHAN ROOME 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank 
Based in London. Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Jonathan 
spent 2 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
supporting the transaction team in valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. 
Jonathan graduated from the London School of 
Economics and Political Sciences with a BSc in 
Economics in 2015. having achieved first class 
honors. 
as 
DOUGLAS O'CONNELL 
Associate 
Carlyle Metropolitan RE. 
Deutsche Bank 
Based in New York. Doug sisworts the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Doug 
worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The 
Carlyle Group. and spent two years at 
Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
hedge fund secondary transaction team in 
valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. 
Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie 
Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a 
Bachelor of Science in Finance. having 
achieved University Honors. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038620 
SDNY_GM_00 184804 
EFTA01354028

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354029.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354029.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Team Bios 
RAFAEL ENRIQUEZ - 
HESLES 
Associate 
Stifel 
55/.: Civil Engineering & 
Management, Buckneli 
University 
Based in New York, Rafael swoons the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to pining Glendower Capital. Rafael spent 
years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers 
& acqtasftions and capital market transactions 
globally. 
Rafael graduated from Bucknell University with 
a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering and 
a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SHELDON LEE 
Analyst 
Citibank 
Irdiastrial Management, 
industrial Engineering. 
Nationale Supeiietse 
Manes de Nancy.
Based in London, Sheldon supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent over a year 
and a half at Citi in London. in the Corporate 
and Investment Banking team, focusing on 
Private Equity-owned companies. 
Sheldon holds an MSc. in Industrial 
Management from KTH Royal Institute of 
Technology. Sweden. and a BSc in Industrial 
Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure 
des Mines de Nancy. France. 
KATHERINE WEAVER 
Principal, Funds CFO 
Deutsche Bank, Brookfield 
Properties, Deloitte & Touche 
BBA and MAcc, University of 
Wisconsin - Madison 
Based in New York, Katie is the Chief Financial 
Officer for Fund Finance. 
Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management in the SOF fund 
finance team. first as financial controller and 
then as the Chef Financial Officer. Prior to 
Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at 
Brookfield Office Properties and a financial 
accountant at Trizec Properties. She began 
her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. 
Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin - Madison. 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
LOUISE SCHOEMAN 
Vice President, Finance 
London Air Ambulance. 
Deutsche Bank. Grant Thornton 
Based in London. Louise is responsible for the 
finance operations of the management 
company as well as its compliance and risk 
management functions. 
Prior to Glendower Capital. Louise was 
Finance Director for London's Air Ambulance, 
a registered charity. Louise worked with the 
SOF Team in 2011.13 as a business manager, 
having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. 
Louise graduated from the University of 
Pretoria with a BCom (Hone) in Accounting 
Sciences in 2003. and qualified as a Chartered 
Accountant in 2007. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038621 
SDNY_GM_00184805 
EFTA01354029

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354030.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354030.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capes! Management 
SOF III — Investor base 
SOF III key info 
First and final closing 
20-Oct-2014 
Fund size 
US$1.65 billion 
including Deutsche Bank and team commitment of 
US$33 million 
Number of investors 
92' 
Investor region 
North 
Europe 
Asia 
America 
20% 
Pacific 
44% 
17% 
Middle 
East 
19% 
Investor type 
Foundation 
2% 
Insurance 
13% 
SWF 
21% 
GP 
2% 
Size of individual commitments 
37% 
8% 
16% 
Pension
32% 
Family 
Office/HNWI 
30% 
18% 
21% 
$25m 
$25-50m 
$50.100M 
$100•150m 
>$150m 
(I ) The number of investors includes ell investors in WE III with commitments over US.$2m The total number of investors, insluding those 'westing thi ough I,i wate wealth feeder funds. is 47G 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038622 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184806 
EFTA01354030

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354031.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354031.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
SOF III 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Invested capital'
Funded capital"
Initial 
Gross 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller type 
Deal type 
Funds 
Companies'
61554n) 
(US5ri) 
closing 
Portfolio detail 
1- Porter 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-Sol Secondary 
144.9 
117.2 
14 
1.9x 
US - rod-market buyoul 
2- Fitzgerald II 
Proprietary 
Ftancial Institution 
Single Assel Deal 
36.8 
36.8 
O4 14 
1.6x 
US - buyoul 
3- Malcolm 
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
109.4 
46.0 
O4 14 
1.0x 
RoW-buyout 
4- Costa 
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
12.9 
13.0 
O1 15 
1.0x 
Europe - buyoul 
5- Diamond 
Limited Process 
Allernatne Funds 
Fund Secondary 
23.0 
9.7 
O2 15 
1.6x 
Global - diversified 
6- Mozart 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
25.5 
25.5 
O2 15 
0.8x 
Europe - growth equity 
7- Leibowitz 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
61.2 
65.7 
O3 15 
1.29 
Europe - growth equity 
8- 
POSCOli 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Assel Deal 
27.5 
27.5 
O3 15 
0.0x 
Global - buyout 
9- Clegane 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
14.7 
14.7 
O3 15 
1.8x 
US rid-market buyout 
10- Steinbeck II 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
Fund Secondary 
100.0 
49.0 
O3 15 
1.29 
Global -diversified 
11- Mrincev 
Syndication 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
65.3 
O4 15 
2.99 
Global - real estate 
12- Neon 
Limited Process 
Fflancial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
7.2 
6.5 
O4 15 
1.29 
Europe - real estate 
13- Genzaga 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
14.3 
15.1 
15 
1.0x 
Europe - mid.markel buyout 
14- Drive 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
17.6 
17.6 
15 
2.6x 
RoW - buyout 
15- Flute 
Linxted Process 
SwF 
Fund Secondary 
1.294 
54.7 
13.9 
15 
1.4x 
Global - buyout 
16- Iskar 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
34.6 
26.6 
O1 16 
2.39 
Europe - real estate 
17- Bosch 
Limited Process 
Pamir/ Office 
Fund Secondary 
169 
86.6 
40.2 
O1 16 
1.5x 
Global 
diversified 
18- Staccato 
Propnetary 
Muliple 
GP-led Secondary 
40.2 
26.0 
O2 16 
1.59 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
19- Rose 
Proprietary 
Famin Office 
Single Asset Deal 
27.0 
26.7 
O2 16 
1.0x 
Europe - mid market buyout 
20- Janos 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Single Assol Deal 
29.9 
29.9 
O2 16 
1.29 
US - mid-market buyout 
21- Aurum 
Proprietary 
Allernatne Funds 
Single Asset Deal 
23.1 
22.9 
O3 16 
0.79 
Europe - mid-market Carpet 
22- Laurel 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
GP-led Secondary 
101.6 
40.7 
O3 16 
2.1x 
Europe - diversified 
23- Tone: I 8 II 
Linkted Process 
Musiple 
Fund Secondary 
41.8 
27.6 
O3 16 
1.7x 
US - mod market buyout 
24- Falco 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
13.7 
7.1 
O3 16 
1.7x 
US - real estate 
25- Peak 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
79.0 
57.2 
O4 16 
1.29 
Europe - mid-markel buyout 
26- Amy 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
35.7 
15.0 
16 
1.89 
Global - diversified 
27- Chaucer 
Proprietary 
Fund Secondary 
159 9 
81.6 
O1 17 
1.0x 
Europe 
growth equity 
28- Westerns 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
239.7 
178.6 
O1 17 
1.29 
US - mid-markol buyout 
29- Eddard 
Landed Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
51.3 
27.6 
O1 17 
1.59 
Europe - mid-market btryoul 
30- Sutherland 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
9.5 
9.8 
O1 17 
1.669 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
31- Christophe 
Proprietary 
N•A 
Fund Secondary 
44.2 
3.4 
O1 17 
0.9x 
Global - real estate 
32- Newton 
Landed Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
968 
118.0 
4.4 
O2 17 
4.19 
US -diversified 
33- Welled 
Proprietary 
Public lo Private 
Single Asset Deal 
32.0 
31.9 
O3 17 
1.0x 
Europe - buyout 
34- Gini 
Proprietary 
Family Office r HNW 
Single Asset Deal 
42.0 
27.4 
O3 17 
1.09 
US - mkt-market buyout 
35- Artemis 
Landed Process 
SWF 
Fund Secondary 
O3 17 
4 
10.5 
1.3x 
Eur.. - mid-marker b 
SOF III Closed 
Total 
149 
2,837 
1,931.2 
1162.6 
1.49 
/ Number of ciampanitis are bestf eVirnate 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 'Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF III is 1.3x. 
iii The pg.-torment:4 figures Ito been calculated based on unauetted fair canes and strut-=d be 
and reviewed in conjuncb0n 1:4h Pio 'important Lnaarunatier( and "Imprtant Performance krfonnatice sectrUr 
performance is not a guarartee or indicator of future results. and there can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results.
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038623 
SDNY_GM_00184807 
EFTA01354031

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354032.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Caprtal Management 
SOF II — Portfolio construction 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
2011 
Fund size 
US$614m 
Gross invested capital 
668m 
Performance as of September 30. 2017 
Capital called 
509m 
Distributions. net 
592m 
1.16x 
Remaining NAV 
187m 
0.37x 
Total net return 
US$779m 
1.53x 
20% 
Asset geography 
North 
America 
40% 
RoW 
3% 
II 
Investment strategy 
4% 
4%
16% 
Vintage year 
5% 
6% 
20% 
12% 
54% 
• Large Buyout 
• Mid-Market Buyout 
GrovAh Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
19% 
• Pre 2005 
• 2005 - 2006 
2007 -2008 
2009 - 2011 
2012 - 2013 
38% 
2014 -2015 
Sector composition 
laill 
Industrials 
al
Consumer 
Business Services 
Technology 
As at September ?O. 2017. Past informs-a— is not a guarantee or indicator ri future results . and there can be no assutance that the fund will achieve cornpteable tesults 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the 'Important Infonnation" and 'Notes to Iruestment Performance' sections of this Presentation. 
IIIIII 
Healthcare 
III 
Financial Services 
Ill
Natural Resources 
Real Estate 
II
3k 
Communications & Media 
5%11 Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038624 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184808 
EFTA01354032

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354033.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Captal Management 
SOF 
Remaining portfolio construction by FMV1 as of September 30, 2017 
Overview 
Vintage 
2006 
Fund size 
US$565m 
Invested capital 
549m 
Capital called 
421m 
Distributions, net 
756m 
80x 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Europe 
90% 
North 
Amen ca 
10% 
20m 
05x 
US$775m 
84x 
22% 
Investment strategy 
6% 0% 
49% 
Vintage year 
46% 
2% 
I 
20°k 
33% 
45% 
• Large Buyout 
• Growth Equity 
Special Situations 
Mezzanine 
• Pre 2006 
• 2006 
2007 
2008 - 2009 
1) FMV= Fair Market Vette 
Past perfonname. is not a am-amble? ar €ndicttor of future reit=its, mid ttw.t can be no astwmce that the fund will achieve:A:bigwig*: 'avails. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the important Information' and -Notes to Investment Performance' sections of this Presentation 
Sector composition 
21% 
10% 
5% 
Healthcare 
Industrials 
Business Services 
IT and Technology 
Financial Services 
El 
Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
5!3) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038626 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184810 
EFTA01354033

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354034.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Captal Management
SOF & SOF D 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Invested capital' 
Funded capital' 
Initial 
Gross 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller type 
Clad type 
Funds 
Companies' 
(USSIrn 
(USSrn) 
ClaSsig 
, 
multiple 
Portfolio derail 
1- Leonardo 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
609 
205 3 
166.0 
07 
2.04 
US I Europe - diversified 
2- Sprint 
Syndication 
Public to private 
Single Asset Deal 
36.0 
36.1 
07 
3.0x 
Europe - buyout 
3- Constellation 
Syndication 
Alternative Funds 
GP4ed Secondary 
16.5 
16.7 
07 
094 
US / Europe - growth equity 
4- Cram 
Syndication 
Financial Institution 
GP4ed Secondary 
19.4 
21.6 
07 
1.74 
Europe - special situations 
5. Freedom 
Syndication 
Pension 
GP-led Secondary 
15.0 
12.1 
08 
0.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
6- Pigeon 
Limrted Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
22.8 
24,7 
135 
1.34 
US - mid-market buyout 
7- Hoover I` 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
104 
08 
94 
US / ASta 
duersifted 
8- Ho-oval( 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
0.1 
0.3 
09 
6.8x 
US - mezzanine 
9- Amadeus I 
Limited Process 
Endowment 
Fund Secondary 
II 
16.1 
16.2 
09 
2.44 
Europe - buyout 
10- Hoover III' 
Limited Prece&s. 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
2.7 
2.6 
09 
0.8x 
Europe - mid-rreeket buyout 
11- Arnadmis II 
Limited Process 
Ariel native Funds 
Fund Secondary 
5.4 
5.5 
09 
3.3x 
Europe - buyout 
12- Hoover IV 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
3.3 
2.6 
09 
2.2x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
13- Hoover V1
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
3.4 
3.5 
09 
1.74 
US -- mezzanine 
14/21- Bach 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP4ed Secondary 
39.0 
32.3 
09 
2.04 
Europe - venture capital 
15- Hoover VI' 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
4.8 
5.8 
Ot 10 
1.74 
US / Europe - mid-market buyout 
16- Hoover vie 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family office 
Fund Secondary 
2.9 
2.8 
10 
3.44 
US - mid-market buyout 
17- Hoover VIII` 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family office 
Fund Secondary 
196 
0.5 
10 
2.8x 
US - mid-market buyout 
18- DaVinci 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
193 
103.3 
53.7 
10 
3.04 
US / Europe - diversified 
19- Imperial 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
152 
51.1 
294 
10 
94 
US / Europe - mezzanne 
20- Hoover IX.
Proprietary 
KW/Family office 
Fund Secondary 
294 
0.8 
0.7 
10 
2.6x 
US Europe - diversified 
SOF 
Sub Total 
154 
1.774 
seem 
433.3 
tit 
DeVinci 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
193 
138.1 
67.2 
10 
3.04 
US! Europe - diversified 
SOF arid SOF 0 
Total 
154 
1,774 
666 9 
550 5 
fall hluinbei of carim,.' 
am best estimate 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is deSCtibeci as purchase price plin unfunded obligations Fp-fried capital is the amount funded s each Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF and SOF Dts 1.8x and 
2.3x respectively Comorted fruit EUR to UST using a tote of 1.1821 
r:.4) The perforinanr,e figures are based on unaudited fair values and ahead be read and reviewed in conjunction with the -Important Information" and "Important Performance inlognation- sections '≥toss returns are groat.' of 
lees, iisineresnm and tarried interest, which are not Oared at tle• investmea level so perk-amanita is not e;4pectiel to In represtatative ol iryzettlelefri reftlne-4 to MVP:MotS. investorsstleulti consult with their mit fitIverer6 
as to thesq.:propose `:actors to be corrsidgred in eyakaang this intormation. Past performance s not a pediMion of future performance, but 0 a inclinedto de.monstrae the traPc record of the Glees-lower SOF 't eam aced 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or ttcit any target results will be achieved. 
ish Hoover illinSACtits7M represent the incesene-nta made by SOF via a s,mt6a1 purpose vehicle 1-SPV") attracting strldkional a;-^xuntirr4 and ad-Misr:Area:se expenses The actual performance for the SF4.: may be lower than 
the performance of the individualinvestments. because of the additional amounting and administr atom expense's The aggregate net multiple of this SPV, Including the lees and expenses is 1.9x 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038627 
SONY_GM_00184811 
EFTA01354034

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354035.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gi.DuSi83 Dimension Capetat Management 
Important Information (1/2) 
This contidentiai peisentation (this "Presentation") is being made available tu you (the "Recipient') by Glendower Capital. LLP ("Glendower). which is authorized and regulated by the Uniteo rehecium 
Finereial Conduct Authority, tor the purpose of providing certain summary information about certain existing and future funds and accounts that are managed or advised by Glendower, including in 
connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund be to known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP (the 'Fund') 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and documents as having been entered into which my not have occurred or been entered into at the date that this Presentation e 
made available but thet Glendower expects will occur or be entered into thereafter 
This Presentation is not an offer to sell. nor a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security, and may not be used or retied upon in connection with any offer or solicitation. A private offering of interests in 
the Fund will be made only pursuant to the offering documents for the Fund. which contain additional information about the investment objective. terms and conditions of an investment in the Fund and 
aiso contain tax information and risk disclosures that are important to any investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Fund other 
than as set forth in the of
 documents and any such statements, if made. may not be ielied upon. The offering documents will be furnished to wielded investors on a confidential basis al their 
request. The Information contained in this Presentation will be superseded by, and Is qualified In its entirety by reference to. such offering documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid. as there is no secondary market for interests in the Fund and 
none is expected to develop. There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Fund. Investments may be leveraged and the investment performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in 
the Fund. prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering documents. The fees and expenses charged in 
connection with an investment in the Fund may be higher than the fees and eepenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. investors should have the financial ability and willingness 
to accept the risk charactenstice of the Fund's investments 
Potential COntiliStS of interest may arise from the relationship between Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates (*Credit Suissee). which is acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit 
Suisse is not acting and will not act as a municipal advisor within the meaning of Section 976 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
prornuated thereunder t'Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services. mate.real, or information that Credit Suisse provides tea municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Advisor Rule ("Covered Party) are provided en an arm's length 
basis and not as an advisor or fiduciary, to the Covered Party Covered Parties should consult with their own internal and external advisors before taking action with respect to any services, material. or 
inforrretion provided to them by Credit Sui8se Credit Suisse also will not solicit a Covered Party for direct or indirect ceinwisalion on behae of an unaffiliated investment &Mser for the purpose of 
obtaining or retaining an engagement for that Investment adviser by the Covered Party to provide investment advisory services lo or on behalf of the Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. Nothing contained herein shall constitute any 
representation or warranty and no responsibility or liability is accepted by Glendower Cr ii≤ Aerates e5 to the accuracy or completeness of any ineemsilion supplied herein. 
Unless otherwise stated. the infomnatien in this Presentation has not been audited or veritieci by an independent party, end should not be seen as eny representation or returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must he kept strictly confidential and may not he reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing. each 
investor and prospective investor (and each employee, representative. or other agent thereof) may disclose lo any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tee treatment and tax structure of 
the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax 
structure. pioeleed. however, that such disclosure shall not incitele the name ror other identifying intonation not relevant to the lax structure or tae treatment) of any person and shall not include 
Information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to comply with applicable securities laws. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038628 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184812 
EFTA01354035

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354036.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capdal Management 
Important Information (2/2) 
Past performance is not necessarily iudisative ui suture results and thoe can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the returns generated by the Fund vii teuei or 
exceed those presented herein or that the Fund will be able to implement ils inveetinent :zibelines or achieve 
investment objectives 'The Funds investment strategy and agilicable investment 
restrictions may differ from those historically employed and economic conditions may differ materially from the conditions under which any other investment fund or account managed or advised by 
(endower leas invested. 
Al€ statements of opinion and / or belief contained in this Presentation and al views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to ekpectations regarding future events or the 
possible future performance of the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment and interpretation of information available to it as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is made or 
assurance given that such statements, views, projections or forecasts are correct. that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors will receive a return of their capital. 
in addition, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, employees or agents for updating this Presentation (or any 
additional informations correcting any inaccuracies in it or providing any addit'nal informal.bn to you. Accordingly, to the fullest extent possible subjed to applicable ffiw. none of z..endower or its 
affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, directors. officers, partners. members and employees shall be liable (save in the case of fraud} for any loss (whether direct, indirect or 
consequential), damage, cost or expense sari:re:4,x incurred by arty per soot as a result of relying on any statement in, or onession tone this Presentation. 
Any forward-looking statements fettle:ling, without timitation, projectors of future earnings or value), results or valuations herein are based upon current esstimptiuns, may be simplified and may 
depend upon events outside the control of Glendower or Its affiliates. Other events that. were not taken into account may occur and may significantly affect the analysis herein. Therefore. changes to 
any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or projections. Actual results may therefore be materialty different from any forecast, ivinion or valuation berm Prospective investors 
in the Fund should not rely on these forward-lookIN statements in deciding whether to invest in such Clued. The information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources outside of 
Credit Suisse While such information is believed to be reliable for the purposes used herein. neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its affiliates or partners, members or employees, assume any 
responsibility for the accuracy of such info! oration 
See the 'Notes to Investment Performance" containing additional important information %yarding performance and targeted returns. 
This Presentation does not form part et the basis for any contract between Glendower or its affiliates and any investor 
Recipient; of this Presentation shall not treat this Presereaton as tar. 
regulatory, accounting, legal, investment or any other advice in relation to the Reopenl of this information and this intormation should not and cannot be relied upon as such. The distribution of Ibis 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons who come into possession of this Presentation are required to inform themselves about, and to 
observe. any such restrictions 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering of interests in the Fend or the adequacy of the information contained herein Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of interests and risk factors. An investment in the Fund is 
suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability and wilfingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity associated with an investment in the Fund investors in the Fund 
must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038629 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184813 
EFTA01354036

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354037.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal' means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors (and any follow-on investments in any such 
investment but no! including any OP-led Secondary( as reasonab€y determined by the Manager as the contest requires. "Fund Secondary- means (a) an Interest held directly or Indirectly by the Fund 
in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including a fund of hinds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a standalone transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired 
in a single transaction, in each case as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires, provided that any interest referred to in clause fa) shall be in a fund structure that either has an 
investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) or has drawn claws, or consnitted to invest at least 5014 of its aggregate commitments. and provided that any pordolio of 
interests referred to in clause tbj shall be in hind structures that in the aggregate have drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of their aggregate commitments, provided further that the 
aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an investment period that is eadred (other than for follow-on investments) sha€ be deorried to equal the amount drawn down in such fund 
structure and provided. further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be cieteninined to be an Early Stage Investment 
"GP-led Secondary' means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct private equity assets through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(and any follow-on investments in any such investment interest, but not inc€uding any Single Asset Dea€sj as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires. 
"SOF means DB Secondary Opportunities RintiA. L.P DB Secondary Opportunities Fund E. L.P. and 05 Secondary Oppodundies Fund C. L.P. 
"SOF Di" means DB Secondary Oppertunitkis Fund 0. L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Oppodundes Fund id, L.
"SOF lid" means Secondary Opportunities Fund ill. LP 
"SOF Funds,' 'SOF Program: or 'Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF III. 
'SOF Team" and 'Glendower SOF Team" have the meanings set forth in the Memorandum. 
"Russell 2000 Index' The Russell 2000 Index is a small-cap stock market index of the bottom 2.000 stocks in the Russell 3000 Index. The index is maintained by FTSE Russell a subsidiary of the 
London Stock Exchange Group. 
"Mel World index' The MSCI World index is a broad global equity benchmark that represents large and mid-cap equ€y performance across 23 developed markets countries. H: covers approximately 
85% of the tree float-adjusted market capitalization in each country 
"Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index": The Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index seeks to replicate the return profile of the private equity buyout asset class by constricting a 
combination of sector portfolio returns These sector portfolios are designed to track the performance of private equity sector investments by holding liquid exchange traded instruments rather than 
investeg directly in private equity arms 
For other delingearis please refer to the Memorandum. 
Glendon- 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038630 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184814 
EFTA01354037

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354038.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capdai Management 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Important Information on the Track Record. 
The Giendower SOF Team spun-oft from Deutsche Beni and its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank nii August 1.2017 and established Glendower Capital: LLP and its affiliates (together. Misimicemi i 
o:, 
independent private equity limn owned by its partners focused on secondary transactions in private markets The performance information and track record set out in this Presentation in respect of the 
SOF Funds covers the period time from inception of the SOF Funds to date. including the time prior to the formation of Glendower. when the team were employees of Deutsche Bank In evaluating 
the track record. each Recipient should note that 
Carlo Pirzio-Bircai and Charles Smith have been permanent voting Inembers of the SOP Funds investment comnettees since inception: (ii) Chi 
Cheung. Francesco Rigamonti and Adam Graev have attended as observers the majority of investment committees of the SOF Funds since inception. they were appointed in December 2011 during 
the SOF II investment period as voting members on a rotational basis and have been permanent voting members since January 2013: (iii) other employees of Deutsche Bank who were not part of the 
SOF investment team and that have not joined Glendower were involved at different times on the investment conmettees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in respect of 
the investments made by the SOF Funds and 0v) in connection with the investments comprising the track record, the Glendower investment professionals were part of a larger group within Deutsche 
Bank. The investment performance included herein is intended solely to provide Recipients with information about the Glendower SOF Team's investment experience. The performance information 
provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited ("DAAMIG)L") and provided to t3lenclower and relates to the SOF Funds and the related individual 
underlying transactions, in respect of which the Glendower SOF Team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers andior investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. 
Gkreitiower takes responsibility for its use of this performance infoninatien and its comr.liance with all applicable laws, regulati
s. rules and guidelines. including: but not limited to, the investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and in particular. Rule 204-2 thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for the use of such performance information try Glendower. 
Investment returns. Unless otherwise stated, returns are as of September 30, 2017. are unaudited and are illustrative only. As used herein and unless otherwise Indicated. 'Gross IRR" and -Net 
IRR" shall mean an agar-agate, compound. annual, gross or net as applicable. internal rate of return on investments, based on daily cash ("rows. Calculations are presented based on actual cash tows 
to and from limited partners All IRtis are presented on a -gross' basis unless otherwise slated )i.e , they do not reflect the priority profit share, carried interest. taxes, transaction costs in connection 
wAh the disposition of unrealized investments and other expenses that are borne by investors in the applicable funds, all of which will reduce rations and, in the aggregate: are expected to be 
substantial} Net IRR is presented after deducting all prrority profit share. carried interest, taxes. transactk'n costs and other fees and expenses (other than taxes borne or to be borne by investors. 
Including as a result of an investors domicile). Further, note that the calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR In respect of the SOF Funds Is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of 
subscription line facrilles. Returns reflect purchase price netting in all instances wtiere subscription credit lines. payment deferrals. and permanent fund borrowing have been uttized. Although the 
manager maintains flexibility to do so, capital has not been recycled to dale. Distributions to Paid-In Capital CDPIM represents aggregate distributions to Investor; in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions toile SOF Funds. Residual value to Paid-in Capital i*RVPI") represents the value of the SOF Funds investors' interest held withal the SOF Funds relative to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Funds. net of the SOF Funds' starred interest, management fees and other expenses. Total Value to Paid-in Capital (11-VPI"): TVPI =DPI 4- RVPI Gross multiple. 
represents Total Value divided by Funded Capital. Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.) net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried interest. management fees and other expenses. 
Valuations. Valuations of unrealized investments are generally based on a good faith and reasonable determination by the general partner of the relevant investment hind. My such valuation of 
unrealized investment will be based on assumptions that such general partner believes are reasonable under the cicurristannes. the actual realized returns on unrealized investments will depend on, 
among other factors. future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposition. any related transaction costs and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may 
afar from the assumptions on Midi the ea luarions used in the prior performance data contained herein are based. Accordingly. the actual reated returns generated by these unrealized investments 
may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. 
Target returns. The targeted returns (the "Targets') presented herein are based on Glendowees views regarding the returns on investments that such funds may be able to achieve durinu their 
respective terms based on the investment performance of similar investments, current market condapne, potential investment opportunities that are being reviewed or have recently been reviewed. 
availability of financing and certain assumptions about investing conditions and market fluctuation or recovery The Targets are also based on models. estimates, and assumptions about performance 
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. There is no guarantee that the facts upon which such assumptions are based will materialize as anticipated and will be applicable to such funds' 
invest-nem. €ndividual investments made by such funds rray have anticipated returns below or above the Targets The Targets are hypothetical and are neither a guarantee nor a prediction or 
projection of future performance. A broad range of risks could cause the funds to tail to meet thee Targets. As with other gross returns. gross Targets do not reflect the priority profit share, 'carried 
interest,' taxes, transaction costs in connection with the disposition of unrealized investments aieJ other expenses that will be borne by investors, which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, are 
expected to be substantal. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038631 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184815 
EFTA01354038

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354039.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capdal Management 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (1/6) 
For' Residents of the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the -AlFtilD"). the Fund will constitute an EU AiF (as defined in the AIFMDj whose AIF M (as defined in the AlFMD) is the 
Manager. tse€f an EU AlFki Except as provided belowin 'aspect of the specific mentor states listed, this Presentation and any other do-is:ens or mater a< r
a.ted to the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase. of the interests in the Fund, shall only be distributed to prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member state of the European 
Economic Area that are 'professional investors'. For these purposes. a "professional investor' is a person who is considered to be a professional cent or who may. em request, be treated as a 
professional client within the meaning ot Anne' n to Directive 2001r39tEC. 
AIF MD Notice. 
In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a 'Member State') which has implemented the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (Directive (201.1;61/EU)) (the tAlEME:rj (and for 
which transitional arrangements are not/ no longer available), this Presentation may only be distnbtrted and interests in the Fund may only he offered or placed In a Member State to the e ent that: (I) 
the Fund is perrnitt61 to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant Member State in aotordarice with AIFMD ifts implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant. Member Stale); or 
(2) this presentation may otherwise he lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may otherwise be Iawlirity offered or placed in that Member Slate (including at the initiative of the investor). 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA which, at the date of this presentation. has not implemented Alf:MD. this presentation may only be distributed arid interests in the Fund may only be 
offered or placed to the extent that this presentation may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may lawfully be offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of the 
investor). 
For persons in Australia. This information has been prepared for general information purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation constitutes investment legal, accounting or tax advice, or a 
representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to ir•::fivrdual circumstances. or otherwise constitute a personal recommendation to any specific investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation should not assume that any investment discussed herein were of will be profitable. There is no ouarantee concerning the achievement of investment objectives or target returns or 
measurements. Any reference to past performance is not indicative of future results and is no guarantee to future results This Presentation has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted 
recipients Si Australia who qualify as wholesale clients as that term is defined by section 761G(7) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth 1 (the `Act) and as sophisticated or professional 
investors as defined by sections 708(8) and VI 1) (respectively t of the Act In respect of which an offer would not require disclosure under Chapter 61) or Pail 7.ci of the Act it does not contain and 
should not be taken as containing any financial product advice or 'nancial product recommendations. This Presentation is not a prospectus, product disclosure statement or any other form of 
prescribed offering document under the Act. This Presentation Is not required to. and does not. contain all the information which would be required in either a prospectus, product disclosure statement 
or any other form of prescribed offering document under the Act, nor G it required to be submitted to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Tne funds referred to in these materials 
are riot, registered schemes as defined in the Act. In Australia. Credit Suisse Group entities, other than Credit Suisse AG. Sydney Branch. are not authorized deposit-taking institutions kir the purposes 
of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth.) and their obligations do not represent deposits or other liabilities of Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch. Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch does not guarantee or 
otherwise provide assurance in respect of the obligations of such Credit Suisse entities or the 'lends. 
For persons in Bahrain. The Presentation has not been approved by the Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents. No offer to the public to purchase the Funds interests 
will be made in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Presentation is intended to be read by the addressee only and must not be passed to, issued to. or shown to the public generally. 
For persons in Brazil. The information contained herein is for informational purposes only and is not and under no circumstances is to be construed as. a prospectus. an advertisement. a public 
offering. an offer to sell the interests described herein or a solicitation of an offer to buy the interests described herein in Brazil. Any public offer or sale of the interests described herein still be made 
only if applicable registration in the Brazilian Securities Commission is obtained. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any investment will be deemed to the public in Brazil or by any means 
would be deemed public offering of securities in Brazil. Under no circumstances is the information contained herein to be construed as investment advice. Brazilian Securities Commission has not 
reviewed the material herein.
Glendower 
Capital 
S•F•R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038632 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184816 
EFTA01354039

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354040.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capdal Management 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (2/6) 
For persons in Brunei. This Presentation has not been delivered to. iicense0 of penlatied by Autoriti Merietan Brunei Darussalam. Nor has it been registered with the Registrar of Compaeies. nets 
Presentation is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an inthiallon or offer to the pub€ic As such. it nest not be distributed or redistributed to and may not be re€ed upon or used by 
any person in Brunei other than the person to whom it is directly communicated and who belongs to a class of persons as defined under Section 20 of the Brunei Securities Market Order. 2013 
For persons in Canada. This Presentation is only intended tor persons in Canada who qualify to be a 'permitted client' within the meaning National Instrument 31-103 — Registration Requirements, 
Peromptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. To the extent that the Miami/non contained herein references securities of an 'suer incorporated. termed or created under the laws of Canada or a 
province or temerity of Canada, any ti des in or advice regarding such securities must be conducted through an investment dealer registered in Canada No securities commission or similar regulatory 
authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon these materials, the information contained herein or the merits of the interests described herein and any representation to the contrary is 
an offence. 
For persons in Cayman Islands. No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islandsto subscribe for the Interests 
For persons in Chile. All or sorry of the offered securities may have not been reecesterc-d with the Supenntendentea de Valores y Seguros ("SYS') pursuant to law no 18.045, the Ley de Mercado de 
Valores, and regulations thereunder. Securities nor registered with the Senif may not be offered or sold publicly in Chile (unless a regulatory exemption apply). This document does not constitute an 
otter of. or an invitation to subscribe for or puravase. the securities in the Republic of Chile, other than to indivdua€y identified investors pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of 
the Ley de Mercado de Valores (an after that is not "addressed to the public in general or to a certain sector or specific group of the public). For additional information referred to each of the offered 
securities. please contact your Relationship Manager. 
For persons in China. No invitation to offer, or offer tor, or sale of. any interest or investment will be made to the public in the People's Republic of China CPR-Cr) or by any means that would be 
deemed public offering of securities under the laws of the PRC. These materials may not be distributed to individuals resident in the PRC or entities registered in the PRC who have not obtained all the 
required PRO government approvals. it is the investors responsibility to ensure that it has obtained afi necessary PRO government approvals to purchase any interest. participate in any investment or 
receive any invesbnent advisory or investment management services. 
For persons In Colombia, This marketing material does not oomatate a public offer in the Republic of Colombia ft is being distributed under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of 
securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. Neither the products, nor the Management Company/issues have and will not be registered with the Superintendence of 
Finance of Colombia Potential Colombian investors should make their own decision whether this financial preoluct meets thew investment objectives and risk tolerance level. Each potential Colombian 
investor should make Is own Inquiries and consult its own advisors as to this financial product and the Management Company/Issuers. including the merits and risks involved. arid as to leoal tax and 
related matters concerning an investment in the products. This marketing material is marketed in Colombia or provided to Colomben residents in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other 
applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of foreign) financial and/or securities related products or services in Colombia. Accordingly. the products may onN be promoted to Colombian 
residents in compliance with decree 2565 of 2010 and under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under applicable Colombian marketing rules and general securities 
laws and regu€ations. 
For persons in France. This Presentation can only be correntiefetateel to eoatlnerd thvestors within the meaning of the article D411 1 of the Monetary Financial Code (Code Mcrnetaire et Financier) to 
professional clients and eligible counterparties 
For persons in Guernsey. This Piesentabon has not been approved or authonzed by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission or the States of Guernsey Policy Council. 
For persons in Haiti. This Presentation is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation is Intended to constitute financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests Is 
tieing made in Nadi arid no agreement relating to the sale of the interests will be concluded in Halt 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038633 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184817 
EFTA01354040

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354041.pdf
----------------------------------------
DLL/LiSiee Dimension Calmat Management 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (3/6) 
For persons in Hong Kong. The information memorandum in relation to any interest and/or investment referred to in this Presentation has not been approved by the Securities alio Hese es 
Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly fee any Interests or securities may not be offered or sold and have net been eitered or sold in Hong Kong. by means of any document, other than to (if 
"professional investors- as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made tinder that Ordinance, or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a -prospectus" as defined in the Companes Ordinance (Cap 622) of Hong leong or which do not constitute an offer to the public %meet) the meaning of that Ordinance, and (kg no 
person has issued or had In its possession for the purposes of issue. and will not issue or have in IM possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or etewtiere. any advertisement. 
Invitation or document relating to any interest or securities, which es directed at. or the contents of which are or are likely to be accessed or read by. the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do 
so under securities laws of Hong Kong) other than With respect to any interests or StiCtiritieS which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 'professional 
Investors- within the definition of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
For persons in Israel. This Presentation has not beers approved by the Israel Securities Authonty arid will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a manner that will not constitute 'an offer to the 
public' under sections 15 and 15a of the Israel Securities Law. 572s-1968 ("the Securities Law') or section 25 of the joint investment Trusts Law. 5756-1904 Oise Joint Investment Trusts Law"). as 
applicable. The products described in this Presentation (the 'Products') are being offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during any given 12 month period) and/or those 
categones of investors listed in the First Addendum ('the Addendum') to the Securities Law, (-Sophisticated Investors") namely joint investment funds or mutual trust funds. provident kinds, insurance 
companies, banking corporations (purchasing, Prothetts For themselves or for clients who are Sophistieated Investors). porlfolie managers (purchasing Products for themselves or for clients who are 
Sophisticated Investors), investment advisors or investment marketers (purchasing Products for themselves). members of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange (purchasing Products for themselves or for 
clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters (purchasing Products for themselves). venture capital fends engaging mainly in the capital market, an entity which is wholly owned by 
Sophisticated Investors, corporations. (other than fanned for the specific purpose of an acquisition pursuant to an offer). with a shareholders equity in excess of NIS 50 million. and individuals in 
respect of whom the tem)s of item 0 in the Schedule to the Investment Advice Law hold true investing for their own account. in respect of which at least one of the following applies: the total value of 
their eash, deposits, financial assets (as defined in the Investment Adviee Law) and securities traded on a stock exchange licensed under the Securities Law (together, "Liquid .Assets') exceeds NIS 8 
million (approximately £1.3 million), their level of income over each of the preceding two years exceeds MS 1.2 million (approximately 1.200,000), or the level of income of their -family unit exceeds 
NIS 1 8 million (approximately E300,Cee0); or the aggregate value of ail their LYjuid Assets exceeds NIS 5 milhon (appiredinately Ei3,30,C00) and their level at income over each of the preceding tree 
years exceeds NIS 600,000 (approximately £1)X.000). or the level of income of their efanely unit' exceeds NIS 000,000 (approximately £150.000), each as defined in the said Addendum. as amended 
from time to time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation that they qualify as Sophisticated investors. and that they are aware of the consequences of such designation and agree 
thereto: in all cases under circumstances that will fall within the private placement or ether exemptions of the Joint Investment -nests Law, the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines. 
pronouncements or rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This Present Lion may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor be furnished to any other person other than those to whom copies have been sent Any &three who purchases a Product 
is purchasing such Product for its own benefit and account and not with the aan or intention of distrinutino 
of of
 such Product to other parties (other than, in the case of an offeree which is a 
Sophisticated Investor by virtue ofd being a banking corporation. portfolio manager or 'neither of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange. as defined in the Addendum, where such ofteree is purchasing Product 
for another party which is a Sophisticated Investor). Nothing in this Presentation should be consWered investment advice or investment marketing as defined in the Regulation of investment 
Counselling. Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law. 5755-194. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a locally licensed investment counsel prior to making the investment. As a prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this 
Presentation a recipient shall be required by the Fund to provide confirmation that it is a Sophisticated Investor purchasing Products for its own account or where applicable. for other Sophisticated 
Investors 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the interests in the Fund offered hereby, nor does it constitute an offer to sell to or 
solicitation of an offer to buy from any person or persons in any state or other Jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation wouldbe unlawful, or in Much the person making such offer or solicit:eye] -F 
not qualified to do so, or to a persen or persons to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038634 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184818 
EFTA01354041

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354042.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capdal Management 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (4/6) 
For. persons in Japan. The information in aviation to any interest and( or investment has not been and will not be registered pursuant to Rinds 4. Paragraph 1 of the Financial instruments and 
Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 194$. as amended) (the 'Hari and. accordingly. any interest andloi investment in them may not be offered or sold. direcity or indirectly, in Japan or to. or for 
the benefit. of any Japanese person or to others tor re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly. in Japan or to any Japanese person except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all 
applthanle laws. regulations and guidelines proimagated by the relevant Japanese governmental arta regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant, tine. Foi this purpose. 'Japanese nthrson" 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity orgenzed tinder the laws of Japan. 
In Japan. this material is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) Limited ("CSJL'), a registered Financial Instruments Firm (Director-General of Nanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No 66) 
CSJL is a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, japan investment Advisers Association and Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
For persons in Malaysia. This document is provided on a confidential basis and made upon your request Tnrs document does not constitute. and should not be construed as constituting, an offer or 
invilatbn to subscribe for or purchase any securities as defined in the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007) in Malaysia or interests (as defined in the Conthanie,s Act trarat to the public in 
Malaysia. The dispatch of this document does not make available any securities for subscription or purchase in Malaysia. This document has been issued outside of Malaysia and no issue, offer or 
gradate!) under this document has any effect in Malaysia. 
For persons in Mexico: This marketing material is distributed in the United Mexican States ("Mexico') by a Foreign Fthancial institution (Institution Financiera acel Exterior, not sub act to the 
supervision of the National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisien Nacional Bancana y de Valores) (the ' CNBV't The securities mentioned herein are not registered in the National Securities 
Registry (Rogistro alacional de Valoresj (the 'Rite') or in the International Quotation System (Sterna Intemackanal de Cotizacthnes) (the 'SIC") of the Mexican Stock Exchange (Botha Mexicana de 
Valores), therefore such securities, Its Issuance. offering, distribution and listing are not subject lo the supervision of the CNBV or the provisions of Mexican law The securities shall not be sub*I to 
public offering, listing or brokerage in Mexico unless registered in the RNV or the SIC pursuant to the applicable legal provisions. 
For persons in Monaco: This product may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank or a duly authorized Monegasque intermediary acting as 
a professional institutional investor variaah has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the risks arid merits of an awestment in the Fund 
Consequently, this document may only be communicated to banks duly licensed by the -Autorite de Contriale Prudentier and fully licensed portfolio management companies by virtue of Law n" 1.141 
of calla 26, 1991 and Lava 1.2.33 of September 7, 2007. duly licensed by the "Cortmassion de Controie des Aativites Finaneieres. Such regu€ated intermediaries may in turn communicate this document 
to potential investors. 
For persons in New Zealand. This information has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted recipients In New Zealand who qualify as an Investment business" or "government agency' 
...ratan the meaning of clause 37(1) and clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the New Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. 
For persons in the Sultanate of Oman. The information contained in this Presentation neither constitutes a public offer of securities in the Sultanate of Oaten as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4174) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80;913i. non does it constitute an offer to sell. or the solicitation of any offer to buy Mori-Omani 
securities in the Surtanate of Oman as contemplated by Article 1M) of the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market Law (issued by Decision No.1(2009). 
Additionally, this Presentation is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038635 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184819 
EFTA01354042

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354043.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dt.DuSi 83 Dimension Canard Management 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (5/6) 
For persons in Qatar. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an independent investigation of the risks eivOivC:1 ni an 
investment in such interests The promotional doriimentation does not constitute en otter to the public and is for the use only of the named addressee and should not be given or shown to any other 
parson (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the addressee's consideration thereof). The Fund has not been and will not be registered with the Qatar Central Bank or under 
any laws of the Slate °I Dater. No transaction will be concluded in your jurisdiction and any inquiries regarding the interests in the Eund should be made to t7stennower 
For persona in Saudi Arabia. This Presentation may may not be distributed in the Kingdom or Saudi Arable except to such persons as are permitted under the Offers of Securities Regulations 
issued by the Capital Market Authority (the "CA/AM 
The CMA does riot make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of Ibis Document. and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from. or incurred in reliance 
upon, any part of this Presentation. Prospective purchasers of the interests offered Hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the interests. IF you do 
not understand the contents of this Presentation you should consult an authorized fMancial adviser. 
For persons in Singapore. This Presentation is not a prospectus as defined in the Securities and Futures Act Chapter 280 of Singapore ("SEA') and has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SEA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply, and this Presentation should not be construed in any way as a 
solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any interest or investment referred to in this Presentation . You should conskier tarettilly vtiether the investment is suitable for you. The product named in tNs 
Presentation is not authorized or recognized by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") and none of its interests shares r units shall be allowed to be offered to retail pubfic in Singapore. 
This Presentation nay be distributed only (r) to persons who are Institutional investors- under section 304 of the SEA 
For persons in South Korea. This Presentation is being provided to you for general discussion purposes only to gauge the level of interest in the relevant products. The delivety of tiles Presentation 
to you should not be construed in any way as soliciting investment or offering to sell any interests described in this Presentation. Rather, before the sales of any fund product the fund will first be 
registered with the Financial Serves Commission in Korea and a locally licensed entity will be engaged. 
For persons in Switzerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee with regard to the content and completeness of the infomiation and does not accept any liability for lones that might arise from 
making use of the information. If nothing is indk.aled to the contrary. all Burros are unaudited The information provided herein is fur the exclusive use of the recipient. Private !agility is private equity 
motel investment in companies that are not traded publicly (i.e.. are not fisted on a stock exchange) Private equity investments are generally illiquid and are seen as a long-term investment Private 
equity investments, includino the investment oppolunity described herein. may inceide the following additional risks (i) loss of all or a substantial portion of the investors investment, (ii) investment 
irranacers may have Incentives to make investments that are riskier or more speculabve due to performance-based compensation. (di) lack of liquidity as there iway be no secondary market. (iv) 
volatility of returns, IV) restrictions on transfer. (vi) potential lack of diversificaton, (vii) high fees and expenses, (
i) little or no requirement to provide periodic pricing and (ix) complex tax structures 
and delays m distributina iiii
rtertt tax inlormation to investors 
The representative of the Fund in. Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA. 6 Cours de Rive. CH-1204 Geneva (the *Representative"). The offering documents, articles of association and audited 
financial statements can be obtained tree of cuarge from the Representative The piace of performance for interests of the Fund offered or distributed in or from Switzerland is the registered office of 
the Representative. The courts of the orodon of Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute related to the distribution of 
interests of the Fund in and from Swilzedand shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in SwiCerland is Banque Cantoriale de Geneve, 17 Quai de file. CH-1207 Geneva. Switzerland (the Paying Agent"). Interests may be subscribed andror redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission wilt be charged by the Paying Agent ha subecrOtion or redemption is made through the Paying Agent. instructions and money twist be received by the paying agent at 
least 24 hours before the appropnate dealing cut-off time. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038636 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184820 
EFTA01354043

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354044.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Cepa& Management 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (6/6) 
For persons in St Kitts and Nevis. Ties Presentation does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St eels and Nevis. This Presentation has not been reviewed by the Securities COMMis-siuil or ti:e 
Financial Services Reg-teeny Commission in St Kitts and Nevis. No regulatory' authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the merits of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any regulatory authority in St Kitts and Nevis. Each investor shouii consult his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for 
advice on the various legal. ttie or economic matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund 'There is risk involved in investing, with the ultimate risk being Me loss of the investor's entire 
InVeStrnOnt 
For persons in UAE/Abu Chat.*Dubai. This Presentation. and the information contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute. a public offer of securities in the United Arab 
Emirates and accordirigN should riot be construed as such. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of sophisticated investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an invesbnen₹ in such interests and (b) upon their specific request The interests in the Fund have net been approved by or licensed or 
registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Securities and Commodities Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE The Presentation is for the use of the 
named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other person (other than employees. agents or consultants in connection with the addressee's considelation thereof) No transaction 
will be concluded in the UAE and any enquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower.
For persons in the United States of America. In making an Investment decision prospective must rely on their own exanintibon of the issuer and the terms of the offering. including the merits and 
risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of this Presentation Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Ace or any state or other securities taws or the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated The 
interests will be offered and sold in the United States only to qualifying recipients of the Fund's private placement memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act proelded by Section 4(2) and Regulation 0 thereof and any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws of the states and other 
junsdictions where the offering wilt be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only and are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities tots, pursuant to registration or exerreNtion therefrom. limited Partners 
should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an investment company under 
the investment Company Act Consequently. Investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. There will be no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part ••of any person to register the Interests under the Securities Act. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'F•R CRY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038637 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184821 
EFTA01354044

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354045.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
(together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for the fund associated with this presentation material. 
Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, 
completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN 
INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, 
INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD ALSO CONSIDER MAKING SUCH 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation material does not guarantee or predict future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. 
governmental agency, are not obligations of or guaranteed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., or any of their affiliates, 
and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Further, the securities described in this presentation have not been 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund described in this presentation material or its affiliates through arrangements that may or 
may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities, such as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our employees, including 
those of our investment representatives who may offer fund interests to clients, may now or in the future own interests in the fund described in this presentation 
material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. Notwithstanding any other express or implied agreement, arrangement or understanding to the 
contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your employees, representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, to 
disclose to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential transaction, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) 
that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is effective 
without limitation of any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Manage:lir:,
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038638 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184822 
EFTA01354045

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354046.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Letter of Authorization for Fund Investment 
Dear Client: 
In connection with your subscription for an interest in the alternative investment fund 
listed below (the "Fund") that is managed by iCapital Advisors, LLC (the "Manager") and offered 
by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. ("Deutsche Bank") as placement agent, Deutsche Bank will be 
required to provide the Manager, the Fund or their affiliates, or the Fund's administrator 
(collectively referred to herein as "iCapital Parties") with certain information about you, as 
follows: 
1. If you are a natural person: 
• 
Your name, residential address, and social security or other tax identification 
number; 
• 
Evidence regarding date of birth and confirmation of middle initial of name; 
• 
Copies of identification documents such as your passport or driver's license; 
• 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial condition as 
required by applicable law. 
2. If you are a corporate structure or trust: 
• 
Incorporation documentation / formation documentation (for example, 
certificate of incorporation, memorandum & articles, trust deed (including 
incorporation documentation for any corporate entities or trusts who are 
beneficial owners of the undersigned); 
• 
ID documentation for individuals who are beneficial owners (>25%); 
• 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial condition as 
required by applicable law. 
This information is referred to herein as the "Information". Accordingly, Deutsche Bank 
requests your consent to share your Information with the iCapital Parties and to receive from 
the iCapital Parties information pertaining to your Fund investment. 
Deutsche Bank regards protecting your personal information as one of our fundamental 
responsibilities. 
*** PLEASE TURN THE TO NEXT PAGE *** 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038639 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184823 
EFTA01354046

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354047.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
*** PLEASE CHECK THE FOLLOWING BOXES AND SIGN BELOW *** 
Name of Fund:  
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
K 
The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to provide the undersigned's 
Information to the iCapital Parties in order to assist the iCapital Parties to verify the 
undersigned's identity or obtain other "know your customer" information in connection with 
the undersigned's investment in the Fund. 
K 
The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to transfer funds from the 
undersigned's Deutsche Bank account referenced below (the "Client Account") in order to fund 
any required capital contribution by the undersigned to the Fund. 
K 
In addition, the undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to receive from the 
iCapital Parties any information relating to the undersigned's Fund investment, including but 
not limited to all correspondence, statements of account and valuations, at the electronic 
and/or physical address directed by Deutsche Bank. 
K 
The undersigned acknowledges that (1) Fund interests will not be held at 
Deutsche Bank; (2) estimated values of the Fund provided by the iCapital Parties to Deutsche 
Bank and reported on Client Account statements provided by Deutsche Bank will be for 
informational purposes only and may not reflect current Fund values or recent activity; and (3) 
statements of account for the Fund will be sent directly to the undersigned by the iCapital 
Parties, and not by Deutsche Bank. 
The undersigned's authorization shall be valid until revoked in writing. 
Client Authorization: 
(If you are signing on behalf of your organization, please ensure you are an authorized 
signatory) 
Name: 
Signature: 
Title (if applicable):  
Date: 
Deutsche Bank Representative Name / Number (if applicable): 
Subscription Amount: $ 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038640 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184824 
EFTA01354047

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354048.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354048.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Placement Fee: $ 
Initial Capital Contribution Amount: $ 
Deutsche Bank Account Number: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038641 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184825 
EFTA01354048

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354049.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 B3 Dimension Capital Management 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
(For Investors referred by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.) 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
April 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement') may only be distributed in conjunction with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the 'Memorandum') relating to the offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests') in Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (US), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and the Memorandum. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038642 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184826 
EFTA01354049

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354050.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the 'Supplement') is intended to modify and update the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary• Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund') with respect to Investors referred or introduced to the Access Fund by Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. acting through its Wealth Management division ("DBSI"). The Access Fund is expected to 
invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with any parallel funds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the 
extent that any statement or information contained in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this 
Supplement, such statement or information is hereby amended by this Supplement. The Memorandum 
remains in effect except to the extent supplemented or modified herein, and nothing herein modifies or 
changes or should be deemed to modify or change in any way the information contained in the section 
entitled "Important Disclosures" in the Memorandum. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum. All references in the Memorandum to "this 
Memorandum" shall refer to the Memorandum as supplemented hereby. This Supplement has been 
furnished on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or used for any other purposes. Each person 
accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to return it to the General Partner promptly at the request of the 
General Partner or if such person determines not to invest in the Access Fund, including indirectly through 
Glendower Access Secondary• Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the "Feeder Fund" and together with 
the Access Fund, the "Access Funds'). Notwithstanding anything contained herein (and in the 
Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, and any other related documents) to the contrary, each 
Investor (and each employee, representative, or other agent of each such Investor) may disclose to their 
advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service or other U.S. taxing authority. without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of 
the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that arc provided to 
Investors relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, provided, however, that no Investor (and no 
employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other information that is not relevant to 
understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction (including the identity of the party and 
any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or any other information to 
the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in a violation of any U.S. federal or state securities 
law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide information regarding 
DBSI's appointment as Placement Agent and the compensation and fees related thereto. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038643 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184827 
EFTA01354050

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354051.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL DUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Chances to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The information contained in the Memorandum under the heading "Summary of Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund" is hereby amended by adding the following information to the last page: 
Servicing Fee: 
The General Partner, the Investment Manager and the Access Funds have entered into a placement 
agreement with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the -DRS! Placement Agreement"), pursuant to which 
DBSI or one or more of its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank") will act as a Placement Agent and refer and/or 
introduce certain of its clients to the Access Funds (each such client that subscribes to the Access Fund, a 
"DB Introduced Person"). The Investment Manager will, in exchange for Deutsche Bank performing 
certain servicing functions, pay to Deutsche Bank in respect of each DB Introduced Person that is not in 
default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement (including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced Person, a fee (the "Servicing Fee"). 
The Servicing Fee will be payable quarterly in advance and will be calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
during the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
(ii.) 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
(iii.) 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of any 
Management Fees collected by the Access Fund or the Investment Manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable 
sham of Invested Capital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038644 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184828 
EFTA01354051

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354052.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
DB Placement Fee: 
Each DB Introduced Person will directly pay Deutsche Bank a Placement Fee (the "DB Placement Fee") 
in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, any such DB Placement Fee paid by a 
DB Introduced Person to Deutsche Bank will not be considered a capital contribution to the Access Fund. 
All expenses (including marketing costs) of Deutsche Bank shall be borne by Deutsche Bank. Deutsche 
Bank in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all or any portion of the DB Placement Fee payable 
by any particular DB Introduced Person. 
The DB Placement Fee rates applicable at each level of investment are as follows: ** 
Subscription in US$ 
Placement 
Fee Rate 
from $5,000,000 or 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
$4,999,999 
less than $3,000,000 
1.00% 
1.50% 
2.00% 
** The DB Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart from the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the relevant DB Introduced 
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund (e.g., a DB Introduced Person with an aggregate Subscription of 
$1 million will pay to Deutsche Bank a DB Placement Fee equal to $20,000). 
Direct Investor Placement Fees: 
Pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between Deutsche Bank and one or more of the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, LLC, Deutsche Bank will also act as placement 
agent for the Underlying Fund and will refer and/or introduce certain of its clients to the Underlying Fund. 
In consideration for such services, the Glendower GP or an affiliate shall pay Deutsche Bank a placement 
fee equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person. 
In addition, certain clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the Underlying Fund. Deutsche Bank 
will be paid a fee in respect of each such direct investor based on such direct investor's aggregate 
commitment to the Underlying Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the additional layer of fees and 
expenses to which DB Introduced Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients investing directly in the 
Underlying Fund will be subject to the eligibility, suitability and minimum capital commitment 
requirements as determined by the Glendower GP. 
Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest Applicable to DB Introduced Persons 
In addition to the risk factors and conflicts of interest contained in the Memorandum under the heading 
"Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest," the following risk factors and conflicts of interest 
apply to each DB Introduced Person. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038645 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184829 
EFTA01354052

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354053.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354053.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Deutsche Bank will serve as one of the Placement Agents to the Access Funds. Deutsche Bank may charge 
a DB Introduced Person the DB Placement Fee in respect of each Subscription made by such DB Introduced 
Person. The DB Placement Fee may differ from placement fees charged to Investors introduced to the 
Access Funds by other Placement Agents as well as from those charged to other DB Introduced Persons. 
The DB Placement Fee may be waived or reduced by Deutsche Bank in respect of any particular DB 
Introduced Person without thereby entitling any other DB Introduced Person to a similar waiver or 
reduction. In addition, the Investment Manager will, in exchange for certain servicing functions rendered 
by Deutsche Bank, pay the Servicing Fee to Deutsche Bank in respect of each DB Introduced Person that is not 
in default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement (including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced Person, as follows: (i) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be 
equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund, multiplied by (a) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is less 
than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; (b) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and (c) if the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per 
annum; (ii) after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second anniversary of 
the termination of the -investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB 
Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable sham 
(based upon Subscriptions) of the Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by (a) if the aggregate Subscription 
of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; (b) if the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 
million, 0.36% per annum; and (c) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and (iii) thereafter until the last day of the term of 
the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) 
the amount of any Management Fees collected by the Access Fund or the Investment Manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share of Invested 
Capital. Finally, Deutsche Bank will also receive from the Glendower GP or an affiliate a placement fee 
equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund 
attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person in respect of portion of the Access Fund's 
aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB 
Introduced Person. Deutsche Bank may or may not receive payment of similar fees (which may be lower 
or greater than fees received in connection with the placement of Interests in the Access Fund) with respect 
to the placement of interests in certain other funds established, sponsored or distributed by the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager, the Glendower GP or their respective affiliates, as well as others. 
Accordingly, the potential for Deutsche Bank to receive such fees in connection with the Access Funds 
may create an incentive for Deutsche Bank to recommend and market an investment into the Access Funds 
and presents a potential conflict of interest in recommending a direct or indirect investment in the Access 
Funds as compared to investments in other funds where Deutsche Bank may not receive such fees or may 
receive lower fees. Conversely, the prospect of receiving, or the receipt of, the fees described above, which 
may be less or different than fees associated with interests or shares of other funds or investment products 
offered by Deutsche Bank may provide Deutsche Bank and its sales persons with an incentive to favor sales 
of interests or shams of other funds or investment products over sales of Interests. In addition, certain 
clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the Underlying Fund. Deutsche Bank will be paid a fee in 
respect of each such direct investor based on such direct investor's aggregate commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the additional layer of fees and expenses to which DB Introduced 
Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients in esting directly in the Underlying Fund will be subject to the 
eligibility, suitability and minimum capital commitment requirements as determined by the Glendower GP. 
Prospective investors should take such fees, and the related potential conflicts of interest, into account when 
considering and evaluating any recommendations related to a direct or indirect investment in the Underlying 
Fund. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038646 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184830 
EFTA01354053

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354054.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354054.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Changes to Certain Regulatory Matters 
The section of the Memorandum under the heading "Certain Regulatory Matters" is hereby amended by 
adding the following immediately after the second paragraph in the risk factor titled "Mandated Disclosure 
ofCertnin Events": 
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental and regulatory investigations 
into research and analysts practices, DBSI reached a settlement agreement with the SEC, the National 
Association of Securities Dealers, the New York Stock Exchange and the New York Attorney General, and 
with other state regulators arising from an investigation of research analyst independence. Under the terms 
of the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million. 
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the SEC, the New Jersey Department of Securities and 
New York Attorney General in connection with various claims under the federal securities laws and state 
common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and auction rate securities (together, 
"ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI was required to, among other things, offer to buy back 
ARS purchased by certain customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers who took out loans secured 
by ARS and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. In connection with the 
settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders against DBSI. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038647 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184831 
EFTA01354054

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354055.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354055.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ferro W-9 
(Rev. November 2017) 
DePxtmem et the Treasury 
Internet Revenue Service 
Request for Taxpayer 
Identification Number and Certification 
Or Go to www.irs.gov/ForrnW9 for instructions and the latest information 
Give Form to the 
requester. Do not 
send to the IRS. 
a.
a. 
Name (as s 
n on your Income tax return). Name is required on this line; do not leave this line blank. 
Business namensregaroed entity name 
different from above 
Check appropriate box for federal tax classification of the person whose name a entered on line 1. Check only one of the 
following seven boxes. 
o Individual/sole proprietor or 0 C Corporation 
❑s Corporation 
CI Partnership 
Trust/estate 
single-member LLC 
K Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C-C corporation, S-S corporation. P-Partnership) ► 
Note: Check the appropriate box in the line above for the tax ciassilication of the single-member owner. Do not check 
LLC if the LLC is classified as a single-member LLC that is disregarded from the owner unless the owner of the LLC is 
another LLC that is not disregarded from the owner for US. federal tax purposes. Otherwise, a single-member LLC that 
is disregarded from the owner should check the appropriate box for the tax classification of its owner. 
o Other (see instructions). 
S Address (number, street. and apt. or suite no.) See instructions. 
Exemptions (codes apply wily to 
certain entities. not individuals: see 
instructions on Page 3): 
Exempt payee code (d are) 
Exemption from FATCA reporting 
code fif any) 
lApOon to seccu 
lane. wow IM USJ 
City, state, and ZIP code 
Requesters name no address (opt 
List account number(s) here (optional) 
Part I 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on line 1 to avoid 
backup withholding. For individuals, this is generally your social security number (SSN). However, for a 
resident alien, sole proprietor, or disregarded entity, see the instructions for Part I, later. For other 
entities, it is your employer identification number (EIN). If you do not have a number, see How to get a 
TIN, later. 
Note: If the account is in more than one name, see the instructions for line 1. Also see What Name and 
Number To Give the Requester for guidelines on whose number to enter. 
Part II 
I Social security number 
Or 
Employer Identification number 
Certification 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me); and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding; and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined below); and 
4. The FATCA codels) entered on this form (if any) indicating that I am exempt from FATCA reporting is correct. 
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backupthhokling because 
you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. For real estate transactions. item 2 does not appfyor mortgage interest paid. 
acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual refiremeetrangement ORAL and generally, payments 
other than interest and dividends, you are not required to sign the certification, but you musirovide your correct TIN. See the instructions for Part II. later. 
Sign 
Here 
Signature of 
U.S. person ► 
Date ► 
General Instructions 
Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code unless otherwise 
noted. 
Future developments. For the latest information about developments 
related to Form W-9 and its instructions, such as legislation enacted 
after they were published, go to vnywirs.gov/ForrnW9. 
Purpose of Form 
M individual or entity (Form W-9 requester) who is required to file an 
information return with the IRS must obtain your correct taxpayer 
identification number (TIN) which may be your social security number 
(SSN). individual taxpayer identification number (ITN). adoption 
taxpayer identification number (ATIN). or employer identification number 
(EIN), to report on an information return the amount paid to you, or other 
amount reportable on en information return. Examples of Information 
returns include. but are not limited to. the following. 
• Form 1099-INT (interest earned or paid) 
• Form 1099-DIV (dividends. Including those from stocks or mutual 
funds) 
• Form 1099-MISC (various types of income. prizes. awards. or gross 
proceeds) 
• Form 1099-B (stock or mutual fund sales and certain other 
transactions by brokers) 
• Form 1099-S (proceeds from real estate transactions) 
• Form 1099-K (merchant card and third party network transactions) 
• Form 1098 (home mortgage interest), 1098-E (student loan interest), 
1098-7 (tuition) 
• Form 1099-C (canceled debt) 
• Form 1099-A (acquisition or abandonment of secured property) 
Use Form W-9 only if you are a U.S. person (including a resident 
alien), to provide your correct TIN. 
if you do not return Form W-9 to the requester with a TIN, you might 
be subject to backup withholding. See What is backup withholding, 
tater. 
Cat. No. 10231)( 
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038648 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184832 
EFTA01354055

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354056.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354056.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
page 2 
By signing the filled-out form, you: 
1. Certify that the TIN you are giving is correct (or you are waiting for a 
number to be issued), 
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding, or 
3. Claim exemption from backup withholding if you are a U.S. exempt 
payee. If applicable, you are also certifying that as a U.S. person, your 
allocable share of any partnership income from a U.S. trade or business 
is not subject to the withholding tax on foreign partners' share of 
effectively connected Income, and 
4. Certify that FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating 
that you are exempt from the FATCA reporting, is correct. See What is 
FATCA reporting, later, for further Information. 
Note: If you are a U.S. person and a requester gives you a form other 
than Form W-9 to request your TIN, you must use the requester's form if 
it is substantially similar to this Form W-9. 
Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax purposes, you are 
considered a U.S. person if you are: 
• An individual who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident alien; 
• A partnership, corporation, company, or association created or 
organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States; 
• An estate (other than a foreign estate); or 
• A domestic trust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701-7). 
Special rules for partnerships. Partnerships that conduct a trade or 
business in the United States are generally required to pay a withholding 
tax under section 1446 on any foreign partners' share of effectively 
connected taxable income from such business. Further, in certain cases 
where a Form W-9 has not been received, the rules under section 1446 
require a partnership to presume that a partner is a foreign person, and 
pay the section 1446 withholding tax. Therefore, if you are a U.S. person 
that is a partner in a partnership conducting a trade or business in the 
United States, provide Form W-9 to the partnership to establish your 
U.S. status and avoid section 1446 withholding on your share of 
partnership income. 
In the cases below, the following person must give Form W-9 to the 
partnership for purposes of establishing its U.S. status and avoiding 
withholding on its allocable share of net income from the partnership 
conducting a trade or business in the United States. 
• In the case of a disregarded entity with a U.S. owner, the U.S. owner 
of the disregarded entity and not the entity; 
• In the case of a grantor trust with a U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner. 
generally, the U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner of the grantor trust and 
not the trust; and 
• In the case of a U.S. trust (other than a grantor trust). the U.S. trust 
(other than a grantor trust) and not the beneficiaries of the trust. 
Foreign person. If you are a foreign person or the U.S. branch of a 
foreign bank that has elected to be treated as a U.S. person, do not use 
Form W-9. Instead. use the appropriate Form W-8 or Form 8233 (see 
Pub. 515, Withholding of Tax on Nonresident Aliens and Foreign 
Entities). 
Nonresident alien who becomes a resident alien. Generally, only a 
nonresident alien individual may use the terms of a tax treaty to reduce 
or eliminate U.S. tax on certain types of income. However, most tax 
treaties contain a provision known as a "saving clause." Exceptions 
specified in the saving clause may permit an exemption from tax to 
continue for certain types of income even after the payee has otherwise 
become a U.S. resident alien for tax purposes. 
If you are a U.S. resident alien who is relying on an exception 
contained in the saving clause of a tax treaty to claim an exemption 
from U.S. tax on certain types of income, you must attach a statement 
to Form W-9 that specifies the following five items. 
1. The treaty country. Generally, this must be the same treaty under 
which you claimed exemption from tax as a nonresident alien. 
2. The treaty article addressing the income. 
3. The article number (or location) in the tax treaty that contains the 
saving clause and its exceptions. 
4. The type and amount of income that qualifies for the exemption 
from tax. 
5. Sufficient facts to justify the exemption from tax under the terms of 
the treaty article. 
Example. Article 20 of the U.S.-China income tax treaty allows an 
exemption from tax for scholarship income received by a Chinese 
student temporarily present in the United States. Under U.S. law, this 
student will become a resident alien for tax purposes if his or her stay in 
the United States exceeds 5 calendar years. However, paragraph 2 of 
the first Protocol to the U.S.-China treaty (dated April 30, 1984) allows 
the provisions of Article 20 to continue to apply even after the Chinese 
student becomes a resident alien of the United States. A Chinese 
student who qualifies for this exception (under paragraph 2 of the first 
protocol) and is relying on this exception to claim an exemption from tax 
on his or her scholarship or fellowship income would attach to Form 
W-9 a statement that includes the information described above to 
support that exemption. 
If you are a nonresident alien or a foreign entity, give the requester the 
appropriate completed Form W-8 or Form 8233. 
Backup Withholding 
What is backup withholding? Persons making certain payments to you 
must under certain conditions withhold and pay to the IRS 28% of such 
payments. This is called "backup withholding." Payments that may be 
subject to backup withholding include interest, tax-exempt interest, 
dividends, broker and barter exchange transactions, rents, royalties, 
nonemployee pay, payments made in settlement of payment card and 
third party network transactions, and certain payments from fishing boat 
operators. Real estate transactions are not subject to backup 
withholding. 
You will not be subject to backup withholding on payments you 
receive if you give the requester your correct TIN, make the proper 
certifications, and report all your taxable interest and dividends on your 
tax retum. 
Payments you receive will be subject to backup withholding if: 
1. You do not furnish your TIN to the requester, 
2. You do not certify your TIN when required (see the instructions for 
Part II for details), 
3. The IRS tells the requester that you furnished an incorrect TIN, 
4. The IRS tells you that you are subject to backup withholding 
because you did not report all your interest and dividends on your tax 
return (for reportable interest and dividends only), or 
5. You do not certify to the requester that you are not subject to 
backup withholding under 4 above (for reportable interest and dividend 
accounts opened after 1983 only). 
Certain payees and payments are exempt from backup withholding. 
See Exempt payee code, later, and the separate Instructions for the 
Requester of Form W-9 for more information. 
Also see Special rules for partnerships, earlier. 
What is FATCA Reporting? 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) requires a 
participating foreign financial institution to report all United States 
account holders that are specified United States persons. Certain 
payees are exempt from FATCA reporting. See Exemption from FATCA 
reporting code, later, and the Instructions for the Requester of Form 
W-9 for more information. 
Updating Your Information 
You must provide updated information to any person to whom you 
claimed to be an exempt payee if you are no longer an exempt payee 
and anticipate receiving reportable payments in the future from this 
person. For example. you may need to provide updated information if 
you are a C corporation that elects to be an S corporation, or if you no 
longer are tax exempt. In addition, you must furnish a new Form W-9 if 
the name or TIN changes for the account; for example, if the grantor of a 
grantor trust dies. 
Penalties 
Failure to furnish TIN. If you fail to furnish your correct TIN to a 
requester, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure 
unless your failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect. 
Civil penalty for false information with respect to withholding. II you 
make a false statement with no reasonable basis that results in no 
backup withholding, you are subject to a 3500 penalty. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184833 
DB-SDNY-0038649 
EFTA01354056

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354057.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354057.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Criminal penalty for falsifying information. Willfully falsifying 
certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties 
including fines and/or imprisonment. 
Misuse of TINs. If the requester discloses or uses TINs in violation of 
federal law, the requester may be subject to civil and criminal penalties. 
Specific Instructions 
Line 1 
You must enter one of the following on this line; do not leave this line 
blank. The name should match the name on your tax retum. 
If this Form W-9 is for a joint account (other than an account 
maintained by a foreign financial institution (FFI)), list first, and then 
circle, the name of the person or entity whose number you entered in 
Part I of Form W-9. If you are providing Form W-9 to an FFI to document 
a joint account, each holder of the account that is a U.S. person must 
provide a Form W-9. 
a. Individual. Generally, enter the name shown on your tax return. If 
you have changed your last name without informing the Social Security 
Administration (SSA) of the name change, enter your first name, the last 
name as shown on your social security card, and your new last name. 
Note: MN applicant: Enter your individual name as it was entered on 
your Form W-7 application, line la. This should also be the same as the 
name you entered on the Form 1040/1040A/1040EZ you filed with your 
application. 
b. Sole proprietor or single-member LLC. Enter your individual 
name as shown on your 1040/1040A/1040EZ on line 1. You may enter 
your business, trade, or "doing business as" (DBA) name on line 2. 
c. Partnership, LLC that is not a single-member LLC, C 
corporation, or S corporation. Enter the entity's name as shown on the 
entity's tax return on line 1 and any business, trade, or DBA name on 
tine 2. 
d. Other entitles. Enter your name as shown on required U.S. federal 
tax documents on line 1. This name should match the name shown on the 
charter or other legal document creating the entity. You may enter any 
business, trade, or DBA name on line 2. 
e. Disregarded entity. For U.S. federal tax purposes, an entity that is 
disregarded as an entity separate from its owner is treated as a 
"disregarded entity." See Regulations section 301.7701.2(c)(2)(ii). Enter 
the owner's name on line 1. The name of the entity entered on line 1 
should never be a disregarded entity. The name on line 1 should be the 
name shown on the income tax retum on which the Income should be 
reported. For example, if a foreign 11C that Is treated as a disregarded 
entity for U.S. federal tax purposes has a single owner that is a U.S. 
person, the U.S. owners name is required to be provided on line 1. II 
the direct owner of the entity is also a disregarded entity. enter the first 
owner that is not disregarded for federal tax purposes. Enter the 
disregarded entity's name on line 2. "Business name/disregarded entity 
name." If the owner of the disregarded entity is a foreign person, the 
owner must complete an appropriate Form W-8 instead of a Form W-9. 
This is the case even if the foreign person has a U.S. TIN. 
Line 2 
If you have a business name, trade name, DBA name, or disregarded 
entity name. you may enter it on line 2. 
Line 3 
Check the appropriate box on line 3 for the U.S. federal tax 
classification of the person whose name is entered on line 1. Check only 
one box on line 3. 
IF the entity/person on line 1 is 
a(n) ... 
THEN check the box for. . . 
• Corporation 
Corporation 
• Individual 
• Sole proprietorship, or 
• Single-member limited liability 
company (LLC) owned by an 
individual and disregarded for U.S. 
federal tax purposes. 
Individual/sole proprietor or single-
member 11C 
• LLC treated as a partnership for 
U.S. federal tax purposes, 
• LLC that has filed Form 8832 or 
2553 to be taxed as a corporation, 
or 
• LLC that is disregarded as an 
entity separate from its owner but 
the owner is another LLC that is 
not disregarded for U.S. federal tax 
purposes. 
Limited liability company and enter 
the appropriate tax classification. 
(P• Partnership; Ce C corporation: 
or S• S corporation) 
• Partnership 
Partnership 
• Trust/estate 
TrusVestate 
Line 4, Exemptions 
If you are exempt from backup withholding and/or FATCA reporting, 
enter in the appropriate space on line 4 any code(s) that may apply to 
Wu-
Exempt payee code. 
• Generally, individuals (including sole proprietors) are not exempt from 
backup withholding. 
• Except as provided below, corporations are exempt from backup 
withholding for certain payments, including interest and dividends. 
• Corporations are not exempt from backup withholding for payments 
made in settlement of payment card or third party network transactions. 
• Corporations are not exempt from backup withholding with respect to 
attorneys' fees or gross proceeds paid to attorneys, and corporations 
that provide medical or health care services are not exempt with respect 
to payments reportable on Form 1099-MISC. 
The following codes identify payees that are exempt from backup 
withholding. Enter the appropriate code in the space in line 4. 
1—An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a). any IRA. or 
a custodial account under section 403(1)(7) if the account satisfies the 
requirements of section 401(0(2) 
2—The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities 
3—A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession, or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities 
4—A foreign government or any of its political subdivisions, agencies. 
or instrumentalities 
5—A corporation 
6—A dealer in securities or commodities required to register in the 
United States, the District of Columbia, or a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession 
7—A futures commission merchant registered with the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission 
8—A real estate investment trust 
9—An entity registered at all times during the tax year under the 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
10—A common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a) 
11—A financial institution 
12—A middleman known in the investment community as a nominee or 
custodian 
13—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section 
4947 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SIDNY GM_00184834 
DB-SDNY-0038650 
EFTA01354057

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354058.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 4 
The following chart shows types of payments that may be exempt 
from backup withholding. The chart applies to the exempt payees listed 
above, 1 through 13. 
IF the payment is for ... 
THEN the payment is exempt 
for... 
Interest and dividend payments 
All exempt payees except 
for 7 
Broker transactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 and 6 
through 11 and all C corporations. 
S corporations must not enter an 
exempt payee code because they 
are exempt only for sales of 
noncovered securities acquired 
prior to 2012. 
Barter exchange transactions and 
patronage dividends 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 
Payments over $600 required to be 
reported and direct sales over 
55,000" 
Generally, exempt payees 
through 5' 
Payments made in settlement of 
payment card or third party network 
Uansactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 
I See Form 1099-MISC, Miscellaneous Income, and its instructions. 
However, the following payments made to a corporation and 
reportable on Form 1099-MISC are not exempt from backup 
withholding: medical and health care payments, attorneys' fees, gross 
proceeds paid to an attorney reportable under section 604501 and 
payments for services paid by a federal executive agency. 
Exemption from FATCA reporting code. The following codes identify 
payees that are exempt from reporting under FATCA. These codes 
apply to persons submitting this form for accounts maintained outside 
of the United States by certain foreign financial institutions. Therefore, if 
you are only submitting this form for an account you hold in the United 
States, you may leave this field blank. Consult with the person 
requesting this form if you are uncertain if the financial institution is 
subject to these requirements. A requester may indicate that a code is 
not required by providing you with a Form W-9 with "Not Applicable" (or 
any similar indication) written or printed on the line for a FATCA 
exemption code. 
A—An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a) or any 
individual retirement plan as defined in section 7701(aX37) 
B—The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities 
C —A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession, or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities 
D —A corporation the stock of which is regularly traded on one or 
more established securities markets, as described in Regulations 
section 1.1472-1(cX1)(1) 
E—A corporation that is a member of the same expanded affiliated 
group as a corporation described in Regulations section 1.1472-1(c)(1)(i) 
F —A dealer in securities, commodities, or derivative financial 
instruments (including notional principal contracts, futures, forwards, 
and options) that is registered as such under the laws of the United 
States or any state 
G—A real estate investment trust 
H —A regulated investment company as defined in section 851 or an 
entity registered at all times during the tax year under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 
I—A common trust fund as defined in section 584(a) 
J —A bank as defined in section 581 
K —A broker 
L—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section 
4947(a)(1) 
M —A tax exempt trust under a section 403(b) plan or section 457(g) 
plan 
Note: You may wish to consult with the financial institution requesting 
this form to determine whether the FATCA code and/or exempt payee 
code should be completed. 
Line 5 
Enter your address (number. street. and apartment or suite number). 
This is where the requester of this Form W-9 will mail your information 
returns. If this address differs from the one the requester already has on 
file, write NEW at the top. If a new address is provided, there is still a 
chance the old address will be used until the payor changes your 
address in their records. 
Line 6 
Enter your city, state, and ZIP code. 
Part I. Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. If you are a resident alien and 
you do not have and are not eligible to get an SSN. your TIN is your IRS 
individual taxpayer identification number (ITIN). Enter it in the social 
security number box. If you do not have an ITIN. see How to get a TIN 
below. 
If you are a sole proprietor and you have an EIN, you may enter either 
your SSN or EIN. 
If you are a single-member LLC that is disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner, enter the owner's SSN (or EIN, if the owner has 
one). Do not enter the disregarded entity's EIN. If the LLC is classified as 
a corporation or partnership, enter the entity's EIN. 
Note: See What Name and Number To Give the Requester, later, for 
further clarification of name and TIN combinations. 
How to get a TIN. If you do not have a TIN, apply for one immediately. 
To apply for an SSN, get Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security 
Card, from your local SSA office or get this form online at 
nww.SSA.gov. You may also get this form by calling 1-800-772-1213. 
Use Form W-7. Application for IRS Individual Taxpayer Identification 
Number, to apply for an ITIN, or Form SS-4, Application for Employer 
Identification Number, to apply for an EIN. You can apply for an EIN 
online by accessing the IRS website at www.irs.gov/Businesses and 
clicking on Employer Identification Number (EIN) under Starting a 
Business. Go to wvnv.irs.gov/Forms to view, download, or print Form 
W-7 and/or Form SS-4. Or. you can go to www.irs.gov/OrderForms to 
place an order and have Form W-7 and/or SS-4 mailed to you within 10 
business days. 
If you are asked to complete Form W-9 but do not have a TIN, apply 
for a TIN and write "Applied For" in the space for the TIN, sign and date 
the form, and give it to the requester. For interest and dividend 
payments, and certain payments made with respect to readily tradable 
instruments, generally you will have 60 days to get a TIN and give it to 
the requester before you are subject to backup withholding on 
payments. The 60-day rule does not apply to other types of payments. 
You will be subject to backup withholding on all such payments until 
you provide your TIN to the requester. 
Note: Entering "Applied For" means that you have already applied for a 
TIN or that you intend to apply for one soon. 
Caution: A disregarded U.S. entity that has a foreign owner must use 
the appropriate Form W-8. 
Part II. Certification 
To establish to the withholding agent that you are a U.S. person, or 
resident alien, sign Form W-9. You may be requested to sign by the 
withholding agent even if item 1, 4, or 5 below indicates otherwise. 
For a joint account, only the person whose TIN is shown in Part I 
should sign (when required). In the case of a disregarded entity, the 
person identified on line 1 must sign. Exempt payees, see Exerrpt payee 
code, earlier. 
Signature requirements. Complete the certification as indicated in 
items 1 through 5 below. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184835 
DB-SDNY-0038651 
EFTA01354058

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354059.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354059.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fern W-9 (Rev.i -201r) 
Page 6 
The IRS does not initiate contacts with taxpayers via emails. Also, the 
IRS does not request personal detailed information through email or ask 
taxpayers for the PIN numbers, passwords, or similar secret access 
information for their credit card, bank, or other financial accounts. 
If you receive an unsolicited email claiming to be from the IRS, 
forward this message to phislangears.goy. You may also report misuse 
of the IRS name, logo, or other IRS pro 
Inspector 
General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) at 
You can 
forward suspicious emails to the Federal rade ommission at 
sPameuce.gov or report them at wwwitc 
You
contact the FTC at vevnyitc.goy/idtheft 0 
If you have been the victim of identity theft, see www.IdenatyTnelt.gov 
and Pub. 5027. 
Visit www.irs.payncientilyThelt to learn more about identity theft and 
how to reduce your risk. 
Privacy Act Notice 
Section 6109 of the Internal Revenue Code requires you to provide your 
correct TIN to persons (including federal agencies) who are required to 
file information retums with the IRS to report interest, dividends, or 
certain other income paid to you; mortgage interest you paid: the 
acquisition or abandonment of secured property: the cancellation of 
debt: or contributions you made to an IRA. Archer MSA, or HSA. The 
person collecting this form uses the information on the form to file 
information returns with the IRS. reporting the above information. 
Routine uses of this information include giving it to the Department of 
Justice for civil and criminal litigation and to cities. states, the District of 
Columbia, and U.S. commonwealths and possessions for use in 
administering their laws. The Information also may be disclosed to other 
countries under a treaty, to federal and state agencies to enforce civil 
and criminal laws. or to federal law enforcement and intelligence 
agencies to combat terrorism. You must provide your TIN whether or 
not you are required to file a tax return. Under section 3406, payers 
must generally withhold a percentage of taxable interest, dividend, and 
certain other payments to a payee who does not give a TIN to the payer. 
Certain penalties may also apply for providing false or fraudulent 
information. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184837 
DB-SDNY-0038653 
EFTA01354059

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354060.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
ICAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC 
FORM ADV PART 2A 
Business Address 
East 42nd Street, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
USA 
Phone: (646) 214-7283 
www.icapimlnetwork.com 
March 30, 2018 
This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices of iCapital 
Advisors, LLC ("iCapital"). If you have any questions about the contents of this brochure 
("Brochure"), please contact us at (646) 214 7283. 
The information in this Brochure has not been approved or verified by the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") or by any state securities authority. Additional 
information about iCapital is also available on the SEC's website at www.adviserinfo.sec.gov.
iCapital is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC pursuant to the Investment Advisors 
Act of 1940. as amended (the "Advisers Act"). Recipients of this Brochure should be aware 
that registration with the SEC does not in any way constitute an endorsement by the SEC of an 
investment adviser's skill or expertise. Further, registration does not imply or guarantee that a 
registered adviser has achieved a certain level of skill, competency, sophistication, expertise or 
training in providing advisory services to its clients. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038654 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184838 
EFTA01354060

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354061.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Item 2: Material Changes 
This brochure amendment is made in connection with iCapital's annual updating requirement for 
2018 and serves as an update to Capital's brochure dated March 31, 2017. This brochure contains 
routine annual updates and clarifying changes to the prior brochure, an update to Item 5 relating to 
the collection of an investor servicing fee, an update to Item 8 relating to the scope of diligence 
conducted on certain Funds, and an update to Item 14 relating to iCapital's business relationship 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. In addition. in December 2017. Institutional Capital Network. 
Inc.. the parent company of iCapital. acquired the U.S. private equity access fund platform from the 
Asset Management division of Deutsche Bank. iCapital took over as the investment manager of 
these private equity access funds. 
Item 3: Table of Contents 
Item 2: Material Changes 
Item 3: Table of Contents 
Item 4: Advisory Business 
Item 5: Fees and Compensation 
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side Management 
Item 7: Types of Clients 
Item 8: Methods of Analysis. Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss 
Item 9: Disciplinary Information 
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations 
Item I I: Code of Ethics. Participation or Interest in Client Transactions and Personal Trading 
Item 12: Brokerage Practices 
Item I 3: Review of Accounts 
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other Compensation 
Item IS: Custody 
Item 16: Investment Discretion 
Item 17: Voting Client Securities 
Item IS: Financial Information 
Item 4: Advisory Business 
iCapital Advisors. LLC ("iCapital". "we", "us" or "the Firm"), is a Delaware limited liability 
company that has been in business since May. 2014. We are wholly-owned by Institutional 
Capital Network, Inc. (the "Company") and have our principal place of business in New 
York, NY. iCapital Securities. LLC ("iCapital Securities"), is a broker-dealer primarily 
engaged in the private placement of securities and is registered with the SEC and a member of 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. iCapital Securities serves as the Firm's private 
placement agent in respect of many Funds (as defined below) advised by iCapital and is also a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. For additional information on iCapital Securities, see 
Item 14 below. 
iCapital provides investment advisory services to each of iCapital Carlyle Property Investors 
Access Fund. LP.. iCapital-SV7. L.P., iCapital-SLP V Access Fund, LP.. iCapital-MSD Private 
Credit Opportunity II Access Fund. L.P.. iCapital-BTAS IV Access Fund, LP.. BTAS IV Private 
Investors (U.S.), L.P., Invesco Venture Alpha Feeder Fund, L.P., Private Equity Select Master 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038655 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184839 
EFTA01354061

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354062.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Trust I. Private Equity Global Select Master Fund. Private Equity Global Select Master Fund 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund III. Private Equity Global Select Master Fund IV, 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund V, Private Equity Global Select Fund VI (U.S.), LP.. 
Private Equity Global Select Fund VII (U.S.), LP., Private Equity Asia Select Master Fund, Private 
Equity Asia Select Master Fund II. Private Equity Asia Select Fund III (U.S.), LP.. Private Equity 
Asia Select Fund III (International), LP., Private Equity Asia Select Fund IV (U.S.), LP.. Private 
Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International). LP.. Opportunistic Real Estate and Infrastructure 
Select Fund (International) LP., Opportunistic Real Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (U.S.), 
LP.. Private Equity & Credit Opportunities Select Fund (U.S.), LP.. Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select Fund (International). LP., Energy Select Fund (U.S.). LP., Energy Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Credit Opportunities Access Fund (International), LP., Secondary 
Opportunities Fund II Private Client Feeder Fund.. KKR Credit Select Access Fund (U.S.), LP.. 
6200 Hollywood Blvd. North. Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.), Dislocation 
Opportunities Access Fund (International), Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client 
Feeder Fund (U.S.), LP., Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International). LP.. BEP Private 
Investors II GP, Ltd.. BEP Private Investors II (International). LP., BTAS 2015 Private Investors 
(U.S.), LP., BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International), LP.. KKR Credit Select Access Fund II 
(U.S.), LP., Vista Software Select Access Fund (U.S.), LP., Private Equity Global Select II SICAR, 
S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select IV SICAR, S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select V S.C.A. 
SICAR. Private Equity Asia Select III S.C.A.. SICAR, Private Equity & Credit Opportunities 
Select, iCapital-OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II Access Fund. LP.. iCapital-KW Access Fund. 
LP.. iCapital-TEP Access Fund. LP.. iCapital-TEP Non-U.S. Access Fund, iCapital-Apollo 
Structured Credit Recovery Access Fund. LP.. iCapital-2015 Vintage Access Fund, L.P.. 
iCapital-Warburg Pincus Private Equity XII Access Fund, LP., iCapital-KV Seed C Access Fund, 
LP., iCapital-SH Access Fund, LP., iCapital- HG Vora Access Fund, L.P., Royalty Investment 
Fund Limited Partnership. iCapital Private Credit Access Fund, LP., iCapital Arbitrage Fund, a 
series of iCapital Global Access Partnership II, LP., and Horizon Opportunities Fund, a series 
of iCapital Global Access Partnership II, LP. (each of the foregoing, a "Private Access 
Fund"), along with iCapital MLP Fund, LP., and International Growth Equity Fund and 
International Value Equity Fund, each a series of iCapital Global Access Partnership II, LP. 
(each a "Direct Investment Fund," each Private Access Fund or Direct Investment Fund, a 
"Fund" and collectively referred to herein as the "Funds"). iCapital provides investment 
advisory services to the Funds and may provide investment advisory services to other 
investment vehicles in the future. Investment advice is provided directly to the Funds, subject 
to the discretion and control of the applicable general partner. and not individually to the 
investors in a Fund. Each of the Funds is exempt from registration under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Funds' securities are not registered under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. iCapital's advisory services primarily include identifying 
underlying private equity or hedge fund managers with whom to invest the assets of its Private 
Access Funds or identifying sub-advisors to assist iCapital in managing the Direct Investment 
Funds. Each Fund is managed in accordance with the applicable Fund's confidential private 
placement memorandum (the "PPM"). 
The Private Access Funds managed by iCapital were formed to pool investments of investors 
for the purpose of investing each such Fund's assets with private equity or hedge funds 
("Underlying Funds") managed by third-party managers ("Underlying Managers") that 
are selected by iCapital. Each Underlying Fund has its own PPM ("Underlying Fund PPM"), 
which includes important disclosures with respect to investment related risks, macroeconomic 
considerations, fees and other potential conflict issues, and such other disclosures as are 
determined appropriate by the Underlying Managers. The Direct Investment Funds primarily 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038656 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184840 
EFTA01354062

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354063.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354063.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
make investments directly in certain equity securities recommended by a sub-adviser (a "Sub-
Adviser") selected by iCapital in accordance with each such Fund's respective investment 
objective and any investment guidelines, as set forth in that Fund's PPM. 
These Funds permit investors to access leading private equity and hedge funds at investment 
minimums which may be as low as $100,000. as set forth in the applicable PPM. 
Each Fund is managed only in accordance with its own investment objectives and restrictions 
and is not tailored to any particular private fund investor (each an "Investor"). Since iCapital 
does not provide individualized advice to Investors. Investors should consider whether a 
particular Fund meets their investment objectives and risk tolerance prior to investing. We do 
not permit Investors in the Funds to impose limitations on the investment activity described in 
the Funds' offering documents. Information about each Fund can be found in its offering 
documents, including its PPM and limited partnership agreement (the "LPA"). 
As 
of December 
31, 
2017 
total discretionary 
assets 
under 
management 
were 
$4,014,735,581.86. Please note that for certain Funds, December 31, 2017 values were not 
available from the Underlying Funds and as a result, assets under management for these Funds 
are as of September 30. 2017. 1
iCapital has included in its regulatory assets under management the assets of any clients for 
which it (or one of its affiliates) serves as general partner. 
Institutional Capital Network. Inc., the parent of iCapital, is owned by various persons, 
including certain management persons and employees of iCapital. none of which own 25% or 
more of the corporation. 
Michael Stanton is iCapital's Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO"). 
Item 5: Fees and Compensation 
Management Fee for the Funds: 
iCapital will charge each Fund a management fee, generally charged quarterly in advance, equal 
to the aggregate management fee assessed with respect to each Investor. The management fee 
charged will typically range between 0.25% to 1.25% per annum, a portion of which, in respect 
of the Direct Investment Funds only, is paid by iCapital or its affiliates to the applicable Sub-
Adviser for services provided by the Sub-Adviser. To the extent an Investor withdraws or is 
withdrawn other than at the end of a calendar quarter, and the Investor prepaid the 
Finds with 930/2017 values are as Colton Private Equity Select Master Trust I. Private Equity Global Select Master Fund. Private Equity Global Select 
Master Fund It Private Equity Global Select Master fund M. Private Equity Global Select Muter Fund N. Private Equity Global Select Mane. Fund V. Private 
Equity Global Select Fund VI (U.S.). LP.. Private Equity Global Select Fund VII (U.S.) LP.. Private Equity Asia Select Master Fund. Private Equity Asia Select 
Master Fund It Private Equity Asia Select Fund III (U.S.) LP.. Pointe Equity Asia Select Fund III (Internaeorn1) LP.. Private Equity Asia Select Fund IV (Cat 
LP.. Private Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International) LP. Opportunistic Real Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (International) LP.. Opportunistic Real 
Estate and Irdrausucture Select Fund (U.S.). LP.. Private Equity 8, Credit Opportunities Select Fund (US.). LP., Pnvate Equity &Credit Opportunities Select 
Fund (International). LP.. Energy Select Fund (US.) LP.. Energy Select Fund (International) LP.. Credit Opportunities Access Fend (International) LP.. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II Prince Client Feeder Fund.. KKR Credit Select Access Fund (U.S.) LP.. 6200 Hollywood NA. North. Oslocaoon 
Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.) Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund (Internauonal) Secondary Depot-twines Fund Ill Private Client Feeder Fund 
(US). LP.. Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International). LP.. SEP Private Investors II GP. Ltd.. SEP Private Investors II (International) LP, BIAS 2015 
Private Investors (US.) LP.. BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International) LP.. KKR Creat Select Access Fund II (US.). LP.. Vista Software Select Access 
Fund (U.S.) LP.. Private Equity Global Select I SCM. S.C.A_ Private Equity Global Select IV SCAR. S.C.A. Private Equiry Global Select V SC.A SCAR. 
Private &pity Ana Select IN S.C.A. SCAR. Private Equity & Creek Opportunities Select iCapti Vintage II Access Fund. LP.. Captal-SV7. LP.. hwesco 
Venture Alpha Feeder Fund LP.. Capul- KV Seed C Access Fund LP.. uCapta6 TEP Non-US Access Fund. LP.. iCapital- TEP Access Fund. LP.. Capital-
KW Access Fund LP.. Capital Private Credit Access Fund. LP, Capital• 2015 Vintage Access fund. LP_ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038657 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184841 
EFTA01354063

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354064.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
management fee up through the end of that calendar quarter. such Investor will generally 
receive a pro rata share of any management fee it prepaid for any quarter. based on the 
Investor's date of withdrawal, unless the applicable Fund documents provide otherwise. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing. iCapital in its sole and absolute discretion may elect to waive 
or otherwise reduce the management fee attributable to any Investor. 
Investor Servicing Fee: 
In addition to the management fee described above, iCapital may be entitled to receive an investor 
servicing fee from the Underlying Manager typically charged as a percentage of the Fund's aggregate 
capital contributions. Typically, the General Partner of the Underlying Fund is responsible for 
payment of the Investor Servicing Fee to iCapital. Investors should refer to the Fund's PPM for full 
disclosure relating to all the fees an investor might be subject to or received by iCapital. 
Payments to Underlying Managers: 
In addition to the management fee described above, the Private Access Funds are generally 
subject to their pro rata portion of any fees charged by the Underlying Funds. These fees 
typically include a management fee, which generally ranges from 1% - 2% on an annual basis. 
and in most cases an incentive compensation arrangement, which generally ranges from 10% -
20% of the capital appreciation in the Underlying Fund. In respect of the Underlying Funds that 
are private equity funds, such Private Access Funds are often subject to a preferred return and 
general partner catch-up. In addition, each Fund will indirectly bear its pro-rata share of 
organizational expenses and other operational expenses and costs and expenses payable by the 
Fund to the Underlying Fund. Furthermore, certain Underlying Funds will offset the amount of 
any management fees payable by a Private Access Fund (and its other limited partners or 
shareholders) by the amount of any transaction fees, break-up fees, commitment fees, 
underwriting fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, modification fees, monitoring fees, consulting 
fees, directors' fees, advisory fees, closing fees and other similar fees received and retained by 
the Underlying Fund Manager (or any of its affiliates) in respect of such Underlying Fund. 
Investors should refer to the Underlying Fund PPMs for full disclosure relating to all the fees a 
Private Access Fund would be subject to in connection with its investment in an Underlying 
Fund. 
Service Providers: 
In connection with its management activities, iCapital may engage various service providers. 
Service providers to each Fund may be compensated as a fund expense (as described below) 
or may be compensated out of iCapital's fee. iCapital has engaged Dynasty Securities, LLC 
("Dynasty") as a service provider for certain Funds. Dynasty may provide certain 
administrative, marketing and technical support services to iCapital and may receive fees 
typically ranging from 
.075% - .25% in relation to investors who are clients of Dynasty's network of financial advisory 
firms. Dynasty is an independent company, not affiliated with iCapital. There is no form of legal 
partnership. agency, affiliated or similar relationship between iCapital and Dynasty. 
Organizational Expenses: 
Each Fund will bear its own organizational and offering expenses. Such organizational and 
offering expenses generally include. but are not limited to. legal expenses, travel, accounting, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038658 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184842 
EFTA01354064

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354065.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
filing, capital-raising and other expenses incurred in connection with the formation of the Fund 
and the offering of the Interests (including costs associated with preparing and distributing 
offering memoranda). These expenses may be subject to a cap based on the terms set forth in 
each Fund's PPM. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM for further details. 
Fund Expenses: 
The Private Access Fund will generally pay the costs and expenses of the Private Access Fund. 
including without limitation: the management fee: organizational expenses: liquidation expenses 
of the Private Access Fund: any sales or other taxes, fees or government charges which may be 
assessed against the Private Access Fund: expenses and fees related to audits of the Private 
Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Private Access Fund's tax returns; 
costs of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to and other 
communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all governmental returns, reports and 
filings: any subsequent closing interest charged to the Private Access Fund in connection with 
its admission to an Underlying Fund: extraordinary one-time expenses of the Private Access 
Fund; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Private Access 
Fund, including indemnification expenses: commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges 
incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities: the costs and expenses 
(including travel related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise holding 
meetings or conferences with limited partners. whether individually or in a group: expenses 
attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial banking. accounting. 
appraisal. legal. administrative (including any fees and expenses of the administrator for the 
Private Access Fund related to the Private Access Fund or the General Partner). custodial and 
registration services provided to the Private Access Fund and any expenses attributable to 
consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or 
sale of securities by the Private Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is consummated); and 
premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Private Access Fund, the General 
Partner and any of their respective partners. members, stockholders, officers, directors. 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the Private Access Fund. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, limited partners will indirectly bear the cost of 
the Private Access Fund's pro rata share of management fees. carried interest, organizational 
expenses. taxes. indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the Private Access 
Fund as an investor in the Underlying Funds. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM and/or 
Underlying Fund PPM for further details. 
The Direct Investment Funds will bear all the ordinary and extraordinary expenses in 
connection with the offering of its interests and operations, including without limitation: the 
cost of producing and distributing offering memoranda and other marketing and subscription 
materials: printing and mailing costs: filing and regulatory fees and expenses (including any costs 
and expenses in connection with regulatory filings and reports required to be made by a 
Direct Investment Fund. the applicable general partner or the Firm relating to such Direct 
Investment Fund). pricing and valuation fees and expenses (including the costs and expenses of 
valuation agents): accounting. custodial, administrative, legal, audit, bookkeeping and tax 
preparation fees and expenses (including fees and expenses of any administrator or custodian): 
computer software, licensing, programming and operating expenses: investment research and 
research- related products and services: data processing costs; consultant fees: tax, litigation 
and extraordinary expenses. if any. including, without limitation, indemnification, dispute 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038659 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184843 
EFTA01354065

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354066.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354066.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
resolution. litigations and related legal fees and expenses: investment expenses whether 
relating to investments that are consummated or unconsummated (e.g., expenses which, in the 
determination of the applicable general partner. iCapital or any sub-adviser, if appropriate, are 
related to the investment of such Direct Investment Fund's assets, such as brokerage 
commissions. spreads. mark-ups on securities, interest expenses. custodial and sub-custodial 
transaction charges and any costs associated with collateral management): insurance expenses. 
bank charges. currency hedging costs: and other investment and operating expenses. Expenses 
borne by any such Direct Investment Fund for audit expenses. preparation of the Funds' tax 
returns and liquidation expenses of such Direct Investment Fund may be subject to a cap as set 
forth in the applicable Direct Investment Fund's PPM. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM 
for further details. 
iCapital will pay all overhead expenses. including its employees' salaries, rent. utilities. etc. 
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side Management 
iCapital may charge the Funds a performance-based fee or carried interest to its Investors. 
Performance-based compensation may create an incentive for iCapital to make more 
speculative investments than would otherwise be made or make decisions regarding the timing 
and manner of realization of investments differently than if such compensation were not 
received. In addition, a Private Access Fund will bear its pro rata share of management fees, 
performance fees, carried interest or other expenses charged by an Underlying Fund. Please 
refer to the iCapital and applicable Underlying Funds' PPM for further details and methods of 
calculating the fees charged to the applicable Private Access Fund. 
Item 7: Types of Clients 
The Clients of iCapital are the Funds. The Funds rely on an exemption from the definition of 
"investment company" under Section 3(c)(7) or Section 3(c)(I) of the Investment Company 
Act, which requires that its securities are to be held exclusively by "Qualified Purchasers" as 
defined in the Investment Company Act iCapital offers interests in the Funds pursuant to 
Regulation D and Regulation S under the 1933 Act. 
Investors in the Funds may include high net worth individuals and estate planning vehicles as 
well as a variety of institutional investors (e.g., employee benefit plans, endowments, 
foundations, corporations and other types of entities and other corporations or businesses) 
meeting the terms of the exceptions and exemptions under which the Funds operate and 
wishing to invest in accordance with a particular Fund's investment objective. 
iCapital does not have a minimum size for a Fund, but the minimum investment commitment in a 
Fund is generally $100,000 or $250,000 depending on the Fund, although iCapital has the authority 
to accept subscriptions for a lesser amount. 
iCapital may from time to time enter into letter agreements or other similar agreements 
(collectively, "Side Letters") with one or more investors or shareholders of a pooled investment 
vehicle which provide such investor or shareholder(s) with additional and/or different rights 
(including, without limitation, with respect to management fees, the performance allocations, 
withdrawals, access to information and additional capacity offered by the third-party managers, 
minimum investment amounts and liquidity terms) than such shareholder(s) or investors have 
pursuant to general terms of such pooled investment vehicle. iCapital will not be required to notify 
any or all of the other investors or shareholders of any such written agreements or any of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038660 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184844 
EFTA01354066

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354067.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will iCapital be required to offer such additional 
and/or different rights and/or terms to any or all of the other investors or shareholders. 
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss 
Underlying Fund Manager/Sub-Adviser Selection: 
The Private Access Funds' primary investment objective will be to allow investors to gain 
exposure to select fund managers at significantly lower investment minimums than would be 
required for a direct investment in any Underlying Fund. iCapital will accomplish this by 
leveraging our sourcing advantages and employing an ongoing "bottom-up" diligence approach. 
The Direct Investment Funds' investment objective is to provide its investors access to 
portfolio management by a variety of Sub-Advisers selected by iCapital. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Private Equity Funds): 
iCapital's due diligence team is focused on conducting investment, operations, and legal due 
diligence on the Private Access Fund offerings made available on iCapital's platform. iCapital's 
due diligence process comprises three stages. In the initial quantitative phase of evaluation, 
iCapital reviews the forward calendar of funds coming to market to develop market maps 
across the various private equity strategies (buyouts. growth capital. mezzanine. etc.) to 
identify funds likely to be appealing to iCapital's network. At this stage. iCapital also identifies 
fundraising schedules and targets and compares performance against benchmarks and against 
specific managers in the pipeline. 
Once iCapital has isolated funds coming to market in the ensuing 18 months. iCapital proceeds 
to the second phase of the due diligence process. During this phase. iCapital conducts a 
comprehensive evaluation of the manager's track record, a detailed benchmarking analysis. and 
a thorough review of the competitive landscape. iCapital has an initial meeting with the 
investment team and seeks to analyze the fund's investment strategy. review the quality and 
competency of the investment team, and understand the market outlook. Before meeting with 
a manager. iCapital's diligence team spends a significant amount of time evaluating data room 
materials provided by the manager. They prepare an agenda with a thorough list of questions. 
Also, during this phase of diligence. iCapital does a complete review of the fund's PPM. LPA. 
and ancillary marketing materials. Finally. iCapital makes reference calls to understand market 
positioning, team stability and depth. and market demand. 
iCapital's due diligence comprises both qualitative and quantitative components. The qualitative 
manager assessment generally includes a full-day onsite during which iCapital meets with the 
manager's investment. operational, and legal professionals. iCapital aims to cover many 
different topics during these meetings, including team depth and stability, investment strategy 
and marketing positioning. competitive landscape. discussion of poor investments and lessons 
learned. iCapital leverages these meetings, the review of the managers' due diligence 
questionnaire, and responses to any additional questions. to evaluate the fund relative to its 
peers with a focus on assessing the team in the context of its depth, diversity, and longevity. 
iCapital assesses the manager's compensation structure to ensure alignment of interest. 
iCapital conducts both on the list and off the list reference calls to contacts including 
executives at portfolio companies. peer firms, institutional LPs, former employees, and service 
providers such as bankers and lawyers. 
iCapital's quantitative analysis is focused on performing a comprehensive track record 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038661 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184845 
EFTA01354067

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354068.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354068.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
assessment. In this evaluation. iCapital looks at internal rate of return ("IRR"). multiple on 
invested capital ("MOIC"), distributions to paid-in ("DPI"), and residual value to paid-in capital 
(RVPI). iCapital looks at the dispersion of returns, benchmark performance. the loss ratio. 
partner attribution on individual deals, investment pacing. cumulative contributions, and other 
inputs. 
Finally. iCapital does a comprehensive review of the fund terms and ensures that the terms are 
in line with similar strategies and follow market standards. Upon completion of the review. 
iCapital prepares a detailed due diligence report outlining the findings with a summary of 
strengths and weaknesses. The due diligence report is presented to iCapital's Investment 
Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment Committee is required for 
any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Hedge Funds): 
The Hedge Fund Private Access Fund selection process encompasses five stages. 
In the first stage, iCapital investigates market opportunity and platform needs. iCapital seeks to 
identify strategies which are best suited for the current market environment In particular. 
iCapital endeavors to add managers that are able to take advantage of a unique opportunity 
that a market dislocation might present. From a platform needs perspective. iCapital seeks to 
maintain an offering of 2 to 3 managers within each of the key hedge fund strategy buckets. 
across a diverse mix of fund manager profiles. As part of this process. iCapital is continually 
examining the peers of existing funds to better understand the markets and strategies. 
At the second stage of the diligence process iCapital aims to identify managers to evaluate 
more closely. iCapital builds a peer group universe, leveraging iCapital's entire sourcing 
capability, to identify managers with strong performance track records, including looking at 
return, volatility and drawdowns. 
The third stage of the diligence process is designed for iCapital to conduct initial diligence on 
select managers. As part of the initial due diligence iCapital will hold a meeting or conference 
call, followed by in-person meetings at the manager's or iCapital's offices. In these meetings. 
iCapital seeks to understand the quality and stability of the investment team, the strength of 
the organization, the past drivers of the track record and the stability of the performance going 
forward. 
In the fourth stage. iCapital proceeds with a diligence deep dive. iCapital makes all investment 
and fund selection decisions but has engaged Castle Hall Alternatives Inc. ("Castle Hall") to 
assist in hedge fund due diligence. Castle Hall performs an independent evaluation of the 
manager from an investment and operational due diligence perspective. Castle Hall's diligence 
process usually takes four to six weeks to complete. 
In the last stage. if iCapital is comfortable with Castle Hall's due diligence findings, the manager 
will be presented to the iCapital Investment Committee. The due diligence report is presented 
to iCapital's Investment Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment 
Committee is required for any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
With respect to all of its diligence activities, while iCapital intends to conduct both investment 
and limited operational due diligence with respect to the Underlying Funds as part of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038662 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184846 
EFTA01354068

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354069.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment selection process and it believes its due diligence and investment selection process 
is thorough, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Funds selected will ultimately be 
successful. Further, operational due diligence will be limited and will not consist of a full 
forensic accounting or a detailed review of internal conflicts. Accordingly. there is the risk that 
iCapital may not detect conflicts of interest, fraudulent behavior or administrative or 
operational weaknesses within the Underlying Funds that may give rise to substantial losses. 
Private Access Funds: Custom Engagements 
In certain cases, iCapital may be engaged by an Underlying Fund Manager or distribution agent 
to facilitate access to an underlying investment vehicle. In such capacity. iCapital will create 
and manage a Private Access Fund solely in an operational capacity to facilitate such 
investments and does not intend to conduct investment or operational due diligence with 
respect to the underlying fund vehicle. Accordingly. there is the risk that iCapital may not 
detect conflicts of interest, fraudulent behavior or administrative or operational weaknesses 
within the Fund that may give rise to substantial losses. 
References to "Fund" in the discussion of risks below shall mean any of the Private Access 
Funds, Direct Investment Funds and/or Underlying Funds, as applicable. 
Risk of Loss: 
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that Investors should be prepared to bear. Investors 
should consider the risks before investing in any Fund. 
The list of risk factors below is not a complete enumeration or explanation of the risks 
involved in an investment through iCapital or any of the Funds it manages. Prospective 
investors are urged to consult their professional advisers and review the offering 
memorandum and other legal documents of the particular Fund before deciding to invest. 
Certain Risk Factors: 
Potential Investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in any Fund. which 
include, but are not limited to, the risks outlined below. For the Private Access Funds such 
risks include the detailed discussion with regard to risks and conflicts of interest generally 
applicable to the applicable Underlying Fund set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM. There can 
be no assurance that any Fund will be successful in achieving such Fund's investment objective 
or the strategies set forth in its PPM. Past results of any Funds. or any of the Underlying 
Managers or Sub-Advisers, are not necessarily indicative of the future performance of the 
Funds. There can be no assurance that a Fund's objectives will be achieved or that Investors 
will not lose their entire investment. 
Private investment funds generally involve various risk factors and liquidity constraints, a 
discussion of which is set forth in each Funds' offering documents, which will be provided to 
each prospective investor for review and consideration prior to investing. We strongly advise 
prospective investors to engage legal and tax counsel to review Fund offering documents prior 
to investing in any private investment fund. Investing in private investment funds is intended 
only for experienced and sophisticated investors who are willing to bear the high economic 
risks of the investment. Carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. Some of 
these risks include loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging or 
other speculative practices. Additionally. Investors may experience volatility of returns, a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038663 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184847 
EFTA01354069

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354070.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
potential lack of diversification, higher fees than those offered through more traditional 
investment products (such as mutual funds), and lack of information regarding valuations and 
pricing. Each prospective investor will be required to complete a subscription agreement for 
any Fund in which it seeks to invest, pursuant to which the prospective investor shall establish 
that he/she is qualified for investment in the Fund, and acknowledges and accepts the various 
risk factors that are associated with such an investment. 
The risks and conflicts of interest described in the Underlying Fund PPM with respect to the 
Underlying Fund and an investment therein apply generally to a Private Access Fund. 
Moreover, without limiting the application or generality of the foregoing. each Private Access 
Fund will be either (A) a newly formed entity or (B) an entity with a limited operating history 
(i) that will not be registered under the Investment Company Act. (ii) that will issue illiquid 
securities that are not registered under the Securities Act or any other laws. (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act. (iv) the Interests of which will be subject to restrictions on 
transfer. (v) which will not be permitted to make full or partial withdrawals from an Underlying 
Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Funds' governing agreement (except in very 
limited circumstances) and 
(vi) with respect to which, investors may lose the entire amount of their investment The 
returns of the Private Access Fund will depend almost entirely on the performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will 
be able to implement its investment objective and strategy. Certain ongoing operating 
expenses of the Private Access Fund, which will be in addition to those expenses borne by the 
Private Access Fund as an investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g.. carried interest, management 
fees, underlying fund expenses. organizational expenses and other expenses and liabilities 
borne by investors in the Underlying Fund), generally will be borne by the Private Access Fund 
and the Investors with a corresponding impact on the returns to the Investors. Such additional 
expenses of the Private Access Fund will reduce the Private Access Funds' performance 
relative to the Underlying Fund. 
Pending investment in the applicable Underlying Fund, the Private Access Fund may invest a 
portion of its assets in short term interest bearing accounts which would not meet the 
Underlying Funds' overall return objectives. An investor in the Private Access Fund will have 
only those rights provided for in the PPM. iCapital is not the General Partner or manager of 
the Underlying Fund. None of any Private Access Fund, iCapital or any of their affiliates will 
take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its management 
strategies and policies. Each Private Access Fund is subject to the risk of bad judgment. 
negligence, or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and its 
affiliates. There have been a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment 
vehicles investing in third-party funds have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor 
misconduct. The PPM will provide for indemnification of iCapital and its affiliates and certain 
other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the expense thereof) will be in 
addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund constituent documents. 
Investors in a Private Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the securities or other assets 
so received in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely tradable. 
With respect to any such securities or other assets distributed in-kind. the risk of loss and 
delay in liquidating these securities or assets will be borne by the Investors of the Private 
Access Fund, with the result that such Investors may receive less cash than reflected in the fair 
value of such securities as determined by iCapital pursuant to the offering documents. 
II 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038664 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184848 
EFTA01354070

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354071.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354071.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
iCapital cannot predict the timing and amounts of the capital contributions that will be 
required to be made by Investors to any Private Access Fund. Such capital contributions may 
be called on an irregular basis, although as previously noted, iCapital will require each Investor 
to make a capital contribution to a Private Access Fund on or before the date it is admitted to 
a Private Access Fund (which amount will be held in escrow pending acceptance of the 
Investor's Subscription by iCapital). iCapital will provide written notice of the exact size and 
timing of the initial capital contribution in advance of the initial closing of a Private Access 
Fund. If an Investor fails to make a required capital contribution to a Private Access Fund on its 
due date (including, without limitation, recalls of distributed capital). regardless of the reason 
(including legal or other prohibitions). Capital may impose substantial penalties on such 
Investor and use any available remedies to enforce the contribution obligation. If a Private 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its investment in the 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of an Investor or otherwise, the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Private Access Fund, including 
forfeiture of all, or a part of. its investment in the Underlying Fund, which will have a material 
negative impact on the return of the Private Access Fund as a whole. 
By making the Private Access Funds available, neither iCapital nor any of its affiliates is 
providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an 
investment in a Private Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. iCapital and its affiliates and 
personnel are not required to devote all or any specified portion of their time to managing the 
Private Access Funds' affairs, or from engaging in any other business activities, whether or not 
competitive with a Private Access Fund. Each prospective investor in a Private Access Fund 
should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal. tax, financial and related 
matters concerning an investment in the Private Access Fund. 
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund Investors in a Private Access Fund will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund and will 
have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the Underlying Fund Manager. their 
respective affiliates o• any of their respective advisors, officers, directors, employees, partners 
or members. 
No Rights to Vote or Partidpate. In the event that there is an issue to be voted upon by the 
investors of any Underlying Fund. iCapital. and not the Investors in any Private Access Fund, 
will determine how a Private Access Fund's interest in the applicable Underlying Fund will be 
voted. In addition, Investors in any Private Access Fund will have no opportunity to participate 
directly in the day-to-day operations of such Underlying Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund. The terms of each Underlying Fund are subject to change. There 
can be no assurances that the partners of any Underlying Fund will not amend such Underlying 
Funds' governing agreement. Neither any Private Access Fund nor iCapital will have the ability 
to unilaterally block any amendment of any Underlying Funds' governing agreement. None of 
any Underlying Fund Manager. any Underlying Fund or iCapital will have any liability or 
responsibility to any Investor for any changes to the terms of the Underlying Fund. iCapital is 
under no obligation to revise or supplement the applicable PPM. notwithstanding any 
amendments to any Underlying Funds' governingagreement. 
Repayment of Distributions. In the event any Underlying Fund is unable otherwise to meet its 
indemnification obligations, a Private Access Fund may be required to repay to such Underlying 
Fund or to pay creditors of such Underlying Fund, as applicable, distributions previously 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038665 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184849 
EFTA01354071

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354072.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354072.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
received by it. In addition, a Private Access Fund may be required to pay to an Underlying Fund 
amounts that are required to be withheld by the Underlying Fund for tax purposes. A Private 
Access Fund may require Investors to return to the Private Access Fund all or part of any 
distribution by the Private Access Fund to the Investors in order to satisfy all or any portion of 
such Private Access Fund's indemnification and other obligations in respect of itself or the 
applicable Underlying Fund. Similarly. Investors may be required to repay or pay such amounts 
to a Private Access Fund if the Private Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Investors will be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Investor will be furnished information on a 
Schedule K- I for preparation of such Investor's individual U.S. federal income tax return. The 
furnishing of such information is subject to. among other things. the timely receipt by a Fund of 
information from the applicable Underlying Fund or Sub-Adviser. 
Tax Liabilities in Excess of Cash Distributions. Due to potential timing differences between income 
recognition for tax purposes and actual cash distributions by a Fund, an Investor may incur 
income tax liabilities in excess of actual cash distributions made prior to the date such liabilities 
arise or such taxes are due. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors may recognize UBTI from a Fund for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes and any such amounts of UBTI could be significant. 
Illiquidity of Private Access Fund Investments. Certain of the Private Access Funds' investment 
portfolios will primarily consist of investments in private equity funds. Prospective investors 
should be aware of the long-term nature of these types of investments. An investment by a 
Private Access Fund in a private equity fund is highly illiquid because the market for the sale of 
such investments is limited, and the transferability of such investments is also generally 
restricted. There are no assurances that a Private Access Fund will be able to liquidate a 
particular private equity fund interest at the time and upon the terms it desires. 
Economic and Market Risk Companies and securities in which a Fund will invest may be 
sensitive to general downward swings in the overall economy or in their specific industries or 
geographies. Factors affecting economic conditions, including, for example. inflation rates, 
currency 
devaluation, 
exchange rate fluctuations, industry 
conditions, competition, 
technological developments, domestic and worldwide political, military and diplomatic events 
and trends and innumerable other factors, none of which will be in the control of a Fund, can 
substantially and adversely affect the business and prospects of the Funds. A major recession 
or adverse developments in the securities market might have an impact on some or all of a 
Fund's investments. In addition, where a Fund is a private equity fund, factors specific to a 
portfolio company may have an adverse effect on the underlying private equity funds' 
investment in such company. iCapital may rely upon an Underlying Fund Manager's or Sub-
Adviser's projections concerning an underlying Fund's or a security's future performance in 
making investment decisions. Such projections are inherently subject to uncertainty and to 
certain factors beyond the control of such Fund and iCapital. 
Consequences of Default. In the event that a Private Access Fund that invests in an Underlying 
Fund that is a private equity fund fails to make a capital contribution to that Underlying Fund as 
a result of the failure of an Investor to make a capital contribution to the Private Access Fund, 
the Underlying Fund may impose certain remedies against the Private Access Fund, including 
without limitation, causing the Private Access Fund to forfeit all or a portion of its interest in 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038666 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184850 
EFTA01354072

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354073.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354073.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
such Underlying Fund. 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is subject to a default (the 
"Defaulted Amount"). iCapital may call additional capital from the Investors that have already 
made the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded Subscriptions). pro 
rata based on the ratio of such Investor's unpaid Subscription to the aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of all Investors, to the extent necessary to fund the Defaulted Amount. 
If an Investor fails to pay in full any requested capital contributions. iCapital may take certain 
actions which may result in a sale of such Investor's Interest or a forfeiture of all or a portion 
of such Investor's Interest Additionally, iCapital may pursue any available legal remedies, with 
the expenses of collection of the unpaid amount including attorneys' fees, to be paid by such 
defaulting Investor. A defaulting Investor will be responsible for interest charges and default 
charges imposed by an Underlying Fund that arise from or relate to such Investor's failure to 
pay requested capital contributions. 
Series Limited Partnership; Cross-Series Liabilities. Certain Funds have been established as a single 
series of a series limited partnership (each, a "Partnership"). The Delaware Act provides 
that if certain requirements of the Delaware Act are satisfied, the debts, liabilities and 
obligations relating to a particular series of a series limited partnership are enforceable only 
against the assets of that series and not against the assets of the limited partnership generally 
or the assets of any other series of the limited partnership. Because these provisions were 
enacted relatively recently. there is a dearth of case law interpreting those provisions. Further, 
a Partnership may operate or have assets held on its behalf or be subject to claims in other 
jurisdictions which may not necessarily recognize the legal segregation of a Fund and other 
series of the Partnership. Finally, other contractual arrangements entered into by a 
Partnership, a Fund or another series of the Partnership may have the effect of defeating the 
segregation protections of the Delaware Act Accordingly. the degree of separation that a 
Fund enjoys from the debts, liabilities and obligations of other series of a Partnership is not 
certain. Each Partnership intends that the assets of each series of that Partnership including the 
applicable Fund will be structured to comply with the Delaware Act and that such Fund will be 
operated with the assets of each 
series segregated on the books and records of such 
Partnership so that the assets of one series of the Partnership are not subject to the liabilities 
of any other series; however, there is no assurance that this structure and operation will be 
respected in all circumstances and in all jurisdictions. It is therefore possible that the assets 
attributable to one series may be insufficient to meet the debts, liabilities and obligations of 
such series and. consequently. that creditors of such series will seek recourse against the assets 
of a Fund. 
Reliance on the Sub-Adviser and its Personnel. Under the applicable sub-advisory agreement in 
respect of certain of the Funds, a Sub-Adviser has complete discretion in selecting portfolio 
investments on behalf of that Fund. The success of a Fund depends, to a great extent on a 
Sub- Adviser's ability to identify favorable investment opportunities and to effectively allocate 
the assets of the Fund among such opportunities. Accordingly. a Direct Investment Fund's 
success will depend substantially on the skill and acumen of key employees of that Sub-Adviser. 
If a Sub- Adviser or any Sub-Adviser's key employees should cease to participate in that Fund's 
business, the Fund's ability to select attractive investments and manage its portfolio could be 
impaired. In addition, to the extent a sub-advisory agreement is terminated for any reason, 
either by the applicable Sub-Adviser or the applicable general partner. there is no assurance 
that any replacement sub-adviser engaged by the general partner will have equivalent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038667 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184851 
EFTA01354073

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354074.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354074.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
experience, skill or resources as the existing Sub-Adviser. 
General Economic and Market Conditions and Issuer Risk. Any investment in securities carries 
certain market risks. In addition to the factors discussed in the applicable Fund's PPM, 
investments by a Fund may decline in value for any number of reasons over which the Fund 
may have no control, including changes in the overall market for equity or equity-like securities 
and other general economic and market conditions, such as interest rates, availability of credit, 
inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, currency exchange rates and controls 
and national and international political circumstances (including wars and security operations). 
The value of a Fund may also decline as a result of factors pertaining to particular portfolio 
securities held by such Fund, such as perception or changes in the issuer's management, the 
market for the issuer's products or services, sources of supply. technological changes within 
the issuer's industry, the availability of additional capital and labor, general economic 
conditions, political conditions, and other similar conditions. All of these factors may affect the 
level and volatility of security prices and the liquidity and the value of the securities held by a 
Fund. Unexpected volatility or illiquidity could impair a Fund's profitability or result in it 
suffering losses. 
Equity Securities Risks. Equity securities represent an ownership interest, or the right to acquire 
an ownership interest, in an issuer. Equity securities also include, among other things, 
preferred stocks, securities issued by investment companies including ETFs. interests in REITs. 
convertible 
stocks, equity interests in trusts, partnerships. joint ventures. limited liability companies and 
similar enterprises, warrants. and stock purchase rights. The values of equity securities, such as 
common stocks and preferred stocks. may decline due to general market conditions that are 
not related to a specific company. such as: real or perceived adverse economic conditions: 
changes in the general outlook for corporate earnings: and changes in interest or currency 
rates or ad verse investor sentiment generally. The value of equity securities may also decline 
due to factors that affect a particular industry or industries, such as workforce shortages or 
increased production costs and competitive conditions within an industry. 
Investments in Non-U.S. Issuers. Certain Funds invest in equity and equity related securities of 
foreign issuers, depository receipts and other securities or instruments that represent an 
indirect interest in securities of foreign issuers, collective vehicles that invest in foreign 
securities and other securities, derivatives or instruments whose performance is linked to the 
performance of foreign securities or baskets of foreign securities. Investments in foreign 
securities are affected by risk factors generally not thought to be present in the United States. 
These risks may be increased to the extent that a Fund invests in issuers in emerging markets. 
Such factors include, but are not limited to. the following: varying custody, brokerage and 
settlement practices; difficulty in valuation and pricing; less public information about issuers of 
foreign securities; less governmental regulation and supervision over the issuance and trading 
of securities; the unavailability of financial information regarding the foreign issuer or the 
difficulty of interpreting financial information prepared under foreign accounting standards; less 
liquidity and more volatility in foreign security markets; the possibility of expropriation or 
nationalization; the imposition of withholding and other taxes: adverse political, social or 
diplomatic developments: limitations on the movement of funds or other assets of a Fund 
between different countries; difficulties in invoking the legal process outside of the U.S. and 
enforcing contractual obligations; and the difficulty of assessing economic trends in foreign 
countries. Moreover, governmental issuers of foreign securities or other instruments may be 
unwilling to repay principal and interest due and may require that the conditions for payment 
be renegotiated. Investment in foreign countries also involves higher brokerage and custodian 
IS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038668 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184852 
EFTA01354074

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354075.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354075.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
expenses than does investment in U.S. securities traded on a U.S. securities exchange or 
market 
Among numerous other types of securities, certain Funds will purchase American Depositary 
Receipts (ADRs), European Depositary Receipts (EDRs) and Global Depositary Receipts 
(GDRs). ADRs, EDRs and GDRs are certificates evidencing ownership of shares of a non-U.S. 
issuer and are alternatives to directly purchasing the underlying non-U.S. securities in their 
national markets and currencies. However, such investments continue to be subject to many of 
the risks associated with investing directly in non-U.S. securities. These risks include the 
political and economic risks of the underlying issuer's country, as well as in the case of 
depositary receipts traded on non-U.S. markets, foreign exchange risk. ADRs. EDRs and GDRs 
may be sponsored or unsponsored. Unsponsored receipts are established without the 
participation of the issuer. Unsponsored receipts may involve higher expenses, they may not 
pass-through voting or other shareholder rights, and they may be less liquid. The performance 
of ADRs. EDRs and GDRs may be different from the performance of the ordinary shares of 
the non-U.S. issuer to which they relate. 
Investment in Emerging Markets. Certain Funds will invest in securities of companies based in. 
traded on an exchange in, or with substantial business in or issued by the governments of. 
emerging markets, including, but not limited to. certain Central and Eastern European 
countries. Asian countries and Latin American countries. These securities involve risks and 
may be highly volatile and subject to significant market swings. due to the inexperience 
of financial intermediaries, the lack of modern technology, the lack of a sufficient capital base to 
expand business operations. and the possibility of temporary or permanent termination of 
trading. Political and economic structures in many emerging markets may be undergoing 
significant evolution and rapid development and emerging markets lack the social, political and 
economic stability characteristics of more developed countries. As a result the risks relating 
to investments in foreign securities described above, including the possibility of nationalization 
or expropriation. may be heightened. In addition, certain countries may restrict or prohibit 
investment opportunities in issuers or industries deemed important to national interests. Such 
restrictions may affect the market price, liquidity and rights of securities that may be purchased 
by a Fund. Settlement mechanisms in emerging securities markets may be less efficient and less 
reliable than in more developed markets and placing securities with a custodian or broker-
dealer in an emerging country may also present considerable risks. The small size of securities 
markets in such countries and the low volume of trading may result in a lack of liquidity and in 
substantially greater price volatility. 
Foreign Currency. Because a Fund may invest its assets in instruments quoted or denominated in 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar or the price of which is determined with reference to 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar, changes in the U.S. dollar exchange rate will affect the 
dollar value of securities in such Fund's portfolio and the realized and unrealized appreciation 
or depreciation of investments. A Fund will, however, value its securities and other assets in 
U.S. dollars. A Fund may. but is not required to, hedge the currency exposure inherent in the 
Fund's investments in non-U.S. securities. To the extent unhedged, the value of a Fund's assets 
will fluctuate with U.S. dollar exchange rates as well as the price changes of the Fund's 
investments in the various local markets and currencies. Thus, an increase in the value of the 
U.S. dollar compared to the other currencies in which a Fund makes its investments will 
reduce the effect of increases and magnify the effect of declines in the values of the Fund's 
securities denominated in currencies of their local markets. Conversely, a decline in the value 
of the U.S. dollar will have the opposite effect on a Fund's non-U.S. dollar-denominated 
securities. Currency exchange rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038669 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184853 
EFTA01354075

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354076.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
They generally are determined by the forces of supply and demand in the foreign exchange 
markets and the relative merits of investments in different countries, changes in interest rates 
and other factors. Currency exchange rates can also be affected by intervention, or the failure 
to intervene, by U.S. and foreign governments or central banks, or by currency controls or 
political developments in the United States and abroad. The exchange rate between the 
currencies of various emerging market countries and the U.S. dollar has changed substantially 
in the last two decades and may fluctuate substantially in the future. 
Credit Risk. An issuer or counterparty may fail to pay its obligations to a Fund when they are 
due. Financial strength and solvency (or the perceived financial strength or solvency) of an 
issuer are the primary factors influencing credit risk. Changes in the financial condition of an 
issuer or counterparty, changes in specific economic, social or political conditions that affect a 
particular type of security or other instrument or an issuer, and changes in economic, social or 
political conditions generally can increase the risk of default by an issuer or counterparty, 
which can affect a security's or other instrument's credit quality or value and an issuer's or 
counterparty's ability to pay interest and principal when due. The values of lower quality debt, 
including loans, tend to be particularly sensitive to these changes. The values of investments 
also may decline for a number of other reasons that relate directly to the issuer, such as 
management performance, financial leverage and reduced demand for the issuer's goods and 
services, as well as the historical and prospective earnings of the issuer and the value of its 
assets. In addition, lack or inadequacy of collateral or credit enhancements for a debt obligation 
may affect its credit risk. Credit risk of an investment may change over time, and securities or 
other instruments that are rated by ratings agencies may be subject to downgrade. Ratings are 
only opinions of the agencies issuing them as to the likelihood of payment. They are not 
guarantees as to quality and they do not reflect market risk. If an issuer or counterparty fails to 
pay interest, a Fund's income might be reduced and the value of the investment might fall, and 
if an issuer or counterparty fails to pay principal, the value of the investment might fall and the 
Direct Investment Fund could lose the amount of its investment. 
Concentration. Certain Funds' portfolios are expected to be concentrated from time to time 
and/or have investments focused in particular countries, regions. sectors, companies or 
industries with high positive correlations to one another and the effect of this, together with 
its long-term approach to investment, could result in large movements in the portfolio value. A 
concentrated portfolio increases the importance of the selection of each stock, industry and/or 
country as a determinant of investment performance and also increases the volatility of a Fund. 
In addition, companies in an industry, country or region in which a Fund concentrates may fall 
out of favor with investors, causing the Fund to lose money or underperform the stock market 
or funds concentrated in other industries, countries or regions. Accordingly, to the extent the 
portfolio does concentrate in any of these ways. the overall adverse impact on a Fund of 
adverse developments in the business of such issuer, such industry or the government or 
affairs of such countries or regions. could be considerably greater than if it did not concentrate 
its investments to such an extent Although the investment guidelines of a Fund are intended 
to help mitigate these risks of portfolio concentration, there is no assurance such guidelines 
will be effective in limiting the adverse effects. 
Settlement Risk. Settlement and clearance procedures in certain foreign markets differ 
significantly from those in the U.S. Foreign settlement and clearance procedures and trade 
regulations also may involve certain risks (such as delays in payment for or delivery of 
securities) not typically associated with the settlement of U.S. investments. At times, 
settlements in certain foreign countries have not kept pace with the number of securities 
transactions. These problems may make it difficult for the Fund to carry out transactions. If a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038670 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184854 
EFTA01354076

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354077.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354077.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a purchase of securities, it may miss attractive 
investment opportunities and certain of its assets may be uninvested with no return earned 
thereon for some period. If a Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a sale of securities, it 
may lose money if the value of the security then declines or. if it has contracted to sell the 
security to another party. the Fund could be liable for any losses incurred. 
Small or Medium-Sized Companies. Investing in the securities of small or medium-sized 
companies can involve greater risk and the possibility of greater portfolio price volatility than is 
typically associated with equity investments in larger, more established issuers. Historically, 
stocks of small or medium-sized companies and recently organized companies have been more 
volatile in price than those of larger companies. Among the reasons for greater price volatility 
of the stocks of these smaller companies is the lower degree of liquidity in the markets for such 
stocks. Further, smaller companies and unseasoned companies may have limited product lines. 
markets or financial resources, and they may depend upon a limited or less experienced 
management group. The securities of smaller companies may be traded only on the over-the-
counter markets or on a regional securities exchange and may not be traded daily or in the 
volume typical of trading on a larger, more established securities exchange or trading platform. 
Liquidity of Investments. Certain Funds' portfolios will include securities that are not actively or 
widely traded (including without limitation securities issued by certain small or medium-sized 
companies), are not registered under the applicable securities laws or are contractually or 
otherwise restricted from resale. Such investments may be or may become illiquid (including 
as a result of size of a Fund's investment relative to the security's average daily trading volume) 
and involve a high degree of business and financial risk which can result in substantial losses. 
Because of the absence of active or regulated trading markets for these illiquid investments. 
and because of the difficulties in determining market values accurately. it may take a Fund 
longer to be able to liquidate these positions (if they can be liquidated) than would be the case 
for more liquid securities. The prices realized on the resale of illiquid securities could be less 
than those originally paid by a Fund. Further. companies whose securities are not publicly listed 
may not be subject to public disclosure and other investor protection requirements applicable 
to issuers of publicly traded securities. 
Convertible Securities Risk. Convertible securities include corporate bonds, notes, preferred 
stocks or debt-securities of issuers that can be converted into (that is, exchanged for) 
common stocks or other equity securities at a stated price or rate. Convertible securities also 
include other securities, such as warrants, that provide an opportunity for equity participation. 
Because convertible securities can be converted into equity securities. their value will normally 
vary in some proportion with those of the underlying equity securities. Due to the conversion 
feature, convertible securities generally yield less than non-convertible fixed income securities 
of similar credit quality and maturity. A Fund's investment in convertible securities may at 
times include securities that have a mandatory conversion feature, pursuant to which the 
securities convert automatically into common stock at a specified date and conversion ratio, or 
that are convertible at the option of the issuer. When conversion is not at the option of the 
holder. a Fund may be required to convert the security into the underlying common stock 
even at times when the value of the underlying common stock has declined substantially. 
Participation Certificates Risks. The price. performance, liquidity and value of a participation 
certificate are all linked directly to the underlying security, so that investing in a participation 
certificate subjects a Fund to the risks associated with an investment in the underlying equity 
security. Investing in a participation certificate also exposes a Fund to counterparty risk, which 
is the risk that the bank or broker-dealer that issues the certificate will not fulfill its contractual 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038671 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184855 
EFTA01354077

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354078.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354078.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
obligation to timely pay the Fund the amount owed under the certificate. 
Cash Position Risk A Fund may hold any portion of its assets in cash or cash equivalents at any 
time or for an extended time. The applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-Adviser will 
determine the amount of such Fund's assets to be held in cash or cash equivalents at its sole 
discretion, based on such factors as it may consider appropriate from time to time. To the 
extent that a Fund holds assets in cash or cash equivalents and is otherwise uninvested, the 
ability of the Fund to meet its investment objective may be limited. 
Leverage. A Fund may utilize leverage in pursuing its investment strategy. Leveraging a Fund 
creates an opportunity for increased net income or capital appreciation but, at the same time. 
creates special risk considerations. Leveraging will generally exaggerate the effect on the value 
of a Fund's assets of any increase or decrease in the market value of the Fund's investments. 
Although the principal of borrowings underlying any leverage will be fixed, a Fund's assets may 
change in value during the time the borrowing is outstanding. Because any decline in value of a 
Fund's investments will be borne entirely by the Fund (and thus by investors in the Fund) and 
not by those persons providing the leverage to the Fund. the effect of leverage in a declining 
market would be a greater decrease in the value of the Fund's portfolio investments than if the 
Fund were not so leveraged. Leveraging will create interest expenses for a Fund, which can 
exceed the investment return from the borrowed funds. To the extent the investment return 
derived from securities purchased with borrowed funds exceeds the interest a Fund will have 
to pay. the Fund's investment return will be greater than if leverage were not used. 
Conversely, if the investment return from the assets acquired with borrowed funds is not 
sufficient to cover the cost of leverage. the investment return of a Fund will be less than if 
leverage were not used. Additionally, a Fund must maintain sufficient liquid assets. marked-to-
market daily. to cover its leveraged transactions. This will limit a Fund's investment flexibility. 
as well as its ability to meet current obligations. 
Leverage may include borrowing and also the use of margin. Other borrowings take the form 
of. or are embedded in. margined option premiums. repurchase agreements. bank or dealer 
credit lines or the notional principal amounts of swap transactions. There can be no assurance 
that a Fund will be able to maintain adequate financing arrangements under all market 
circumstances. 
As a general matter, the banks and dealers that provide financing to a Fund can apply 
discretionary margin, haircut. financing and valuation policies. or impose other credit 
limitations or restrictions. whether due to market circumstances or government regulation or 
judicial action. Such application or losses may result in large margin calls, loss of financing. 
forced liquidations of positions at disadvantageous prices, termination of swap and repurchase 
agreements and cross-defaults to agreements with other dealers. Any such adverse effects may 
be exacerbated in the event that such limitations or restrictions are imposed suddenly and/or 
by multiple market participants simultaneously. The imposition of any such limitations or 
restrictions could compel a Fund to liquidate all or part of its portfolio at disadvantageous 
prices. perhaps leading to a loss of the Fund's equity. 
Derivatives Risk A derivative is a financial contract whose value depends on changes in the value 
of one or more underlying assets, reference rates or indexes. These instruments include. 
among others, participation certificates, credit default swaps. currency forward contracts. 
currency swap contracts and other swap agreements and similar instruments. A Fund's use of 
derivatives may involve risks different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing 
in more traditional investments, such as stocks and bonds. Derivatives can be highly complex 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038672 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184856 
EFTA01354078

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354079.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354079.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
and may perform in ways unanticipated by a Fund's Sub-Adviser or an Underlying Fund 
Manager. In addition to the risks of an adverse change in the value of the underlying reference 
asset. a Fund's use of derivatives involves the risk that the other party to the derivative 
contract will fail to make required payments or otherwise to comply with the terms of the 
contract. Derivatives transactions can create investment leverage and may be highly volatile. 
and a Fund could lose more than the amount it invests. Derivatives may be difficult to value 
and highly illiquid. and a Fund may not be able to close out or sell a derivative position at a 
particular time or at an anticipated price. 
Warrants and Stock Purchase Rights. A Fund may participate in rights offerings and may purchase 
warrants, which are privileges issued by corporations enabling the owners to subscribe to and 
purchase a specified number of shares of the corporation at a specified price during a specified 
period of time. Subscription rights normally have a short life span to expiration. The purchase 
of rights or warrants involves the risk that a fund could lose the purchase value of a right or 
warrant if the right to subscribe to additional shares is not exercised prior to the rights' and 
warrants' expiration. Also, the purchase of rights and/or warrants involves the risk that the 
effective price paid for the right and/or warrant added to the subscription price of the related 
security may exceed the value of the subscribed security's market price such as when there is 
no movement in the level of the underlying security. Buying a warrant does not make the fund 
a shareholder of the underlying stock. The warrant holder has no voting or dividend rights 
with respect to the underlying stock. A warrant does not carry any right to assets of the 
issuer, and for this reason, investment in warrants may be more speculative than other equity-
based investments. Transactions in off-exchange warrants may involve greater risk than dealing 
in exchange traded warrants because there is no exchange market through which to liquidate 
your position, or to assess the value of the warrant or the exposure to risk. Bid and offer 
prices need not be quoted when dealing with off-exchange warrants, and even where they are, 
they will be established by dealers in these instruments and consequently it may be difficult to 
establish what is a fair price. 
Debt Securities Risks. The value of a debt security changes in response to various factors, 
including, for example, market-related factors, such as changes in interest rates or changes in 
the actual or perceived ability of an issuer to meet its obligations. A Fund may invest in debt 
securities without considering the maturity of the instrument. In general, the value of a debt 
security may fall in response to increases in interest rates. The value of a security with a longer 
duration will be more sensitive to changes in interest rates than a similar security with a 
shorter duration. As a result, changes in interest rates in the U.S. and outside the U.S. may 
affect a Fund's debt investments unfavorably. 
Debt securities in which a Fund invests may be rated below investment grade, or unrated 
securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser or the Underlying Fund Manager to be of 
comparable quality, are high yield, high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk bonds." These 
bonds are predominantly speculative. They are usually issued by companies without long track 
records of sales and earnings, or by companies with questionable credit strength. These bonds 
have a higher degree of default risk. may be less liquid and may be subject to greater price 
volatility than higher-rated bonds 
High Yield Securities Hunk Bond) Risk Fixed income instruments rated below investment grade, 
or unrated securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser to be of comparable quality, are 
high yield. high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk bonds." These bonds are predominantly 
speculative. They are usually issued by companies without long track records of sales and 
earnings, or by companies with questionable credit strength. These bonds have a higher degree 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038673 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184857 
EFTA01354079

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354080.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354080.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
of default risk and may be less liquid than higher-rated bonds. These securities may be subject 
to greater price volatility due to such factors as specific corporate developments, interest rate 
sensitivity, negative perceptions of junk bonds generally. and less secondary market liquidity. 
This potential lack of liquidity may make it more difficult for a Fund to accurately value these 
securities. In the event that a Fund disposes of a portfolio security after it is downgraded. the 
Fund may experience a greater loss than if such security had been sold prior to the downgrade. 
Interest Rate Risk. The values of debt instruments held by a Fund may fall in response to 
increases in interest rates. In general, the values of debt securities fall in response to increases 
in interest rates, and rise in response to decreases in interest rates. The value of a security 
with a longer duration will be more sensitive to increases in interest rates than a similar 
security with a shorter duration. Duration is a measure of the expected life of a bond that is 
used to determine the sensitivity of a security's price to changes in interest rates. For 
example, the price of a bond fund with an average duration of three years generally would be 
expected to fall approximately 3% if interest rates rose by one percentage point. Inverse 
floaters, interest-only and principal-only securities are especially sensitive to interest rate 
changes, which can affect not only their prices but can also change the income flows and 
repayment assumptions for those investments. Adjustable rate instruments also react to 
interest rate changes in a similar manner, although generally to a lesser degree (depending, 
however, on the characteristics of the reset terms, including the index chosen, frequency of 
reset and reset caps or floors, among other things). Given the current historically low 
interest rate environment, risks associated with rising rates are heightened. 
If interest rates rise, repayments of principal on certain debt securities. including loans, may 
occur at a slower rate than expected and the expected length of repayment of those securities 
could increase as a result (i.e.. extension risk). Securities that are subject to extension risk 
generally have a greater potential for loss when prevailing interest rates rise, which could cause 
their values to fall sharply. Prepayment risk results from borrowers paying debt securities prior 
to their maturity date. When a prepayment happens. all or a portion of the obligation will be 
prepaid. A borrower is more likely to prepay an obligation which bears a relatively high rate of 
interest. This means that in times of declining interest rates. a portion of a Fund's higher 
yielding securities are likely to be pre-paid and the Fund will probably be unable to reinvest 
those proceeds in an investment with as high a yield. A decline in income received by a Fund 
from its investments is likely to have a negative effect on the yield and total return of the 
Fund's shares. 
Swaps. Investments in swaps involve the exchange by a Fund with another party of all or a 
portion of their respective interests or commitments. In the case of currency swaps. a Fund 
may exchange with another party their respective commitments to pay or receive currency. 
Use of swaps subjects a Fund to risk of default by the counterparty. If there is a default by the 
counterpart), to such a transaction, a Fund will have contractual remedies pursuant to the 
agreements related to the transaction. There are currently a large number of banks and 
investments banking firms acting both as principals and agents and utilizing standardized swap 
documentation. As a result, swap markets are generally relatively liquid in comparison with the 
market for other similar instruments that are traded in the interbank market. In times of 
market turmoil, however, spreads can widen substantially and these markets can become very 
illiquid with the result that positions may not be able to be offset or closed out at a reasonable 
price, if at all. 
A Fund may also enter into currency. interest rate, total return or other swaps that may be 
surrogates for other instruments such as currency forwards and interest rate options. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038674 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184858 
EFTA01354080

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354081.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354081.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Generally, the value of such instruments depends upon price movements in the underlying 
assets as well as counterpart), risk. 
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs). A Fund may invest in shares of REITs. which are pooled 
investment vehicles that invest in real estate or real estate loans or interests. Investing in REITs 
involves risks similar to those associated with investing in equity securities of small 
capitalization companies. REITs are dependent upon management skills. are not diversified. and 
are subject to risks of project financing, default by borrowers. self-liquidation, and the 
possibilities of failing to qualify for the exemption from taxation on distributed amounts under 
the Code. 
Cybersecurity Risk. Where a Fund is a private equity fund, a cyber-attack on a portfolio company 
may have a negative effect on the underlying private equity fund. To the extent that a portfolio 
company is subject to cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is gained to a portfolio 
company's systems. such portfolio company may be subject to substantial losses. In certain 
events, a portfolio company's failure or deemed failure to address and mitigate cybersecurity 
risks may be the subject of civil litigation or regulatory or other action. Any such 
circumstances could subject a portfolio company, or the relevant Fund, to substantial losses. In 
addition, in the event that such a cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is directed at 
iCapital or one of its service providers holding its financial or investor data. iCapital, its 
affiliates or the Funds may also be at risk of loss, despite efforts to prevent and mitigate such 
risks under iCapital's policies. 
Please refer to the applicable Fund's or Underlying Fund's PPM for further details. 
Item 9: Disciplinary Information 
iCapital does not believe that there have been any legal or disciplinary events that are material 
to our advisory business or the integrity of our management 
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations 
iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities") 
Affiliated Broker-Dealer. Institutional Capital Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital, is 
the sole member of iCapital Securities. iCapital Securities is a broker-dealer registered with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). and a member of the Financial Industry 
Regulatory Authority, Inc. ("FINRA"). iCapital Securities is also registered as a limited purpose 
broker-dealer with those state securities authorities where it services clients and is not 
otherwise exempt from such registration. iCapital Securities acts as a broker-dealer in respect 
of each of iCapital's private placements. (See Item 14 below for additional information). See 
"Conflicts of Interest" in Item I I below for a description of how the Adviser addresses any 
conflicts of interest created by iCapital's relationship with iCapital Securities. 
Gen II Fund Services, LLC and Gen II Hedge Fund Services ("Gen II") 
Fund Administrator. Certain Principals of Gen II are minority owners of Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital. Gen II provides fund administration services to 
the Private Access Funds. In this capacity. Gen II provides iCapital accounting and investor 
reporting. capital call and distribution processing and investor support services. 
This 
relationship may create an incentive to select Gen II to provide services in respect of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038675 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184859 
EFTA01354081

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354082.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Funds. The Gen II relationship will be managed by several iCapital executives. 
BNY Capital Corporation ("BNY") 
BNY holds a minority ownership interest in Institutional Capital Network, Inc., the parent 
company of iCapital. Certain of the Funds hold cash in accounts at BNY and utilize BNY 
administrative services. This relationship may create an incentive to select BNY to provide 
services in respect of the Funds. 
iCapital Investors 
A number of asset managers have invested in Institutional Capital Network, Inc.. the parent 
company of iCapital, including affiliates of BlackRock, Inc. ("BlackRock") and Credit Suisse 
Group AG ("Credit Suisse"). iCapital may offer products managed or sponsored by such 
investors as BlackRock and Credit Suisse or its affiliates and these relationships may create an 
incentive to select BlackRock or Credit Suisse products as the underlying fund in an iCapital 
Private Access Fund. 
In addition. select financial services companies. including affiliates of Morgan Stanley Smith 
Barney ("Morgan Stanley") and UBS Financial Services ("UBS") have made equity investments 
in Institutional Capital Network. Inc. iCapital may offer Private Access Funds to clients of 
Morgan Stanley and UBS and such investment in iCapital's parent may create an additional 
incentive for Morgan Stanley and UBS to direct its investments to an iCapital Private Access 
Fund. 
Finally, iCapital has and may continue to engage with certain of its equity investors to provide 
services to the Funds. including administration or other services. iCapital will manage these 
conflicts by identifying them in the applicable Fund offering documents and if applicable, by 
maintaining its independent diligence process and procedures, regardless of the identity of the 
underlying manager, and by negotiating on an arms-length basis the terms of any service 
providers to the Funds, including any equity investors in iCapital. 
Item I I: Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions and 
Personal Trading 
Code of Ethics Pursuant to Rule 204A-I of the Advisers Act 
Pursuant to Rule 204A- I of the Advisers Act, iCapital has adopted a Code of Ethics that 
establishes various procedures with respect to investment transactions in accounts in which 
employees of iCapital or related persons have a beneficial interest or accounts over which an 
employee has investment discretion. 
iCapital's Code of Ethics was adopted to avoid possible conflicts of interest and ensure the 
propriety of our employees' and principals' trading activity. iCapital's Code of Ethics prohibits 
insider trading and provides instructions to employees when coming into possession of 
material nonpublic information. 
The foundation of the Code of Ethics is based on the underlying principles that: 
- 
Employees must at all times place the interests of the client first: 
- 
Employees must make sure that all personal securities transactions are conducted 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038676 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184860 
EFTA01354082

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354083.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354083.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
consistent with the Code of Ethics: and 
Employees should not take inappropriate advantage of their position. 
Employees (and any accounts in which an employee has beneficial ownership) must obtain 
written authorization from the CCO prior to making a personal investment in other private 
investment vehicles. The Code of Ethics also provides that the CCO (or his designee) will 
monitor employee investments in equity securities or other instruments: however, because the 
Sub-Advisers of the Direct Investment Funds maintain investment and trading authority on 
behalf of the Direct Investment Funds which should minimize any conflicts of interest that may 
arise out of the employees' personal trading activities. Furthermore, iCapital generally provides 
to each Sub-Adviser a list of companies at which any of iCapital's related persons has a 
material financial interest (e.g., board membership) so that such Sub-Adviser may include such 
company on its own restricted list. The spirit of the Code of Ethics is to discourage frequent 
trading in personal employee accounts. Employees also may not participate in any initial public 
offerings or engage in any outside business activities or private placements without obtaining 
prior written authorization from the CCO. iCapital's Code of Ethics is available upon request 
Participation or Interest in Client Transactions 
Capital serves as the investment adviser to the Funds. Employees, affiliates of the employees, 
and relatives of the employees may make investments in the Funds. iCapital may waive or 
reduce fees in respect of any Investor and generally intends to waive the fees in respect of any 
employees of iCapital and certain affiliates and estate-planning vehicles thereof. 
Each Underlying Manager or Sub-Adviser, as applicable, is responsible for making portfolio 
investments for any Fund it manages. Neither iCapital nor the Funds have any discretion or 
control over an Underlying Manager's or Sub-Adviser's decisions. 
Conflicts of Interest 
iCapital and its related entities engage in a broad range of activities, including investment 
activities for their own account and for the account of other investment funds, and providing 
transaction-related, investment advisory, management and other services to funds. In the 
ordinary course of conducting its activities, the interests of a Fund may conflict with the 
interests of iCapital. other Funds or their respective affiliates. Certain of these conflicts of 
interest, as well as a description of how iCapital addresses such conflicts of interest, can be 
found below. 
Compensation from Underlying Fund Managers. iCapital Securities, LLC may receive a placement 
fee as a result of its placement of certain investors in certain Private Access Funds. Such 
placement fee is typically a percentage of the aggregate capital commitments of an iCapital 
Private Access Fund to its respective underlying fund. The existence of such placement fee 
could create a potential conflict of interest The prospect of receiving such compensation 
creates an incentive for iCapital Securities. LLC to place investors in the iCapital Private 
Access Funds from which it receives a placement fee over other investment vehicles from 
which it does not receive a placement fee. In addition. iCapital may retain and compensate 
registered investment advisers or placement agents for the purpose of marketing and selling 
the interests. 
Any such arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or 
placement agent to recommend the interests to investors where they might not otherwise 
make such recommendation or to recommend the interests to investors over another 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038677 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184861 
EFTA01354083

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354084.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment. Certain management persons of iCapital (or its affiliates) are also involved with 
soliciting investment advisers to participate in iCapital offered funds and in performing diligence 
on such investment advisers with which to launch access vehicles. Such relationship may 
create potential conflicts of interest. iCapital addresses these conflicts by providing in its Code 
of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best interests of each investor 
and by providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of interest and how 
such conflicts are resolved under the iCapital's policies and procedures. 
Furthermore. 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based compensation 
received by iCapital Securities (or its affiliates). 
Fees Paid by Brokerage Limited Partners. Limited partners in one or more of the Funds may elect 
to be treated as "brokerage limited partners" and in connection therewith, pay a larger 
management fee than limited partners that are not "brokerage limited partners" for reporting, 
administrative and other services provided by such brokerage limited partner's registered 
investment adviser or adviser representative. The amount of any such additional management 
fee will generally be allocated to third parties or affiliates that provide investor-related 
services, including such brokerage limited partner's adviser representative. The existence of 
such fee may incentivize an investor's registered investment adviser or adviser representative 
to recommend a Fund over other investments from which such registered investment adviser 
or adviser representative would not receive such fee. 
Estimates. The governing documents of each Fund provide that values of the Fund's assets shall 
generally be calculated by the Fund's administrator based on estimates provided by the 
applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-Adviser. The Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-
Adviser will have a conflict of interest in determining such valuations if the applicable Fund 
charges its fees based on the value of the Fund's investments, including any performance-based 
compensation charged by such Fund. The general partner (or its affiliates, as applicable) of each 
Fund may also benefit from any overvaluation of an Underlying Fund's investments if the 
management fee for those Funds is based on the net asset value of a Fund's investment in the 
Underlying Fund. 
Educational Programs. iCapital may, from time to time, offer (and. under certain circumstances, 
subsidize) certain educational and professional certification programs for financial advisers that 
recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network platform. The provision of 
such programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such programs may 
incentivize the advisers that participate in such programming to recommend iCapital and interests 
in iCapital Private Access Funds over a manager or administrative agent who has not provided such 
educational opportunities. A prospective investor should carefully consider such conflict when 
determining whether to subscribe for Interests. 
Privacy Policy 
iCapital is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of our Investors' 
personal information. It is iCapital's policy to collect only information necessary or relevant to 
our management business and use only legitimate means to collect such information. iCapital 
does not disclose any non-public, personal information about our Investors to anyone except 
as needed for servicing and processing transactions, as consented to by an investor and 
required by law. iCapital restricts access to non-public, personal information about our 
Investors to those employees with a legitimate business need for the information. iCapital 
maintains security practices, physical. electronic and procedural safeguards to guard each 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038678 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184862 
EFTA01354084

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354085.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354085.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Investor's non-public, personal information. Upon request, iCapital will provide a copy of our 
written privacy policies and procedures. 
Item 12: Brokerage Practices 
With respect to the Private Access Funds. iCapital generally will not make investments in 
securities listed on national exchanges. However, there may be limited situations where we are 
allocated a listed security and need to place trade(s) through a broker. In such circumstances, 
we will seek "best execution" in light of the circumstances involved in the transaction. In 
selecting a broker for any transaction, we may consider a number of factors, including, for 
example, broker's reputation, net price or spread. reputation. financial strength and stability. 
market access, efficiency of execution and error resolution, and the size of the transaction. In 
seeking to achieve best execution, iCapital will not be obligated to obtain the lowest 
commission or best net price for a Private Access Fund in respect of any particular transaction. 
Further, in respect of each Direct Access Fund, iCapital has selected a Sub-Adviser that had 
been delegated trading authority on behalf of the applicable Direct Access Fund. In selecting 
brokers to effect portfolio transactions for a Direct Access Fund, the applicable Sub-Adviser 
will not be obligated to seek the lowest available transaction cost, but may take into account 
such factors as the Sub-Adviser considers appropriate and consistent with its obligation to 
seek best execution as outlined in the Sub-Adviser's order execution policy, including, without 
limitation, the financial stability and reputation of the brokerage firm and its research, and 
brokerage services as a broker-dealer. A Sub-Adviser may use "soft dollar" credits generated 
by a Direct Access Fund's securities transactions with broker-dealers to pay for research and 
execution products or services that fall within the safe harbor created by Section 28(e) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. See the applicable PPM for additional details regarding a Sub-
Adviser's brokerage policies. 
Item 13: Review of Accounts 
The Funds' performance and the performance of the Underlying Funds, as applicable, and the 
Underlying Funds' conformity with the investment objectives and guidelines are reviewed on a 
periodic basis by iCapital's Manager Due Diligence and Origination team. 
Investors in Funds structured as private equity funds will generally receive quarterly statements 
detailing their account information including the account's beginning and ending equity. and the 
account's performance for that period. Investors in Funds structured as hedge funds will 
generally receive monthly statements detailing the Fund's NAV. We may provide certain 
Investors in the Fund access to more frequent and detailed information as determined by 
iCapital. Additionally, each investor will receive the particular Funds' audited financial 
statements for which they are invested, within I80 days of such Funds' fiscal year end. 
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other Compensation 
iCapital Securities. LLC. an affiliate of iCapital, acts as the broker-dealer for private placement 
of interests of the Funds. iCapital Advisors does not receive any placement fees. Any 
placement fees generated from an investment by a Private Access Fund in an Underlying Fund 
will be paid to iCapital Securities by an Underlying Fund Manager (or its affiliates). From time 
to time, third- party broker-dealers may assist iCapital in the private placement of interests of 
the Funds. Any such third party is required to provide prospective clients with a current copy 
of iCapital's Part 2A of Form ADV. Typically, such third-party broker-dealer referring the 
investor will receive a percentage of the placement fee generated with respect to such 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038679 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184863 
EFTA01354085

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354086.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354086.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
referred Investor's investment in a Fund, in which case such payment will be made by iCapital 
Securities. 
In respect of any Investors that elect to be treated as "Brokerage Limited Partners," iCapital 
will allocate a portion of the Management Fee it receives in respect of such Investors to certain 
broker-dealers or registered investment advisors for services provided by such broker-dealer 
or registered investment advisor to such Investor's account. Please refer to the applicable 
Fund's PPM for further details. 
iCapital has entered into collaboration and services agreements with Fidelity Brokerage 
Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC (collectively, referred to as "Fidelity") 
pursuant to which the iCapital compensates Fidelity for providing certain administrative 
services in respect of investors who custody their investment in one or more iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not bear any Fidelity 
custodial fees in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of iCapital. is typically a 
percentage of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital Private Access Funds. 
Further, iCapital's affiliate. Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has committed CO an annual 
marketing spend with Fidelity through which it will promote the iCapital network to Fidelity's 
platform of registered investment advisers and brokers. The existence of such compensation 
arrangements could create a potential conflict of interest. 
Any such compensation 
arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or any third party registered investment 
adviser or broker to recommend the interests in the iCapital Private Access Funds to 
investors where they might not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Item IS: Custody 
Advisers with custody of client funds and securities must maintain them with "Qualified 
Custodians" unless such advisers have custody of only certain privately offered securities as 
defined in Rule 206(4)-2(b)(2) of the Advisers Act. "Qualified Custodians" under the amended 
rule include banks and savings associations and registered broker-dealers. 
However, advisers to fund-of-funds, which most of the Funds are categorized as. comply with 
the custody rule by: (i) having each Fund audited at least annually by an independent registered 
public accounting firm which is registered with the public company accounting oversight board; 
and (ii) distributing audited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles to all investors (or members or other beneficial owners) within 
I 80 days of the end of the fiscal year of the Fund. For a Fund that is a fund-of-funds. iCapital 
will distribute the audited financial statements within 180 days of the end of the fiscal year to 
the Investors. For a Fund that is not a fund-of-funds, iCapital will distribute the audited financial 
statements within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to the Investors. 
Item 16: Investment Discretion 
iCapital has discretionary authority to make investment decisions for the Funds. Generally, our 
authority is limited by our own internal policies and procedures. and each Fund's investment 
guidelines and other terms contained within the governing documents. 
The investment guidelines governing the Firm's management of the Funds are specified under 
the limited partnership agreement. where investment limits are intended to minimize 
investment risk and maximize return. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038680 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184864 
EFTA01354086

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354087.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354087.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Item 17: Voting Client Securities 
In respect of the Private Access Funds. iCapital does not anticipate owning any equity 
securities granting us the right to vote proxies. Investors in any Private Access Fund will not be 
Limited Partners of the Underlying Fund and will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund. 
For purposes of exercising any voting rights under the Underlying Funds' constituent 
documents. iCapital intends to vote in the best interest of each Fund and may request that the 
Investors in the applicable Fund vote on certain matters that the Fund is asked to vote on with 
respect to its investment in an Underlying Fund. 
In respect of the Direct Investment Funds. iCapital has delegated the obligation to vote all 
proxies which are solicited in respect of such Funds' investments to the Sub-Adviser and any 
such proxies shall be voted in accordance with the Sub-Adviser's proxy voting procedures. 
However. iCapital has established a Proxy Voting Policy in the event that it is required to vote 
a proxy for certain investments. iCapital will vote proxies as it deems necessary or 
appropriate, on a case by case basis. Prior to voting, the CCO will make a determination as to 
whether a material conflict of interest exists and will either resolve the conflict or refer the 
proxy vote to an outside service for its independent consideration. Upon request. we will 
provide an Investor with a copy of our proxy voting policies and procedures and information 
on how the proxies were voted. 
Item 18: Financial Information 
Registered investment advisers are required in this Item to provide you with certain financial 
information or disclosures about the Firm's financial condition. iCapital has no financial 
commitment that impairs its ability to meet contractual and fiduciary commitments to clients 
and has not been the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038681 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184865 
EFTA01354087

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354088.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354088.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
FORM ADV PART 2B: Brochure Supplement 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
New York, NY 10165 
March 30, 2018 
This Brochure Supplement provides information about Eileen Duff Blalock, Phil Pool, John Robertshaw, 
Daniel Vene and Nicholas Veronis that supplements the iCapital Advisors, LLC's Form ADV Brochure. 
Please contact Michael Stanton, iCapital Advisors, LLC's Chief Compliance Officer, at 
or by email at 
C 
if you did not receive iCapital Advisors, LLC's Brochure 
or if you have any questions about the contents of this supplement. 
Additional information about iCapital Advisors, LLC is available on the SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038682 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184866 
EFTA01354088

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354089.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354089.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 28 
Eileen Duff Blalock 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Ms. Blalock is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Ms. Blalock is Managing Partner 
and Head of Distribution for iCapital Network where she is responsible for sales, relationship 
management and investor relations supporting the RIA, broker-dealer, private banking and family office 
communities. Prior to joining iCapital, Eileen was Head of Alternative Investments, North America at 
Credit Suisse, where she built and oversaw the origination and distribution functions for private equity, 
hedge funds, managed futures, real estate and other key alternative asset classes. Previously. Ms. Blalock 
was with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette where she was responsible for global marketing in the private 
client group. She is a graduate of University of Delaware and holds FINRA Series 7 and 24 licenses. 
Disciplinary Information 
Ms. Blalock has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Ms. Blalock is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and Principal of iCapital Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, she does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Ms. Blalock for compliance purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038683 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184867 
EFTA01354089

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354090.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354090.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 2B 
Phil Pool 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Pool is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Pool is Co-Founder and 
Chairman of the Board of iCapital Network. He also serves as Co-Chairman of First Avenue Partners, a 
placement agent firm based in London and New York. Most recently, Mr. Pool was a partner of Willis 
Stein & Partners, a Chicago-based private equity firm. Previously, he worked as a Managing Director of 
Credit Suisse following CSFB's acquisition of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation where 
he co-founded and headed the Private Fund Group. From 1985 to 1994, he was an investment banker 
with Merrill Lynch, and from 1980 to 1985, he was an investment banker with Kidder, Peabody & Co. 
Mr. Pool received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University and a B.S. degree from the McIntire 
School of Commerce of the University of Virginia. He serves on the Board of Directors of The Teagle 
Foundation. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Pool has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Pool is a Board Member at iCapital Network and Principal of iCapital Securities, LLC. He further 
serves as Co-Chairman of First Avenue Partners. In order to minimize any conflicts of interest with 
iCapital Securities, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital Advisors are 
instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
Mr. Pool is compensated by First Avenue Partners. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton. iCapital's CCO. supervises Mr. Pool for compliance purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038684 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184868 
EFTA01354090

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354091.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354091.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 28 
John C. Robertshaw 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Robertshaw is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Robertshaw is a Co-
Founder and Special Advisor to iCapital Network. Until 2016. he served as a Vice Chairman of Credit 
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. He served as Co-Head of the Private Fund Group at Credit Suisse from 
2004 through 2013, during which time the Private Fund Group represented more than 170 funds raising 
in excess of $250 billion. He also served as a member of the Asset Management Operating Committee 
as well as the Alternative Investments Operating Committee at Credit Suisse. Mr. Robertshaw joined 
Credit Suisse in November 2000. when the Bank merged with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. where he 
was a Managing Director in the Private Fund Group. Mr. Robertshaw joined DLJ in September 1995 
from Salomon Brothers, where he was in charge of Private Equity Placements. He spent seven years 
with Salomon, the last five as a private placement specialist. Mr. Robertshaw received a B.A in English 
Literature from Yale University. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Robertshaw has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be 
disclosed in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Robertshaw is a Special Advisor to iCapital Network and iCapital Securities. LLC. In order to 
minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO. supervises Mr. Robertshaw for compliance purposes. Mr. 
Stanton's contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038685 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184869 
EFTA01354091

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354092.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354092.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 28 
Daniel Vene 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Vene is a member of Capital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Vene is Co-Founder and one of 
the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he leads enterprise-level platform integration with 
banks, asset managers. wirehouses and other large-scale organizations. Prior to founding iCapital, Mr. 
Vene was head of private real estate capital raising at Fir Tree Partners, a $12.5 billion AUM multi-
strategy investment firm. He was also formerly a partner at Eaton Partners where he was responsible 
for real estate and real asset fund origination, structuring, and distribution. Mr. Vene previously was 
Founder and CEO of Earnings.com, a leading financial database and aggregator of corporate events, 
which was acquired by Thomson Financial in 2001. He received a B.S. degree in finance and marketing 
from Cornell University, and is a member of PREA and NCREIF. He holds FINRA licenses Series 7 and 
as well as an FSA license. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Vene has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at Capital Network and employee of iCapital Securities. LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Vene for compliance purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038686 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184870 
EFTA01354092

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354093.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354093.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 28 
Nicholas Veronis 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Veronis is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Veronis is Co-Founder and 
one of the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he oversees origination and due diligence. Mr. 
Veronis spent 11 years at Veronis Suhler Stevenson, a middle market private equity firm where he was a 
Managing Director responsible for originating and structuring investment opportunities. At VSS, he 
specialized in the business information services sector and helped spearhead the firm's investment 
strategy in the financial software and data sector. Mr. Veronis was previously an operating advisor to 
Atlas Advisors, an independent investment bank based in New York. He began his career as a financial 
journalist for The Boston Business Journal, was a reporter for The Star-Ledger, and an associate in the 
New Media Division of Newhouse Newspapers. He holds a BA degree in economics from Trinity College 
and FINRA licenses Series 7, 79 and 63. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Veronis has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at Capital Network and employee of iCapital Securities. LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Veronis for compliance purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038687 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184871 
EFTA01354093

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354094.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354094.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Execution Version 
Proprietary and Confidential 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
OF 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
(A Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Dated as of April 11, 2018 
THE LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS (THE "INTERESTS") OF GLENDOWER ACCESS 
SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. (THE "PARTNERSHIP') REPRESENTED BY THIS 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), 
THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS, IN 
RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS, AND ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON 
TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS 
PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND THE APPLICABLE 
STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE 
RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, A LIMITED PARTNER MAY NOT SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, 
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF ALL OR ANY PART OF SUCH LIMITED PARTNER'S 
INTEREST IN THE PARTNERSHIP UNLESS THE GENERAL PARTNER (AS DEFINED HEREIN) 
HAS CONSENTED THERETO. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038688 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184872 
EFTA01354094

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354095.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354095.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (US), L.P. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
ARTICLE 1- DEFINITIONS .»»»..»»»..»».... 
Definitions 
ARTICLE 2 - ORGANIZATION; POWERS 
...... --.—..- ...... --..-..- ........ 
2.1 
Continuation of Limited Partnership. 
2.2 
Maine; Offices 
2.3 
Purpose; Powers. 
ARTICLE 3 - PARTNERS 
3.1 
Moines. Addresses and Subscriptions. 
3.2 
Status of Limited Partners. 
3.2.1 
Limited Liability 
3.2.2 
Effect of Death. Dissolution or Bankruptcy.  
3.2.3 
No Control of Partnership.  
3.3 
Additional Limited Partners. 
3.3.1 
Additional Subscriptions Before Final Closing Date.  
3.3.2 
Accession to Agreement. 
3.3.3 
Anti-Money Laundering Provisions. 
3.4 
Management and Control of Partnership 
3.4.1 
Management by General Partner 
3.4.2 
Powers of General Partner 
3.4.3 
Outside Business.  
3.5 
Alternative Investment Vehicles.  
3.6 
Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds. 
ARTICLE 4- INVESTMENTS AND ACTIVITIES 
4.1 
Investment Guidelines 
4.2 
Bonoxings 
4.3 
ERISA Compliance. 
ARTICLE 5 - FEES AND EXPENSES 
5.1 
Organizational Expenses. 
5.2 
Partnership Expenses and Management Fee 
5.2.1 
Pay uncut of Expenses 
5.2.2 
Management Fee. 
ARTICLE 6 - CAPITAL OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
6.1 
Obligation to Contribute 
6.1.1 In General 
6.1.2 
Initial Capital Contributions 
6.1.3 
Additional Contributions; Deficiency Drawdowns. 
6.1.4 
Procedure for Notice of Capital Calls; Rescission or Postponement 
6.1.5 
Offsets Against Distributions; No Interest or Withdrawals 
6.1.6 
General Partners Authority to Reduce Subscriptions 
6.1.7 
Subscription of the General Partner 
6.2 
Return of Certain Amounts Subject to Subsequent Drawdown. 
6.2.1 
Unused Contributions 
6.2.2 
Return of Contributions upon Admission of Additional Partner 
6.2.3 
Effect of Return of Contributions 
6.3 
Failure to Make Required Payment 
6.3.1 
Interest 
(ilendcmcr Aocoss Secondary l>pporturntres IV (U.S.). l..P. 
.1rnendo.l and Reflaled Limited Parthership Agroornesil 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038689 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84873 
EFTA01354095

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354096.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354096.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
6.3.2 
Default 
6.3.3 
Bifurcated Default. 
6.3.4 
Assignment of Partner Contributions. 
ARTICLE 7 - DISTRIBUTIONS.. 
—.21 
7.1 
Amount. Timing and Form 
7.1.1 
General. 
7.1.2 
Distribution of Proceeds of Investments 
7.2 
Discretionary Distributions.  
7.2.1 
General. 
7.2.2 
Operational Rules 
7.3 
Special Distributions. 
7.4 
Payment of Taxes 
7.4.1 
General. 
7.4.2 
Tax Liability 
7.4.3 
Partnership Obligation 
7.5 
Certain Distributions Prohibited 
ARTICLE 8 - CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS 
8.1 
Capital Accounts. 
8.1.1 
Creation and Maintenance 
8.1.2 
Timing of Allocations.  
8.1.3 
Compliance with Treasury Regulations 
8.2 
Allocations of Net Gain or Loss. 
8.2.1 
Net Gain and Net Loss. Generally 
8.2.2 
Special Allocations of Items of Loss or Deduction 
8.2.3 
Allocations Following a Default 
8.3 
Other Specially Allocated Items 
8.4 
Admission of Additional Partners. 
ARTICLE 9- DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
9.1 
Term of Partnership 
9.2 
Dissolution Upon Withdrawal of General Panner 
9.3 
Dissolution by the General Partner 
ARTICLE 10 - LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION 
10.1 
General.  
10.2 
Liquidating Distributions 
10.3 
Expenses of Liquidator 
10.4 
Duration of Liquidation. 
10.5 
Liability for Returns 
10.5.1 General. 
10.5.2 Limited Partner Obligations. 
ARTICLE 11- LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
11.1 
Transfers of Limited Partnership Interests.  
11.1.1 General. 
11.1.2 Consent of General Partner.  
11.1.3 No Public Trading in Partnership Interests 
11.1.4 No Recognition of Certain Transfers 
11.1.5 Required Representations by Parties. 
11.1.6 Other Prohibited Legal Consequences.  
11.1.7 Opinion of Counsel.  
11.1.8 Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses. 
11.2 
Admission of Substituted Limited Partners 
11.2.1 General.  
rilendmwr Access Seconder,: Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rattled Limited Partnership Agreanal 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038690 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84874 
EFTA01354096

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354097.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354097.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.2.2 Effect of Admission 
11.3 
Non-Compliant Transfer.  
11.4 
Multiple Ownership 
11.5 
No Withdrawal Rights 
11.6 
Removal of a Limited Partner. 
11.7 
Look-Through Treatment 
ARTICLE 12 - EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 
12.1 
Exculpation. 
12.1.1 General. 
12.1.2 Activities of Others.  
12.1.3 Liquidator 
12.1.4 Advice of Experts 
12.2 
Indemnification.  
12.2.1 General. 
12.2.2 Limitation on Indemnification. 
12.2.3 Advance Payment of Expenses 
12.2.4 Insurance. 
12.2.5 Successors.  
12.2.6 Rights to Indemnification from Other Sources 
12.2.7 Discretionary Limitation by General Partner.  
12.3 
Limitation by Law. 
12.4 
Return of Certain Distributions. 
ARTICLE 13 - AMENDMENTS, VOTING AND CONSENTS 
13.1 
Amendments 
13.1.1 Consent of Partners.  
13.1.2 Amendments Affecting Partners' Economic Rights 
13.1.3 Consent to Amend ERISA Provisions 
13.1.4 Notice of Amendments 
13.1.5 Negative Consent. 
13.2 
Voting and Consents. 
ARTICLE 14 - ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS .»..»»».. 
14.1 
Keeping of Accounts and Records: Certificate of Limited Partnership 
14.1.1 Accounts and Records  
14.1.2 Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
14.2 
Financial Reports 
14.2.1 Annual Financial Statements 
14.2.2 Annual Tax Information. 
14.2.3 Quarterly Reports. 
14.2.4 Information Rights.  
14.3 
Valuation. 
14.3.1 Valuation by General Partner. 
14.3.2 Freely Tradable Securities 
14.3.3 Other Assets.  
14.3.4 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
14.4 
Notices 
14.5 
Accounting Provisions 
14.5.1 Fiscal Year 
14.5.2 Independent Accountants 
14.6 
Tax Provisions 
14.6.1 Classification as Partnership 
14.6.2 Tax Matters Partner. Partner Tax Information; FATCA. 
14.6.3 Section 1045 Rollovers 
14.6.4 Electing Investment Partnership 
61011d(Mtir ACCCSS Socondaryl)pporturntres IV (U.S.). l..P. 
Amended and Restaled Limited Parthership Agreorneni 
iii 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038691 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84875 
EFTA01354097

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354098.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354098.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.6.5 Tax Reporting Consistency.  
14.7 
General Provisions.  
14.7.1 Power of Attorney. 
14.7.2 Execution of Additional Documents. 
14.7.3 Limited Partner Information. 
14.7.4 Binding on Successors 
14.7.5 Governing Law and Remedies for Breach 
14.7.6 Waiver of Partition  
14.7.7 Securities Law Matters. 
14.7.8 Confidentiality 
14.7.9 Contract Construction; Headings; Counterparts 
14.7.10 Arbitration. 
14.7.11 Side Letters 
14.7.12 Entire Agreement 
14.7.13 Bad Actor Disqualification Information 
Appendix I 
Definitions 
Appendix II 
Regulatory and Tax Allocations 
61011d01Wr Accc Socondaryl)pporturntres IV (U.S.). 
IV 
Amended and Restated Limited Paint-plain AgroznenI 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038692 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84876 
EFTA01354098

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354099.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354099.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
AMENDED ANT) RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSI-M, AGREEMENT, dated as of April 11, 2018 (this 
"Agreement"), by and among Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC, as the sole 
general partner (the "General Partner"), and those firms, corporations and other Persons listed on the List 
of Partners as limited partners who execute a counterpart of this Agreement (the "Limited Partners"). The 
General Partner and the Limited Partners are sometimes referred to herein collectively as the "Partners." 
WHEREAS, by an agreement dated January 8*, 2018 and made by and between the General 
Partner and the Initial Limited Partner (the "Initial Agreement"), the General Partner and the Initial 
Limited Partner formed Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Partnership") 
by the filing of the Certificate of Limited Partnership with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State 
of Delaware on January 8th, 2018. 
WHEREAS, on the date hereof, the General Partner desires to admit additional persons to the 
Partnership as Limited Partners and the Initial Limited Partner desires to withdraw from the Partnership; 
and 
WHEREAS, in connection with such admissions and withdrawal, the parties desire to amend and 
restate the Initial Agreement. 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby amend and restate the Initial Agreement to read in its 
entirety as follows: 
ARTICLE 1- DEFINITIONS 
DEFINITIONS. 
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings assigned to them in 
Appendix I hereto. As used herein, the term "Partner" shall also include, as applicable in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, any Persons for whom an Approved Agent is recorded on the books and records 
of the Partnership as nominee or agent, notwithstanding that such Partner is not recorded on the books 
and records. 
ARTICLE 2 - ORGANIZATION; POWERS 
2.1 
CONTINUATION OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. 
The Partners agree to continue the Partnership subject to the terms of this Agreement in accordance with 
the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as amended from time to time (the "Delaware 
Act"), and the Initial Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety by its deletion and 
replacement by this Agreement. The Initial Limited Partner hereby withdraws from the Partnership 
simultaneously with the admission of the first additional Limited Partner, and none of the Partners shall 
have any claim against the Initial Limited Partner as such. 
Cikorlower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Restated Ianntrxt Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038693 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84877 
EFTA01354099

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354100.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
2.2 
NAME; OFFICES. 
The name of the Partnership is "Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P.' The 
Partnership shall have the exclusive right to use such name as long as the Partnership continues. The 
name of the Partnership may be changed at any time by the General Partner without the consent or 
approval of the Limited Partners. The principal office of the Partnership shall be located initially at do 
Institutional Capital Network. Inc., 60 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10165. The initial address of the 
Partnership's registered office in Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, 
County of New Castle, and its initial registered agent at such address for service of process is The 
Corporation Trust Company. The General Partner may change the locations of the principal office and 
registered office of the Partnership to such other locations, and may change the registered agent of the 
Partnership in Delaware to such other Person, as the General Partner may specify from time to time. The 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, may cause the Partnership to open additional offices. 
2.3 
PURPOSE; POWERS. 
The principal purpose of the Partnership is to make, hold and dispose of an investment in the Underlying 
Fund and to engage in any activities incidental thereto, including holding fluids in cash or investment 
funds in short tenn investments pending utilization. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the 
Partnership may engage in any and all activities necessary, desirable or incidental to the accomplishment 
of the foregoing and any other activity that is lawful for, and shall have all of the powers available to, a 
limited partnership organized under the Delaware Act. 
The General Partner, in its discretion, may, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' 
Subscriptions to the Partnership for investment into the Underlying Fund. Such reserved commitment 
amounts may be used in accordance with 6.1.3. However, the General Partner is not required to set aside 
any such amounts and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Underlying 
Fund resulting in an over-commitment of the of the Partnership (i.e., the Partnership's commitment 
amount to the Underlying Fund, together with any expenses of the Partnership would be greater than the 
total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscription to the Partnership). 
ARTICLE 3 - PARTNERS 
3.1 
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND SUBSCRIPTIONS. 
The name, address, facsimile number, electronic mail address and Subscription of each Partner arc set 
forth in the List of Partners. The General Partner shall cause the List of Partners to be revised, without 
the necessity of obtaining the consent of any other Partner, to reflect any changes in the information 
contained thereon occurring pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Each Partner shall promptly 
provide the Partnership with the information required to be set forth for such Partner on the List of 
Partners and shall thereafter promptly notify the Partnership of any change to such information. 
3.2 
STATUS OF LIMITED PARTNERS. 
3.2.1 
Limited Liability. 
No Limited Partner, in its capacity as such, shall be liable for the debts and obligations of the Partnership 
so long as such Limited Partner does not take part in the control of the business of the Partnership; 
provided, however, that each Limited Partner shall be required to pay to the Partnership (a) any unpaid 
capital contributions that such Limited Partner has agreed to make to the Partnership pursuant to 
Article 6. to the extent provided in Section 17-502(a) and (b) of the Delaware Act; (b) the amount of any 
0lendovmr Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038694 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84878 
EFTA01354100

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354101.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354101.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
distribution that such Limited Partner is required to return to the Partnership pursuant to the Delaware 
Act; and (c) the unpaid balance of any other payments that such Limited Partner expressly is required to 
make to the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, 3.3.1 or 12.4, or 
pursuant to such Limited Partner's subscription agreement, if any. 
3.2.2 
Effect of Death, Dissolution or Bankruptcy. 
Upon the dcath, incompetency, bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of a Limited Partner, 
the rights and obligations of such Limited Partner under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and 
shall be binding upon, such Limited Partner's successor(s), estate or legal representative, and each such 
Person shall be treated as an assignee of such Limited Partner's interest for purposes of Article II until 
such time as such Person may be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner pursuant to that Article. 
3.2.3 
No Control of Partnership. 
Except as otherwise provided herein, no Limited Partner shall have the right or power to: (a) withdraw or 
reduce its contribution to the capital of the Partnership; (b) cause the dissolution and winding up of the 
Partnership; or (c) demand or receive property in return for its capital contributions. No Limited Partner, 
in its capacity as such, shall take any part in the control of the affairs of the Partnership, undertake any 
transactions on behalf of the Partnership, or have any power to sign for or otherwise to bind the 
Partnership. 
3.3 
ADDITIONAL LIMITED PARTNERS. 
3.3.1 
Additional Subscriptions Before Final Closing Date. 
(a) 
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, during the period from the date on which 
investors are first admitted to the Partnership (the "Initial Closing Date") through the date 
which is three (3) months following the last date on which the Underlying Fund may hold 
a closing (the -Final Closing Date"), the General Partner is authorized, but not obligated, 
to admit to the Partnership one or more additional Limited Partners (each, an "Additional 
Limited Partner") and to accept additional Subscriptions from existing Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Fund making a corresponding increase to its Subscription based on 
the admission of additional limited partners to, or increase in subscriptions by existing 
limited partners in, such Feeder Fund), who shall be deemed to be Additional Limited 
Partners to the extent of such additional Subscriptions. Each such Additional Limited 
Partner admitted to the Partnership pursuant to this 3.3.1 (including through an increase 
in its Subscription) prior to the final closing date of the Underlying Fund shall be 
required to contribute, on or after the date of its admission or the acceptance of its 
additional Subscription, in each case as determined by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion: 
the amount of the contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the 
Partnership, including any cost-of-carry or interest amount, attributable to such 
Limited Partner's new or increased Subscription, if any, if the Partnership 
makes a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund; 
(2) 
its proportionate share of all funded Partnership Expenses (excluding the 
Management Fee) and to the extent not duplicative of (1), its proportionate 
share of funded Subscriptions of Limited Partners (other than Defaulting 
Partners) admitted in prior closings, including, if applicable, in connection with 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), LP. 
Amended and Rataled Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038695 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184879 
EFTA01354101

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354102.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested in the 
Underlying Fund; 
(3) 
the amount of the Management Fee that would have been payable in respect of 
such Additional Limited Partner, had such Additional Limited Partner 
subscribed for such interest at the Initial Closing; and 
(4) 
at the General Partner's option, an interest-equivalent amount equal to the 
interest that would be payable on a debt obligation in the amount of the 
contribution made pursuant to (2) and (3), computed at a rate per annum equal 
to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period from the due 
date or dates on which the other Partners were required to make their earlier 
contributions to the date of such contribution. 
(b) 
Any Additional Limited Partners admitted after the final closing date of the Underlying 
Fund shall contribute, on or after the day of its admission or acceptance of its additional 
Subscription, (i) its proportionate sham of funded Subscriptions of Limited Partners 
(other than Defaulting Partners) admitted in prior closings (including in respect of 
Partnership Expenses other than Management Fees) and (ii) the amount of the 
Management Fee that would have been payable in respect of such Additional Limited 
Partner, had such Additional Limited Partner subscribed for such Interest at the Initial 
Closing) plus, at the General Partners option, an interest-equivalent amount equal to the 
interest that would be payable on a debt obligation in the amount of the contribution, 
computed at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for 
the period from the due date or dates on which the other Partners were required to make 
their earlier contributions to the date of such contribution. 
(a) 
Any amounts contributed pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(3) or 3.3.1(b)(ii), including any interest 
thereon shall be paid to the Investment Manager. Other amounts shall be subject to 
adjustment as provided in 6.2.2 and shall be invested in the Underlying Fund or paid to 
existing Limited Partners (including any Feeder Fund), which may result in the dilution 
of existing Limited Partners (including any Feeder Fund and indirectly, limited partners 
of any such Feeder Fund), provided that any amounts which constitute interest paid to 
existing Limited Partners shall not increase such Limited Partners' unpaid Subscriptions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, investments of the Underlying Fund made and disposed of 
prior to a particular subsequent closing will not be allocated to any Limited Partners 
admitted at such subsequent closing and the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
make any allocations or adjustments necessary to give effect to this provision. 
(b) 
The General Partner may apply this 3.3.1 to the limited partners of a Feeder Fund on a 
look-through basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership or 
were subscribing for a direct interest in the Partnership (or to increase its Subscription to 
the Partnership), and the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, adjust the Capital 
Accounts, Contributions, payments and distributions of and to the Limited Partners 
(including a Feeder Fund) in order to give effect to the foregoing and to the provisions of 
any limited partnership agreement of a Feeder Fund. 
3.3.2 
Accession to Agreement. 
Each Person who is to be admitted as an Additional Limited Partner or substituted Limited Partner 
pursuant to this Agreement shall accede to this Agreement by executing (either directly or by power of 
Glendovmr ACCCA Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038696 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184880 
EFTA01354102

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354103.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354103.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
attorney), together with the General Partner, a counterpart signature page to this Agreement providing for 
such admission, which shall be deemed for all purposes to constitute an amendment to this Agreement 
providing for such admission but shall not require the consent or approval of any other Partner. The 
General Partner shall make any necessary filings with the appropriate governmental authorities and take 
such actions as are necessary under applicable law to effectuate such admission. 
3.3.3 
Anti-Money Laundering Provisions. 
The Limited Partners acknowledge that the Partnership, the General Partner, the Underlying Fund and 
their respective Affiliates may be subject to certain anti-money laundering laws and related 
pronouncements and may otherwise be prohibited from engaging in transactions with, or providing 
services to, certain foreign countries, territories, entities and individuals, including without limitation, 
specially designated nationals, specially designated narcotics traffickers and other parties subject to 
United States government sanctions and embargo programs. In furtherance of the foregoing: 
(a) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to ensure that: 
(1) 
None of the monies that such Limited Partner will contribute to the Partnership 
shall be derived from, or related to, any activity that is deemed criminal under 
United States law or the law of the jurisdiction in which such activity took 
place; and 
(2) 
No contribution or payment by such Limited Partner to the Partnership, to the 
extent that such contribution or payment is within such Limited Partner's 
control, and no distribution to such Limited Partner (assuming such distribution 
is made in accordance with instructions provided to the General Partner by 
such Limited Partner) shall cause the Partnership or the General Partner to be 
in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money 
Laundering Control Act of 1986, the United States International Money 
Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001, the Uniting 
and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to 
Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 or any other anti-money 
laundering laws or regulations, in each case as amended and any successor 
statute thereto and including all regulations promulgated thereunder 
(collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering Laws"). 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner (I) shall promptly notify the General Partner if, to the knowledge 
of such Limited Partner, there has been any violation of 3.3.3(a); (2) shall provide the 
General Partner, promptly upon receipt of the General Partner's written request therefor, 
with any additional information regarding such Limited Partner or its beneficial owner(s) 
that the General Partner deems necessary or advisable in order to ensure compliance with 
the Anti-Money Laundering Laws or all applicable laws, regulations and administrative 
pronouncements concerning other criminal activities; and (3) understands and agrees that 
if, at any time, the requirements of 3.3.3(a) or (b) arc not satisfied, or if otherwise 
required by the Anti-Money Laundering Laws or any applicable law or regulation related 
to other criminal activities, the General Partner may take any actions as it determines to 
be necessary or advisable to comply with all such applicable laws, regulations and 
pronouncements. including "freezing" such Limited Partner's Interest or causing the 
compulsory redemption or Transfer of such Limited Partner's Interest to another person 
or entity at no value. 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038697 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00184881 
EFTA01354103

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354104.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(c) 
Each Limited Partner acknowledges and agrees that (I) the Partnership or the General 
Partner may release confidential information regarding such Limited Partner and, if 
applicable, any of its beneficial owners, or provide such confidential information to the 
Underlying Fund such that they may release such confidential information, in each case 
to governmental authorities if the General Partner or the general partner of the 
Underlying Fund, as applicable, in their sole discretion, determine that releasing such 
information is in the best interest of the Partnership and/or the Underlying Fund in light 
of any regulations or administrative pronouncements promulgated under the laws referred 
to in 3.3.3(bX2), and (2) the General Partner, without the consent of any Limited Partner 
and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, may amend any provision of 
this Agreement in order to effectuate the intent of this 3.3.3. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or of any Limited Partner's 
subscription agreement, the General Partner, on its own behalf or on behalf of the 
Partnership, may, in its sole discretion and without the approval of any Limited Partner or 
any other Person, agree in writing with any Limited Partner to alternate representations 
and covenants of such Limited Partner reasonably designed to ensure compliance with 
applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws and other criminal laws, regulations and 
administrative pronouncements and government sanctions, and thereby expressly waive 
compliance with all or any part of this 3.3.3 with respect to such Limited Partner. The 
Partners agree that any terms contained in such writing to or with a Limited Partner shall 
govern with respect to such Limited Partner notwithstanding the provisions of this 
Agreement or of any subscription agreement. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the General 
Partner in its own name and on behalf of the Partnership, acting alone, shall be authorized 
without the consent of any Limited Partner, to take such action as it determines to be 
necessary• or advisable to comply with any anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist laws, 
rules, regulations, directives or special measures, including the actions contemplated by 
the subscription agreements and in connection with actions contemplated by the 
governing documents of the Underlying Fund. 
3.4 
MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF PARTNERSHIP. 
3.4.1 
Management by General Partner. 
The management, policies and control of the Partnership shall be vested exclusively in the General 
Partner, who shall have the rights, powers and obligations required to be vested in or assumed by a 
general partner of a limited partnership under the Delaware Act and otherwise as provided by law. Except 
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or by law, the General Partner is hereby vested with 
the full. exclusive and complete right, power and discretion to operate, manage and control the affairs of 
the Partnership (and to delegate the management and operation of the Partnership to the Investment 
Manager on the terms set forth in the Management Agreement) and to make all decisions affecting 
Partnership affairs, as deemed proper, convenient or advisable by the General Partner to carry on the 
business of the Partnership as described in 2.3. 
3.4.2 
Powers of General Partner. 
(a) 
No Person, in dealing with the General Partner, shall be required to determine the 
General Partner's authority to make any commitment or engage in any undertaking on 
Otendmer Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agri:anent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038698 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184882 
EFTA01354104

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354105.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354105.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
behalf of the Partnership, or to determine any fact or circumstance bearing upon the 
existence of the authority of the General Partner. 
(b) 
Without limiting 3.4.1, but subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the General 
Partner shall have the power on behalf and in the name of the Partnership to implement 
the objectives of the Partnership and to exercise any rights and powers the Partnership 
may possess, including without limitation, (i) the power to cause the Partnership to make 
any elections available to the Partnership under applicable tax or other laws (other than 
elections specifically prohibited by 14.6.1), and (ii) the power to determine the timing of 
when to cause the Partnership to hold and/or sell any securities, including Freely 
Tradable Securities, in its sole discretion. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, without the consent of any 
Limited Partner or other Person being required, the Partnership is hereby authorized to 
execute, deliver and perform, and the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and 
itself, as applicable, is hereby authorized to execute and deliver (i) a subscription 
agreement with each Limited Partner. (ii) an administration services agreement with the 
Administrator, (iii) the Management Agreement with the Investment Manager, (iv) any 
document in connection with opening any bank or escrow account on behalf of the 
Partnership, (v) subscription documents and other instruments necessary or appropriate in 
connection with the Partnership's investment in the Underlying Fund, (vi) any agreement 
with a custodian to hold the assets of the Partnership, (vii) any documents related to the 
disposition of the assets of the Partnership including its interest in the Underlying Fund, 
(viii) any documents related to liquidity arrangements for Partnership Interests, (ix) any 
agreement, document or other instrument contemplated by or related to any of (i) through 
(viii) above or otherwise contemplated by this Agreement and (x) any amendment of any 
such document in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The General Partner is 
hereby authorized to enter into the documents described in the preceding sentence on 
behalf of the Partnership, but such authorization shall not be deemed a restriction on the 
power of the General Partner to enter into any other documents on behalf of the 
Partnership. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, without the consent of any 
Limited Partner or other Person being required. the General Partner is hereby authorized 
to disclose nonpublic information of a Limited Partner to the Underlying Fund and the 
Partnership's accountants, attorneys and other service providers to effect, administer and 
enforce the Partnership and its Partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may be 
required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
3.4.3 
Outside Business. 
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit the rights of the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective Affiliates, including any director, officer or employee of such Person, to engage 
in or possess an interest in or provide advice to other investments, business ventures or Persons of any 
kind or description, independently or with others, similar or dissimilar to the investments or business of 
the Partnership or the Underlying Fund, including business ventures or Persons which compete, directly 
or indirectly, with the Partnership or the Underlying Fund, or from engaging in other activities for profit, 
and any of them may, in the future, engage in or provide advice to such investments, business ventures or 
Persons. Neither the Partnership nor the Limited Partners will have any rights or interests in such other 
investments, business ventures or Persons or the income or profits derived therefrom by virtue of this 
Agreement or by reason of the acquisition of Interests, and neither the General Partner, the Investment 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038699 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184883 
EFTA01354105

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354106.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354106.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Manager, nor any of their respective Affiliates shall have any obligation to disclose to the Partnership or 
the Limited Partners such investment activities. It is specifically acknowledged in this regard that the 
Investment Manager and its Affiliates perform similar administrative and management services for 
various clients. 
3.5 
ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT VEHICLES. 
(a) 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the General Partner 
determines in good faith that for legal. tax, regulatory, accounting or other similar 
masons, it is desirable that an investment be made utilizing an alternative investment 
structure, the General Partner shall be permitted to structure the making of all or any 
portion of such investment outside the Partnership, by requiring any Partner or Partners 
to, and such Partner or Partners shall, make such investment either directly or indirectly 
in, and become a limited partner, member, stockholder or other equity owner of, one or 
more partnerships, limited liability companies, corporations or other vehicles (other than 
the Partnership) (each, an "Alternative Investment Vehicle") (i) of which the General 
Partner, an Affiliate of the General Partner or one or more of their respective partners, 
members, managers, directors or officers shall serve as general partner, manager or in a 
similar capacity and (ii) which shall invest on a parallel basis with, or in lieu of, the 
Partnership, as the case may be. Additionally, the General Partner shall be permitted to 
form more than one Alternative Investment Vehicle for the making of a single investment 
and may require that different Partners invest in different Alternative Investment 
Vehicles as the General Partner determines to be necessary• or advisable for legal, tax, 
regulatory, accounting or other similar reasons. 
(b) 
The Limited Partners and the General Partner (or its Affiliate), to the extent of their 
investment participation in an Alternative Investment Vehicle, may be required to make 
capital contributions directly to such Alternative Investment Vehicle to the same extent, 
for the same purposes and on substantially the same terms and conditions as Partners are 
required to make capital contributions to the Partnership, and such capital contributions 
shall reduce the unpaid Subscription of each Partner to the same extent that it would be 
reduced if made to the Partnership (i.e., capital contributions will be treated as if they 
were paid directly to the Partnership). The organizational documents of any such 
Alternative Investment Vehicle may be executed on behalf of Limited Partners investing 
therein by the General Partner pursuant to 14.7.1. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the economic 
provisions of this Agreement and the partnership or similar agreement or instrument 
governing each such Alternative Investment Vehicle are intended to be, and hereby shall 
be, construed in all material respects and effected in such a manner as to cause each 
Limited Partner individually, and the General Partner and its affiliated entities that may 
be utilized to effectuate this 3.5 collectively, to receive the same aggregate allocations 
and distributions, at substantially the same times, from the Partnership and the 
Alternative Investment Vehicle as they would have been entitled to receive if (i) all 
capital contributions to the Alternative Investment Vehicle were made to, and all 
distributions from the Alternative Investment Vehicle were made by, the Partnership, 
(ii) all Alternative Investment Vehicle investments in the Underlying Fund and 
Alternative Investment Vehicle short-term investments were initially acquired by, and 
were at all times held by, the Partnership. and (iii) all Alternative Investment Vehicle 
expenses (including management fees incurred or paid by any Alternative Investment 
Vehicle) were incurred and paid solely by the Partnership; provided, however, that the 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rataled Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038700 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184884 
EFTA01354106

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354107.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354107.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
allocations and distributions may differ as a result of taxes and other expenses paid or 
payable by the Alternative Investment Vehicle (or any entity included in such vehicle), 
and, to the extent practicable, such taxes and other expenses shall be borne by the 
Limited Partners for whose benefit the Alternative Investment Vehicle was established. 
Without limiting the foregoing, there shall be no duplication of management fees or other 
fees among the Partnership and the Alternative Investment Vehicles. In the event that a 
Limited Partner Transfers any portion of its interest hereunder in the absence of a 
corresponding Transfer of a proportionately equivalent interest of such Limited Partner in 
each other Alternative Investment Vehicle in which it is a limited partner or similar 
investor, or if any limited partner or similar investor in any Alternative Investment 
Vehicle Transfers any portion of its interest in any such entity without a corresponding 
Transfer of a proportionately equivalent interest hereunder, such corresponding 
transferred and retained interest shall continue to be subject to the provisions of this 3.5, 
unless otherwise determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion. Except as 
otherwise determined by the General Partner on or about the time of formation of the 
Alternative Investment Vehicle, any issue regarding the interpretation of how the 
Partnership and the Alternative Investment Vehicle interact shall be governed by the laws 
of the State of Delaware. 
(d) 
Any Limited Partner that defaults on its obligations to any Alternative Investment 
Vehicle in which it invests and becomes a "defaulting partner," -defaulting member" or 
similar defaulting Person under an agreement or instrument governing such Alternative 
Investment Vehicle (after giving effect to any applicable cure periods thereunder) shall 
also be a Defaulting Partner hereunder and any Limited Partner that becomes a 
Defaulting Partner of the Partnership shall also be a "defaulting partner," "defaulting 
member" or similar defaulting Person under an agreement or instrument governing such 
Alternative Investment Vehicle. 
(e) 
The economic terms of each Alternative Investment Vehicle shall be substantially the 
same in all material respects as those of the Partnership subject to any legal, tax, 
regulatory, accounting or other similar considerations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it 
is the intention of the Partners that each of the Partnership and each Alternative 
Investment Vehicle be treated as a separate entity (and not in partnership with one 
another) for United States federal and other income tax purposes. Accordingly, under no 
circumstances shall the Partnership or any Alternative Investment Vehicle: (i) guaranty or 
otherwise assume responsibility for the debts and obligations of the other; (ii) enter into 
any partnership, joint venture or similar arrangement with the other; or (iii) share 
investment profits or losses with the other (with the result that the amounts distributed to 
any Partner from any such entity shall reflect solely the contributions by and the 
allocations of profit and loss to such Partner with respect to such entity). 
(f) 
If the General Partner determines in good faith that for legal, tax, regulatory, accounting 
or other similar reasons, or to facilitate the acquisition or management of an underlying 
investment, it is desirable that an investment be made by the Partnership through one or 
more partnerships, corporations, trusts or other entities all or substantially all of the 
beneficial interests in which arc held directly or indirectly by the Partnership (an 
"Investment Subsidiary"). the General Partner shall be authorized to establish such 
Investment Subsidiary and cause the Partnership to utilize it for purposes of making one 
or more investments. In connection with such use of an Investment Subsidiary, the 
General Partner shall also be authorized, but not required, to adjust in good faith the 
provisions of this Agreement relating to (i) the allocation of Net Gain, Net Loss, 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038701 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184885 
EFTA01354107

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354108.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partnership Expenses and other similar items and (ii) distributions, to minimize the tax 
and other costs associated with the use of the Investment Subsidiary and to cause such 
costs to be borne directly or indirectly by the Limited Partner(s) for whose benefit the 
Investment Subsidiary was established. 
3.6 
PARALLEL ACCESS FUNDS OR FEEDER FUNDS. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the General Partner may form one or more 
limited partnerships or other investment vehicles to invest in parallel with the Partnership (each, a 
"Parallel Access Fund") and/or Feeder Funds in order to comply with securities laws or to address tax, 
legal, regulatory or other issues of investors in such entity (including with respect to the structure of the 
Underlying Fund). In the event that a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund is established, the General 
Partner may (i) require one or more Limited Partners to withdraw from the Partnership and to be admitted 
as a limited partner of a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and transfer a proportionate sham of the 
Partnership's assets and liabilities to such Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund, (ii) admit one or more 
limited partners of a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and acquire a proportionate share of such 
Parallel Access Fund's or Feeder Fund's assets and liabilities to the Partnership and (iii) admit any Feeder 
Fund as a limited partner of the Partnership; provided that no Limited Partner shall be required to 
participate in any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund if such participation would result in material 
adverse consequences for such Limited Partner which would not have resulted from such Limited 
Partner's participation in the Partnership. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, 
the General Partner may apply 6.3 of this Agreement to the limited partners of a Feeder Fund on a look-
through basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 4 - INVESTMENTS AND ACTIVITIES 
4.1 
INVESTMENT GUIDELINES 
Except as set forth in the following sentence, the Partnership shall only make investments in the 
Underlying Fund. In addition, at such time any funds of the Partnership are not invested in the 
Underlying Fund, distributed to the Partners or applied towards expenses of the Partnership, the 
Partnership may invest such funds in Temporary Investments. 
4.2 
BORROWINGS 
The Partnership may enter into a credit facility with a third party (a "Credit Facility"), which may be 
secured by the Subscriptions of the Limited Partners pursuant to 6.3.4. Repayment of the principal 
amount and any interest, fees and expenses payable in respect of any Credit Facility will be made from 
Subscriptions. 
ERISA COMPLIANCE. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) less than 25% of the total value 
of each class of equity interests in the Partnership is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, and therefore (b) the assets of 
the Partnership do not constitute plan assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of 
ERISA. In the event that the General Partner were to be deemed a "fiduciary" of any ERISA Partner 
under Section 3(21) of ERISA, then, in addition to whatever action it may take or be required to take 
because it was such a fiduciary:, the General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid the 
occurrence of any prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code. 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038702 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184131343 
EFTA01354108

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354109.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354109.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
The General Partner may, but shall not be obligated to, take such actions as it deems necessary and 
appropriate to mitigate, prevent or cure the adverse consequences of the assets of the Partnership 
constituting plan assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Tide I of ERISA. 
ARTICLE 5 - FEES AND EXPENSES 
5.1 
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPENSES. 
The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner and its Affiliates for all Organizational Expenses 
incurred by any of them. 
5.2 
PARTNERSHIP EXPENSES AND MANAGEMENT FEE. 
5.2.1 
Payment of Expenses. 
5.2.1.1 
General. 
Subject to 5.2.1.2, the Partnership agrees to assume and pay all operating expenses attributable to the 
Partnership's activities (collectively, "Partnership Expenses") on the terms and conditions herein set forth. 
5.2.1.2 
Investment Manager Expenses. 
The Investment Manager or its Affiliates shall bear only the following expenses: compensation of the 
employees of the Investment Manager or its Affiliates (as applicable); and the costs of providing clerical 
and related support services, office space and facilities, utilities and telephone. 
5.2.1.3 
Partnership Expenses. 
Partnership Expenses borne by the Partnership shall include, without limitation: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Partnership; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Partnership; expenses and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Partnership's books and records and preparation of the Partnership's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax reporting including under the 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of 
all governmental returns, reports and filings of the Partnership or General Partner, any costs or expenses 
in connection with the Partnership's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of 
completing subscription booklets and the Partnership's side letter, if any. with the Underlying Fund and 
any subsequent closing interest charged to the Partnership); extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Partnership; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Partnership, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in 
connection with the purchase or sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary 
investment banking, commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, 
administrative (including any fees and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the 
Partnership or the General Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Partnership and 
any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the 
proposed purchase or sale of securities by the Partnership that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is consummated); fees and expenses 
incurred in connection with or otherwise relating to the preparation of form documentation in respect of 
Transfers: fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement to provide additional liquidity to 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038703 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184887 
EFTA01354109

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354110.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354110.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Limited Partners and facilitate the process for Limited Partners to sell all or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as travel, research and other expenses 
related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of the Partnership in respect of the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Partnership (including the costs and expenses (including travel-related expenses) of 
hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the Placement Agents; any expenses incurred 
in connection with any Credit Facility or regulatory obligation; and premiums for liability or other 
insurance to protect the Partnership, the General Partner, the Investment Manager and any of their 
respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates in 
connection with the activities of the Partnership, the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Partnership Expenses also include any costs and expenses associated with the ongoing operations of any 
Alternative Investment Vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; legal and mcording fees and 
expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, economists, outside counsel, accountants and other third-
party service providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other governmental charges 
levied against such Alternative Investment Vehicles, including tax preparation expenses; expenses 
relating to any audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations undertaking and litigation, 
insurance, indemnification and extraordinary expenses). In addition to the foregoing, Partnership 
Expenses include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all of the operating expenses of 
the General Partner. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, expenses of or relating 
to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the Partnership to the extent that they would 
be considered expenses of the Partnership pursuant to this 5.2.1.3 if they were incurred by the Partnership 
(and indirectly borne by the Limited Partners of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder Fund's interest as a 
Limited Partner of the Partnership); provided however, that operating expenses that arc uniquely related 
to a specific Feeder Fund shall be determined with respect to, and paid separately by, such Feeder Fund, 
in each case as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion. 
Subject to 5.2.1.5 the Partnership Expenses shall be borne pro rata by all Limited Partners (including the 
Offshore Access Fund and other Feeder Funds, if any). Any contributions by Limited Partners to the 
Partnership to fund their share of Partnership Expenses (other than required payments pursuant to 3.3.1 
and 11.1.8) shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund their share of Partnership 
Expenses). The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner or its Affiliates for any Partnership 
Expenses paid by them on behalf of the Partnership. 
5.2.1.4 
Sharing of Partnership Expenses with Parallel Access Funds. 
The Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund shall share common fees and expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each entity in the Underlying Fund, to 
the extent practicable. If, upon subsequent closings of the Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund, 
there is a change in the ratios of the aggregate capital commitments made to each such fund to the 
aggregate capital commitments made to all such funds, then the General Partner may adjust the relative 
amounts paid by such funds in respect of expenses, to reflect as nearly as practicable the situation that 
would have existed if the respective aggregate capital commitments made to each fund had always been 
in the same relative proportions as those in effect after the change in the ratio of capital commitments. 
The General Partner is authorized to take such actions as it detennines are reasonably necessary or 
appropriate in order to effect the intention of this 5.2.1.4 and the other provisions of this Agreement 
relating to Parallel Access Funds in connection with the operation of the Partnership and any Parallel 
Access Fund. 
5.2.13 
Certain Expenses. 
Otendmter Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038704 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184888 
EFTA01354110

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354111.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354111.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
To the extent any tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General Partner or the 
Partnership because of the identity or jurisdiction of a Limited Partner or the failure of the Limited 
Partner to provide any information, the economic cost of all expenses incurred by the General Partner or 
the Partnership to carry out such responsibilities, or the costs of any other expenses incurred by the 
General Partner or the Partnership that are otherwise attributable to any specific Limited Partner, shall not 
be treated as operating expenses and instead shall be charged by the General Partner, in its discretion, to 
such Limited Partner. The General Partner may hold back or offset any cash distributions payable to such 
Limited Partner to satisfy the Limited Partner's obligation under this 5.2.1.5. All amounts that the General 
Partner withholds or otherwise pays on behalf of such Limited Partner shall be treated as if such amounts 
were distributed to the Limited Partner pursuant to 7.1. 
5.2.2 
Management Fee. 
5.2.2.1 
Amount 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment Manager or a designated Affiliate 
thereof shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). 
The Partnership shall pay to the Investment Manager or a designated Affiliate thereof the aggregate 
amount of such Management Fees assessed with respect to the Limited Partners. Commencing upon the 
"Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as defined in the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund) and for each fiscal quarter thereafter through the first date on which the "investment 
period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall 
be an amount equal to the product of the Management Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner 
multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. Commencing on the first date on which the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired, through the second anniversary of 
such date, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to 
the product of the Management Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate share (based upon Subscriptions) of the Partnership's proportionate share of 
capital contributions in respect of all "Invested Capital" (as defined in the limited partnership agreement 
of the Underlying Fund) of the Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the 
Partnership, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated based on Invested Capital in 
accordance with (C) below. The -Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 0.25% per quarter); provided that 
the Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but 
is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.c., 0.1875% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner 
whose Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); 
(B) from the first date on which the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired 
until the second anniversary of such date is 0.75%per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided that 
the Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but 
is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60%per annum (i.e.. 0.15% per quarter): and (ii) a Limited Partner 
whose Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); 
and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately 
preceding year or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited Partner's Invested 
Capital. The Investment Manager shall receive the Management Fees in accordance with the terms of the 
Management Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Management Fee amount contributed by each Limited Partner to the 
Partnership shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund the Management Fee). 
Any (i) increase in the Management Fee resulting from an increase in the aggregate Subscription of a 
Partner or (ii) the Management Fee resulting from the admission of an additional Limited Partner, shall be 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038705 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184889 
EFTA01354111

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354112.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
effective as of the Initial Closing Date, and, unless waived by the Investment Manager, shall include 
interest accrued at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% on unpaid 
Management Fee amounts due for the period between the Initial Drawdown Date and the date of such 
increase or admission, which interest component shall be in addition to, and not a part of, a Limited 
Partner's Subscription or reduce the unpaid portion of a Limited Partner's Subscription. The 
Management Fee payable for any period of less than a full fiscal quarter shall be proportionately adjusted 
based upon the ratio the number of days in such period bears to ninety (90). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing. the Investment Manager in its sole discretion may elect to waive or otherwise reduce the 
Management Fee attributable to any Limited Partner at any time (including in connection with the transfer 
of a Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership), and no such waiver or reduction shall be applicable to 
any other Partner absent the approval of the Investment Manager. 
The applicable Management Fee fora limited partner in any Feeder Fund shall be calculated based on the 
limited partner's subscription to such Feeder Fund. 
5.2.2.2 
Timing of Payments. 
Payments of Management Fees shall be calculated and made quarterly in advance on the first Business 
Day of each fiscal quarter of the Partnership. The first payment shall be due upon the Initial Drawdown 
Date or such later date as determined by the General Partner. If the Initial Drawdown Date is not the first 
day of a fiscal quarter of the Partnership however, the Partnership's first payment shall include the pro 
rata amount due until the beginning of the first succeeding fiscal quarter of the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 6- CAPITAL OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
6.1 
OBLIGATION TO CONTRIBUTE. 
6.1.1 
In General. 
Each Partner shall make capital contributions to the Partnership, in acconiance with and subject to the 
terms of this Agreement, in an aggregate amount equal to such Partner's Subscription plus any additional 
amounts pursuant to 3.3.1, 5.2.1.5, 11.1.8, and any unused contribution returned pursuant to 6.2.1. 
Except as provided in 6.3.2, the amount of capital required to be contributed by each Partner on the 
occasion of a drawdown shall be determined by the General Partner based on the ratio of such Partner's 
Percentage Interest to the aggregate Percentage Interests of all Partners; provided that, any contributions 
to fund unpaid Management Fees will be made by the Partners pro rara in accordance with their shares of 
such unpaid Management Fees. All capital contributions shall be made to the Partnership by wire transfer 
or other transfer of federal or other immediately available U.S. funds on the relevant due date to the 
account designated for such purpose. Subject to 6.3.2, each Partner shall be obligated to make payment in 
full of each required capital contribution together with any interest or other amounts due thereon, and no 
Partner shall make (nor shall the General Partner or the Partnership be obligated to accept) less than the 
full amount of any such required capital contribution. Unless otherwise approved by the General Partner, 
all Limited Partner capital contributions made pursuant to this Agreement must be made through or from 
a United States bank. 
6.1.2 
Initial Capital Contributions. 
Each Partner's initial capital contribution shall be due upon written notice from the General Partner on 
either the date such Partner is admitted to the Partnership or, if a later date, upon not less than seven (7) 
Business Days' prior written notice (the first date on which initial capital contributions are due to the 
Partnership is referred to herein as the "Initial Drawdown Date"). The General Partner may require each 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038706 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84890 
EFTA01354112

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354113.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Partnership on their Initial Drawdown Date equal to 
a portion of their Subscription. 
6.1.3 
Additional Contributions; Deficiency Drawdowns. 
The General Partner is authorized to draw down additional capital contributions from time to time for any 
purposes contemplated under this Agreement generally upon not less than seven (7) Business Days' prior 
written notice, except in certain limited circumstances where the General Partner deems it prudent to 
require capital contributions to be made on shorter notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Limited 
Partner has failed to make a capital contribution when due (including such Partner's initial capital 
contribution), the General Partner in its sole discretion may call for a deficiency drawdown of 
contributions from the other Partners to replace the unpaid contribution upon seven (7) Business Days' 
prior written notice (or such shorter amount of time as was required for the initial capital contributions 
that required the deficiency drawdown). For purposes of 6.3, the amount of a Limited Partner's 
contribution that is not paid when due shall be deemed to include such Limited Partner's ratable share, 
determined on a grossed-up basis. of any deficiency drawdown with respect to such Limited Partner's 
unpaid contribution. 
6.1.4 
Procedure for Notice of Capital Calls; Rescission or Postponement. 
The General Partner shall send written notice of a call for capital contributions, or a rescission or 
postponement of such a call, to each Limited Partner by electronic mail. A notice calling for capital 
contributions may be rescinded or postponed by the General Partner by prompt written notice. 
6.1.5 
Offsets Against Distributions; No Interest or Withdrawals. 
In connection with any call for capital contributions under this Agreement, the General Partner is 
authorized to apply cash that would otherwise be distributed to a Partner in satisfaction of such Partner's 
obligation to make a capital contribution pursuant to such call, to the extent thereof. The amount applied 
shall be deemed distributed to the Partner by the Partnership and then contributed by the Partner to the 
Partnership in satisfaction of such Partner's obligation to contribute capital hereunder and such Partner's 
Contribution shall be adjusted accordingly. No interest shall accrue on any Partner's Contribution. No 
Partner shall have the right to withdraw or to be repaid its Contribution except as specifically provided in 
this Agreement. 
6.1.6 
General Partner's Authority to Reduce Subscriptions. 
The General Partner in its sole discretion may reduce the Subscriptions of all Partners on a pro rata basis. 
The General Partner shall give each Partner written notice of the reduction, which notice shall include the 
amount of such Parolees reduced Subscription. 
6.1.7 
Subscription of the General Partner. 
The General Partner shall not have a Subscription. 
6.2 
RETURN OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS SUBJECT TO SUBSEQUENT DRAWDOWN. 
6.2.1 
Unused Contributions. 
The General Partner in its sole discretion may cause the Partnership to return to the Partners all or any 
portion of capital contributions that have not been (a) contributed to the Underlying Fund, (b) reserved for 
Glendoner Accent Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rataled Limited Partnership Agri:anent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038707 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184891 
EFTA01354113

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354114.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354114.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
or applied to the payment or reimbursement of expenses or liabilities of the Partnership or (c) used for 
other purposes, together with any interest or other income or gains ("Partner Interest") earned by the 
Partnership with such capital contributions prior to their return. Such contributions and Partner Interest 
shall be distributed to the Partners pro rata in proportion to the respective amounts of contributions made 
by them that are being returned and shall increase the Partners' unpaid Subscriptions. 
6.2.2 
Return of Contributions upon Admission of Additional Partner. 
Immediately following the initial (or additional) capital contribution of an Additional Limited Partner, 
and provided that the Partnership does not make a corresponding increase in its capital contribution to the 
Underlying Fund, the General Partner shall return to each of the non-contributing Partners, in proportion 
to their Contributions, a portion of their earlier capital contributions to the Partnership in an aggregate 
amount not in excess of the new contribution (less any Management Fee and interest due in accordance 
with 5.2.2.1, which shall be paid to the Investment Manager in accordance with (a)); provided that the 
General Partner may, in its sole discretion, reduce the amount of the contribution required to be made by 
the Additional Limited Partner pursuant to 3.3.1(6) so that, on a net basis after the return of contributions, 
all Partners will have contributed the same percentage of their Subscriptions. The General Partner, in its 
sole discretion, may also pay to the Partners as "guaranteed payments" (as defined in Section 707(e) of 
the Code), other than the Additional Limited Partner, in proportion to their Contributions, all or a portion 
of the interest-equivalent amounts contributed to the Partnership pursuant to 3.3.1. 
6.23 
Effect of Return of Contributions. 
The General Partner shall make all appropriate adjustments, including to the amount of the Partners' 
respective Contributions, unpaid Subscriptions, distributions, Capital Accounts and any other items that 
am adjusted for capital drawdomms, so that the amounts of all such items am, to the maximum extent 
possible, the same as they would have been had the capital drawdown that gave rise to any contribution 
that is returned pursuant to 6.2.1 or 6.2.2 never occurred and to otherwise give effect to the intended 
economic arrangement set forth in 3.3. land 6.2.2. No such adjustments shall be made, however, to reflect 
any amounts paid or distributed to a Partner that are attributable to (a) Partner Interest or (b) the payment 
to such Partner of any interest-equivalent amounts contributed to the Partnership pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4). 
A return of a Partner's capital contributions pursuant to 6.2.1 or 6.2.2 shall reduce such Partner's Capital 
Account, but shall not otherwise be treated as a distribution for purposes of this Agreement. unless the 
context so requires. 
6.3 
FAILURE TO MAKE REQUIRED PAYMENT. 
63.1 Interest. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, upon any failure by a Limited Partner to pay a capital 
contribution in full when due or any other payment required pursuant to this Agreement, interest will 
accrue at the Default Rate on the outstanding unpaid balance of such capital contribution, from and 
including the date such capital contribution was due until the date of full payment of such capital 
contribution by such Partner (or a transferee), including any interest accrued. The "Default Rate" with 
respect to any period shall be a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for 
such period. The General Partner, in its sole discretion, may waive the requirement to pay interest, in 
whole or in part. 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038708 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184892 
EFTA01354114

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354115.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354115.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
63.2 
Default. 
(a) 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement (including in 11.1.8 and 14.7.11), if any 
Limited Partner fails to make a capital contribution when due, including in connection 
with recalls of distributions, or any other payment required pursuant to this Agreement 
(including (a) expenses incurred in respect of Transfers (b) expenses incurred by the 
General Partner or the Partnership to the extent that any tax information or return is 
required to be prepared by the General Partner or the Partnership because of the identity, 
jurisdiction or action of the Limited Partner (including the election not to receive 
Schedule K-I electronically) and (c) any applicable interest charged in connection with a 
subsequent closing), then the General Partner may designate such Partner a "Defaulting 
Partner". The Partnership shall be entitled to enforce the obligations of each Partner to 
make the contributions to capital specified in this Agreement, and the Partnership shall 
have all remedies available at law or in equity in the event any such contribution is not so 
made. The remedies provided for in this 6.3.2 arc in addition to and not in limitation of 
any other right or remedy of the Partnership provided by law or equity, this Agreement, 
or any other agreement entered into by or among any one or more of the Partners and/or 
the Partnership (including, without limitation, any subscription agreement relating to the 
Partnership). Each Limited Partner hereby agrees that the remedy at law for damages 
resulting from its default under this Agreement is inadequate because the funding of 
Partnership investments and other obligations requires the timely availability of required 
capital contributions. In addition, (a) any material breach of any of the representations 
and warranties made by a Limited Partner in the subscription agreement or (b) any failure 
by a Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General Partner or 
Investment Manager in connection with anti-money laundering or similar programs, shall 
be considered a default hereunder and the General Partner may designate any such 
breaching Partner as a -Defaulting Partner". The Partners agree that the damages suffered 
by the Partnership as the result of a default by a Defaulting Partner will be substantial and 
that such damages cannot be estimated with reasonable accuracy. Upon the occurrence of 
a default by a Limited Partner (or, in the case of a Feeder Fund, a default by such Feeder 
Fund's limited partners), the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, pursue one or 
more of the following actions, as applicable: 
( I) 
The institution of an action for specific performance of the Defaulting Partner's 
obligation to contribute the capital contribution(s) in question: 
(2) 
Prohibit the Defaulting Partner from participating in any future capital calls; 
(3) 
Determine that no additional capital contribution shall be accepted from the 
Defaulting Partner. 
(4) 
Cause the compulsory redemption without compensation of up to one hundred 
percent (100%) of the Defaulting Partner's Interest; the redeemed Interest may 
be distributed to non-defaulting Limited Partners either (A) in proportion to 
their respective Subscriptions or (B) on any other equitable basis as the 
General Partner determines. Non-defaulting Limited Partners who accept a 
distribution of all or a portion of such Defaulting Partner's Interest may, at the 
option of the General Partner, be obligated to fund any capital calls in 
connection therewith; 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038709 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184893 
EFTA01354115

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354116.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354116.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(5) 
Cause the compulsory Transfer without compensation of up to one hundred 
percent (100%) of the Defaulting Partner's Interest and its unpaid Subscription 
to any third party on such terms and conditions as the Investment Manager 
and/or General Partner deem appropriate; 
(6) 
Cause the Defaulting Partner not to share in any income or gain realized by the 
Partnership while continuing to be responsible for its Percentage Interest of 
losses and Partnership Expenses; 
(7) 
Reduce the unpaid Subscription of the Defaulting Partner to zero or such other 
amount as the General Partner may determine in its sole discretion; 
(8) 
Force the Defaulting Partner to sell its interest in the Partnership, with the full 
assumption by the buyer of the Defaulting Partner's Subscription, including 
any portion then due and unpaid; 
(9) 
Accept a late contribution from the Defaulting Partner, with interest (unless 
such interest is otherwise waived by the General Partner), in satisfaction of its 
then outstanding obligation to contribute hereunder, provided that such 
Limited Partner shall remain a Defaulting Partner until the next full calendar 
quarter following such contribution and applicable interest; 
(10) 
Cause the entire unpaid Subscription of the Defaulting Partner and any 
amounts required to be contributed to the Partnership by such Defaulting 
Partner related to reimbursement of Partnership Expenses or any current or 
future Management Fees to be assessed to such Limited Partner to become 
immediately due and payable; 
Cause any distributions which would otherwise be made to the Defaulting 
Partner to be applied against any amounts due and payable from the Defaulting 
Partner; 
Accept from a Defaulting Partner an abandonment of such Defaulting Partner's 
interest in the Partnership, including without limitation, such Partner's 
Contribution, Capital Account and Subscription; 
Withhold any distributions that otherwise would be made to a Defaulting 
Partner until such time as the Partnership makes its final liquidating 
distribution, or until such earlier time as the General Partner may determine. 
Any distributions so withheld, or the proceeds thereof, may be used by the 
Partnership for any purpose; 
(14) 
Pursue and enforce all of the Partnership's other rights and remedies against 
the Defaulting Partner under this Agreement, the relevant subscription 
agreement and Delaware law, including but not limited to the commencement 
of a lawsuit to collect the unpaid capital contribution, interest and costs, and 
reimbursement (with interest at the Default Rate) of any other damages 
suffered by the Partnership; 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038710 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184894 
EFTA01354116

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354117.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354117.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(15) 
Except to the extent not permitted by the Delaware Act, limit or eliminate such 
Defaulting Partner's ability to vote, consent or withhold consent with respect to 
any Partnership matter; 
(16) 
Except to the extent not permitted by the Delaware Act, elect to terminate the 
interest of such Defaulting Partner, whereupon such Defaulting Partner shall 
cease to be a Limited Partner, and shall have no further interest in the 
Partnership, including any right to receive distributions of cash or property, or 
to vote on any matter (if the General Partner elects to exercise its rights under 
this clause (a), the interest of such Defaulting Partner shall be reallocated 
among all non-Defaulting Partners, pro rata based on their respective 
Subscriptions); and 
(17) 
To the extent that such Defaulting Partner's Interests are treated on a look-
through basis by the Underlying Fund, such Defaulting Partner may also be 
subject to thc remedies prescribed by thc Underlying Fund. 
(b) 
In addition to and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the 
General Partner (or its assigns) may, in its sole discretion, exercise any remedy in respect 
of the Defaulting Partner and/or the interest of the Defaulting Partner that could have 
been exercised by the General Partner if the provisions of the limited partnership 
agreement of the Underlying Fund were contained herein in their entirety, mitosis 
mutandis. In addition, in the event that a Limited Partner's default results in or 
contributes to a default by the Partnership under the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund, the General Partner may take any such actions in accordance with 
6.3.3. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the remedies set forth above shall be 
cumulative, and the use by the General Partner of one or more of them against a 
Defaulting Partner shall not preclude the use of any other such remedy. Each Limited 
Partner agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' 
fees) incurred by or on behalf of the Partnership in connection with the enforcement of 
this Agreement against such Limited Partner as a result of a default by such Limited 
Partner. 
(c) 
Upon an event of default by a Partner, if the General Partner elects to exercise its powers, 
duties or discretions with respect to such Partner under this 6.3.2, any income, profit or 
gain that otherwise would have been allocated to the Capital Account of such Defaulting 
Partner may be allocated to the Capital Accounts of all the other Partners (other than any 
other Defaulting Partner) pro rata in accordance with their respective Percentage 
Interests (calculated without giving effect to the Percentage Interest of any Defaulting 
Partner). 
(a) 
The application of the penalty provisions in this 6.3.2 shall not relieve any Defaulting 
Partner of its obligation to make all payments of its capital contributions when due. No 
course of dealing between the General Partner and any Defaulting Partner and no delay in 
exercising any right, power or remedy conferred in this 6.3.2 or existing at law or in 
equity or by statute or otherwise will operate as a waiver or otherwise prejudice any such 
right, power or remedy. 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038711 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184895 
EFTA01354117

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354118.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354118.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
63.3 
Bifurcated Default. 
If the Partnership fails to contribute all or any portion of any capital call amount set forth in a funding 
notice received from the Underlying Fund as and when due (an "Access Fund Default"), and such failure 
results from the failure of one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited Partner. a "Defaulting Access 
Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital call issued by the Partnership (regardless 
of whether or not such Defaulting Access Fund Investor is also a "Defaulting Partner" for purposes of this 
Agreement), then the general partner of the Underlying Fund has contractually agreed with the General 
Partner to only treat the Partnership as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined in the limited partnership 
agreement of the Underlying Fund (an "Underlying Fund Defaulting Partner")) with respect to the portion 
of the Partnership's interest in the Underlying Fund that has defaulted (e.g., if an Access Fund Default 
occurs whereby the Partnership only funds 95% of the capital call amount set forth in a funding notice for 
the Underlying Fund as a result of a default in a corresponding amount by one or more Defaulting Access 
Fund Investors, then 5% of the Partnership's interest in the Underlying Fund nil] be treated as a 
Underlying Fund Defaulting Partner. In addition, the General Partner has agreed that, if the general 
partner of the Underlying Fund so requests upon any Access Fund Default, the General Partner shall 
cause the Partnership to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the General Partner will delegate to the 
Underlying Fund, the authority to exercise directly for the direct benefit of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in this Agreement against a Defaulting Access Fund Investor as if they were 
a Defaulting Partner (regardless of whether or not they have been deemed a "Defaulting Partner" pursuant 
to this Agreement), and the Partnership and the General Partner will provide such assistance as is 
reasonably requested by the general partner of the Underlying Fund in connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of this Agreement, in order to equitably determine 
the rights and obligations of any Limited Partner with respect to the Underlying Fund, the General Partner 
may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited partner of the Underlying Fund with a capital 
commitment equal to such Limited Partner's Subscription to the Partnership, and if any Limited Partner 
defaults on its commitment to the Partnership (thereby becoming a Defaulting Access Fund Investor), any 
default penalties imposed by the general partner of the Underlying Fund may be allocated solely by the 
General Partner to the applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the maximum extent possible. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have the sole 
discretion to apply the default provisions under 6.3 to each investor in any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder 
Fund on a look-through basis as if such investor was a direct limited partner of the Partnership instead of 
applying such provisions directly to such Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund. 
6.3.4 
Assignment of Partner Contributions. 
The General Partner is hereby specifically authorized to assign to a third party as security for 
indebtedness or other obligations of the Partnership (i) all or a portion of the aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of the Limited Partners and (ii) all of the Partnership's and the General Partner's rights 
relating to the unpaid Subscriptions, including without limitation, the right to deliver notices, to receive 
payment of Subscriptions, to exercise all rights of the Partnership with respect to unpaid Subscriptions 
and to enforce all remedies against Limited Partners that fail to fund their respective unpaid Subscriptions 
pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; provided that the liability of the Limited 
Partners to make contributions shall not be increased thereby. Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to 
execute and deliver any documentation reasonably requested to facilitate any such assignment, including 
an agreement to be bound by such assignment. 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038712 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184896 
EFTA01354118

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354119.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354119.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
As security for the payment and performance of its obligations under this Agreement (including its 
obligation to make capital contributions), each Limited Partner hereby assigns to the Partnership and the 
Partnership's assigns (including any Person to which the Partnership may assign such obligations as 
collateral for any borrowings), as a continuing security by way of first fixed charge, all of such Limited 
Partner's right, title, benefit and interest in and to such Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership. If a 
default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Partnership and the Partnership's assigns may exercise 
all the rights of a secured party under applicable law, including the power to sell or otherwise dispose of, 
for any consideration as the Partnership and the Partnership's assigns shall think frt, the whole or any part 
of such Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership. Upon request of the Partnership, and to the extent 
permitted under applicable law, each Limited Partner shall give, execute, file and record any notice, 
financing statement, continuation statement or other instrument, document or agreement that the 
Partnership or the Partnership's assigns may consider necessary or desirable to create, perfect, continue or 
validate the security interest granted hereby, or which the Partnership or the Partnership's assigns may 
consider necessary or desirable to exercise or enforce its rights hereunder with respect to such security 
interest. 
ARTICLE 7 - DISTRIBUTIONS 
7.1 
AMOUNT, TIMING AND FORM. 
7.1.1 
General. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the General Partner shall determine the amount, timing 
and form (whether in cash or in kind) of all distributions made by the Partnership. 
7.1.2 
Distribution of Proceeds of Investments. 
The Partnership shall distribute, in the manner described in this Article 7 or Article 10, as the case may 
be, all cash proceeds of its investments as promptly as practicable. Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, the General Partner in its sole discretion may cause the Partnership to retain proceeds of 
investments for any amounts necessary to create, in the General Partner's sole discretion, reserves for the 
payment of Partnership Expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under this Agreement. 
7.2 
DISCRETIONARY DISTRIBUTIONS. 
7.2.1 
General. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all distributions shall be made to and among the Partners 
pro rata in accordance with their Percentage Interests. 
The General Partner shall as necessary and in good faith adjust the amounts distributable to one or more 
Partners pursuant to this 7.2.1 to take into account (i) reserves established to pay Management Fees in 
future periods that are ultimately released or used to pay other Partnership Expenses, and (ii) other events 
or circumstances that would impact the amounts distributed to a Partner, provided that, any such 
adjustment shall, to the maximum extent possible, be intended to result in the Partners bearing the 
economic costs of the respective Management Fee attributed to them pursuant to 5.2.2.1 but otherwise 
sharing in the economic performance of the Partnership in proportion to their respective Subscriptions. 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038713 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184897 
EFTA01354119

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354120.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354120.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
7.2.2 
Operational Rules. 
For purposes of 7.2.1 and this 7.2.2: 
(a) 
If distributions to which a Defaulting Partner otherwise would have been entitled have 
been withheld pursuant to 6.3.2, the amounts so withheld shall be treated as having been 
distributed to such Partner and any subsequent distributions of such amounts to the 
Defaulting Partner shall be disregarded: 
(b) 
Amounts treated as distributed to a Partner pursuant to 7.4 and the amounts of any 
reductions in the amounts otherwise distributable to a Partner pursuant to 11.1.8 shall be 
taken into account as if such amounts had been distributed to such Partner pursuant to 
7.2.1; 
(c) 
Distributions made to any Partner's predecessors in interest shall be treated as having 
been made to such Partner; 
(d) 
The amount of any distribution of securities in kind shall be equal to the fair market value 
of such securities at the time of distribution: and 
(e) 
If them are Defaulting Partners, distributions shall be modified to the extent required by 
Article 6; and references in this Article 7 to "Partners" and to "Limited Partner" shall be 
modified accordingly. 
SPECIAL DISTRIBUTIONS. 
Distributions of available cash corresponding to amounts of Partnership net income and gains that have 
been specially allocated to Partners pursuant to 8.3 shall be made, at such time or times as the General 
Partner in its discretion shall determine, to the Partners to whom such net income and gains have been 
allocated. No distribution made to a Partner pursuant to this 7.3 shall be taken into account in 
determining the amount previously distributed to (or to be distributed to) such Partner pursuant to the 
other provisions of this Article 7. 
7.4 
PAYMENT OF TAXES. 
7.4.1 
General. 
If the Partnership incurs an obligation to pay (directly or indirectly) any amount in respect of taxes with 
respect to amounts allocated or distributed to one or more Partners (including as a result of an audit or 
other tax proceeding), including but not limited to withholding taxes imposed on any Partner's or former 
Partner's share of the Partnership gross or net income and gains (or items thereof), income taxes, as well 
as any taxes imposed on the Partnership under Section 1446(f) of the Code (or any similar taxes imposed 
by any state, local or non-U.S. taxing authority) as a result of a Transfer with respect to which the Limited 
Partner was a party, any interest, penalties or additions to tax and any tax or other liability described in 
14.6.2 (in each case, 'Tax Liability"), or if the amount of a payment or distribution of cash or other 
property to the Partnership is reduced as a result of withholding or imposition of taxes, penalties and 
interest by other parties in satisfaction of any such Tax Liability: 
(a) 
All payments by the Partnership in satisfaction of such Tax Liability and all reductions in 
the amount of a payment or distribution that the Partnership otherwise would have 
received shall be treated, pursuant to this 7.4, as distributed to those Partners or former 
Otendoner Accent Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ractaled Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038714 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184898 
EFTA01354120

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354121.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354121.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partners to which the related Tax Liability is attributable (and therefore shall reduce 
distributions under this Agreement to which such Partners otherwise would have been 
entitled), as determined by the General Partner in its reasonable discretion; and 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership and 
any other Indemnitee for its sham of any Tax Liability and for all claims, liabilities and 
expenses of whatever nature relating to the Partnership's or the Indemnitee's obligation 
to withhold and to pay over, or otherwise to pay, any withholding or other taxes payable 
by the Partnership or any of its Affiliates with respect to such Limited Partner or as a 
result of such Limited Partner's participation in the Partnership or as otherwise 
attributable to such Limited Partner or such Limited Partner's Interest. 
7.4.2 
Tax Liability. 
The General Partner, after consulting with the Partnership's accountants or other advisers. shall determine 
the amount, if any, of any Tax Liability attributable to any Partner. For this purpose, the General Partner 
shall be entitled to treat any Partner as ineligible for an exemption from or reduction in rate of such Tax 
Liability under a tax treaty or otherwise except to the extent that such Partner provides the General 
Partner with such written evidence as the General Partner or the relevant tax authorities may require to 
establish such Partner's entitlement to such exemption or reduction and may treat a Tax Liability as 
attributable to a Partner to the extent the Tax Liability is due to the Partner failing to provide such 
information or certifications regarding the Partner or its beneficial owners as the General Partner may 
reasonably request or as the relevant tax authorities may require. 
7.4.3 
Partnership Obligation. 
For purposes of this 7.4, any obligation to pay any amount in respect of any Tax Liability incurred by the 
General Partner with respect to income of or distributions made to any other Partner or former Partner 
shall constitute a Partnership obligation. 
7.5 
CERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS PROHIBITED. 
Anything in this Article 7 to the contrary notwithstanding, no distribution shall be made to any Partner if, 
and to the extent that, such distribution would not be permitted under Sections 17407(a) or 17-804(e) of 
the Delaware Act. 
ARTICLE 8 - CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS 
8.1 
CAPITAL ACCOUNTS. 
8.1.1 
Creation and Maintenance. 
There shall be established on the books of the Partnership a capital account for each Partner (such 
Partner's "Capital Account") that shall be: 
(a) 
Increased by (1) any capital contributions made to the Partnership by such Partner 
pursuant to this Agreement and (2) any amounts in the nature of income or gain allocated 
to such Partner pursuant to this Article 8 or Appendix II: 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038715 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184899 
EFTA01354121

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354122.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354122.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(b) 
Decreased by (1) any distributions made to such Partner and (2) any amounts in the 
nature of loss or expense allocated to such Partner pursuant to this Article 8 or 
Appendix 11; and 
(c) 
Otherwise adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement including, but 
not limited to, 6.3.2(a)(5). 
8.1.2 
Timing of Allocations. 
Allocations of Net Gain, Net Loss, and any other items of income, gain, loss and deduction pursuant to 
this Article 8 and Appendix 11 shall be made for each fiscal year of the Partnership as of the end of such 
fiscal year; provided, however, that if the Carrying Value of the assets of the Partnership are adjusted in 
accordance with clause (ii) of the definition of "Carrying Value," the date of such adjustment shall be 
considered to be the end of a fiscal year for purposes of computing and allocating such Net Gain, Net 
Loss, and other items of income, gain, loss and deduction. 
8.1.3 
Compliance with Treasury Regulations. 
The provisions of this 8.1, including the provisions relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts, are 
intended to comply with Section 704(6) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b), and 
shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such regulations. 
8.2 
ALLOCATIONS OF NET GAIN OR LOSS. 
8.2.1 
Net Gain and Net Loss, Generally. 
Except as explicitly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, the items of income, gain, loss or deduction of 
the Partnership comprising Net Gain or Net Loss for a fiscal year shall be allocated by the General Partner 
among the Partners in a manner such that the Capital Account of each Partner, immediately after making 
such allocation, is, as nearly as possible. equal (proportionately) to: 
(a) 
the distributions that would be made to such Partner pursuant to 7.2.1 (as adjusted by the 
other provisions of Article 7) if (x) the Partnership were dissolved, its affairs wound up 
and its assets sold for cash equal to their Carrying Values, (y) all Partnership liabilities 
were satisfied (limited in the case of each Nonrecourse Liability to the Carrying Value of 
the assets securing such liability) and (z) the net assets of the Partnership were distributed 
in accordance with 7.2.1 (as adjusted by the other provision of Article 7) to the Partners 
immediately after making such allocations, minus 
(b) 
such Partner's share of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt 
Minimum Gain, computed immediately prior to the hypothetical sale of the assets. 
All allocations may be adjusted in the sole discretion of the General Partner to take into account any 
charges or adjustments to be made to a Partner's Capital Account under this Agreement, including but not 
limited to, expenses specially charged to a Partner or a Partner's Capital Account and for Defaulting 
Partners. 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038716 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184900 
EFTA01354122

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354123.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354123.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
8.2.2 
Special Allocations of Items of Loss or Deduction. 
(a) 
Items of loss or expense shall be allocated to each Additional Limited Partner to offset 
such Partner's contribution of an interest-equivalent amount to the extent required by 
3.3.1(a)(4). 
(b) 
The Transfer Expenses, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to the transferor or 
the transferee of thc Partnership interest involved to the extent such party bears thc 
economic cost of such expenses pursuant to 11.1.8. 
(c) 
The amount of any deduction attributable to the Management Fee payable with respect to 
a particular Partner pursuant to 5.2.2.1 for a period shall be specially allocated to such 
Partner for such period. 
8.2.3 
Allocations Following a Default. 
Following the failure of a Limited Partner to make a contribution when due. allocations otherwise 
prescribed by this 8.2 shall be modified as set forth in 6.3.2, as the case may be. 
OTHER SPECIALLY ALLOCATED ITEMS. 
After giving effect to the special allocations set forth in Appendix II the following items of the 
Partnership shall be specially allocated in the manner set forth below. 
(a) 
The Partner Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to those Partners who 
made capital contributions that were used to acquire the Temporary Investments giving 
rise to such Partner Interest, in proportion to the relative amounts of their capital 
contributions that were so used. 
(b) 
The Delayed Payment Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to all Partners 
other than thc Partner liable to pay such interest in proportion to their respective 
Contributions. 
8.4 
ADMISSION OF ADDITIONAL PARTNERS. 
If any Person is admitted to the Partnership (or the Subscription of any existing Partner is increased) after 
the Initial Closing Date but on or before the Final Closing Date, subject to 3.3.1and 6.2.2, the General 
Partner shall adjust subsequent allocations of Partnership income, gain, loss and expense otherwise 
provided for in this Article 8 and Appendix II as necessary so that, after such adjustments have been made 
each Partner (other than a Defaulting Partner) shall have a Capital Account balance equal to the balance 
such Partner would have had if (a) it had been admitted to the Partnership on the Initial Closing Date with 
a Subscription equal to its Subscription immediately following such admission or increase, and (b) it had 
made all capital contributions in respect of such Subscription when originally due; provided, however. 
that the allocations otherwise required by this 8.4 shall be limited to those permitted by Section 706 of the 
Code. 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038717 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184901 
EFTA01354123

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354124.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
ARTICLE 9 - DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
9.1 
TERM OF PARTNERSHIP. 
The term of the Partnership shall continue until the first anniversary of the dissolution of the Underlying 
Fund (and accordingly, shall extend automatically upon any extension thereof), unless its term is extended 
as provided in this 9.1, or unless it is sooner dissolved as provided in 9.2 or 9.3 or by operation of law. 
The term of the Partnership may be extended by the General Partner in its sole discretion. The General 
Partner shall notify the Limited Partners promptly of any extension. 
9.2 
DISSOLUTION UPON WITHDRAWAL OF GENERAL PARTNER. 
(a) 
The Partnership shall be dissolved if there shall occur with respect to the General Partner 
any of the events of withdrawal described in Sections I7-402(a)(2) through 17-402(a)(1 I) 
of the Delaware Act, unless a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners elect to 
continue the Partnership and elect a replacement General Partner within ninety (90) days 
of the General Partner's withdrawal. 
(b) 
If the General Partner suffers an event that, with the passage of the period specified in the 
Delaware Act, becomes an event of withdrawal under Section 17-402(a)(4) or (5) of the 
Delaware Act, the General Partner shall notify each Limited Partner of the occurrence of 
such event within 30 days after the occurrence of such event (or within the maximum 
time then permitted under the Delaware Act). 
(c) 
The Partnership shall not be dissolved in the event of the dissolution, death, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, incompetence, disability, substitution or admission of any Limited Partner, or 
any other similar event involving the existence, status or organization of a Limited 
Partner. 
9.3 
DISSOLUTION BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
The General Partner may dissolve the Partnership and any of the Alternative Investment Vehicles at any 
time on not less than 30 days prior written notice to the Limited Partners. 
ARTICLE 10 - LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION 
10.1 
GENERAL 
Following dissolution, the Partnership's assets shall be liquidated in an orderly manner. The General 
Partner shall be the liquidator to wind up the affairs of the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement; 
provided, however, that if them shall be no remaining General Partner at that time, a majority-in-interest 
of the Limited Partners may designate one or more other Persons to act as the liquidator (or liquidators) 
instead of the General Partner. Any such liquidator, other than the General Partner, shall be a "liquidating 
trustee" within the meaning of Section 17-101(10) of the Delaware Act. 
10.2 
LIQUIDATING DISTRIBUTIONS. 
The liquidator shall pay or provide for the satisfaction of the Partnership's liabilities and obligations to 
creditors. In performing its duties, the liquidator is authorized to sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of 
the assets of the Partnership in such reasonable manner as the liquidator shall determine. All items of 
income, gain, loss and expense shall be allocated among the Partners in accordance with Article 8 and 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038718 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184902 
EFTA01354124

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354125.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Appendix II and the remaining assets of the Partnership shall then be distributed to the Partners in cash 
(to the extent feasible) or in kind, in the sole discretion of the liquidator, in proportion to the positive 
balances in their respective Capital Accounts, after such Capital Accounts have been adjusted to reflect 
any Net Gain or Net Loss attributable to a distribution in kind. During the liquidation of the Partnership, 
the liquidator shall furnish to the Partners the financial statements and other information specified in 14.2, 
subject to 14.7.8. 
103 
EXPENSES OF LIQUIDATOR. 
The expenses incurred by the liquidator in connection with winding up the Partnership and reasonable 
compensation for the services of the liquidator (if any) shall be borne by the Partnership. If the General 
Partner serves as the liquidator, it shall not be entitled to additional compensation for providing services 
in such capacity as long as it or an Affiliate continues to be entitled to payments of the Management Fees. 
10.4 
DURATION OF LIQUIDATION. 
A reasonable time shall be allowed for the winding up of the affairs of the Partnership in order to 
minimize any losses that might otherwise result. The liquidator shall use commercially reasonable efforts 
to carry out the liquidation in conformity with the timing requirements of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(bX2)(ii)(g), but will not be bound to do so or liable to any Partner for failure to do so. 
10.5 
LIABILITY FOR RETURNS. 
10.5.1 General. 
The liquidator, the General Partner and their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, 
directors, managers, employees, agents and Affiliates shall not be personally liable for the return of the 
capital contributions of any Partner. 
10.5.2 Limited Partner Obligations. 
No Limited Partner shall be obligated to restore to the Partnership any amount with respect to a negative 
Capital Account; provided, however, that this provision shall not affect the obligations of Partners to 
make their agreed-upon capital contributions and any other payments to the Partnership that are required 
under this Agreement or applicable law, including without limitation pursuant to 12.4. 
ARTICLE 11 - LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
11.1 
TRANSFERS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS. 
11.1.1 General. 
No assignment, pledge, mortgage, hypothecation, sale or other disposal of or encumbrance (each such act, 
a "Transfer") of a Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, in whole or in part, shall be made other 
than pursuant to this 11.1. Any attempted Transfer of all or any part of a Limited Partner's interest in the 
Partnership without compliance with this Agreement shall be void. Each Transfer (a) shall be subject to 
all of the terms, conditions, restrictions and obligations set forth in this Agreement and (b) shall be 
evidenced by a written agreement executed by the transferor, the transferee(s) and the General Partner, in 
form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, and be effective as of the first day or last day of a 
fiscal quarter (unless otherwise agreed to by the General Partner). 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038719 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184903 
EFTA01354125

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354126.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354126.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.1.2 Consent of General Partner. 
The prior written consent of the General Partner, which may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion, 
shall be required for any Transfer of all or part of any Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, 
including a Transfer of solely an economic or synthetic interest in the Partnership. In determining 
whether to grant its consent to a Transfer, the General Partner shall take into account whether such 
Transfer would result in the "termination" of the Partnership pursuant to Section 708 of thc Code and, if 
so, whether such termination would result in material adverse income tax consequences or material 
additional expense to the Partnership or any Partner. 
11.1.3 No Public Trading in Partnership Interests. 
The General Partner shall not cause or permit any offering of interests in the Partnership to be registered 
under the Securities Act or to become "traded on an established securities market or the substantial 
equivalent thereof." and shall withhold its consent to any Transfer that. to the General Partner's 
knowledge after reasonable inquiry, otherwise would be accomplished by a trade on a "secondary market 
or the substantial equivalent thereof." in each case within the meaning of Sections 7704 or 469(k) of the 
Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations. 
11.1.4 No Recognition of Certain Transfers. 
No Transfer of any "partnership interest" (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(a)(2)) in 
the Partnership or portion thereof or derivative interest therein shall be permitted or "recognized" (within 
the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(d)) by the Partnership or the General Partner unless 
either (a) the General Partner determines that either such Transfer or the Partnership (immediately after 
such Transfer) will qualify, for a safe harbor set forth in the Treasury Regulations under Section 7704 or 
(b) the General Partner otherwise determines, after consulting with the Partnership's tax advisors, that 
such Transfer will not cause the Partnership to be treated as a publicly traded partnership under 
Section 7704(6) of the Code. 
11.1.5 Required Representations by Parties. 
(a) 
The transferor and each transferee shall provide to the General Partner, in connection 
with any proposed Transfer, written representations to the effect that: 
(I) 
The proposed Transfer will not be effected on or through (A) a United States 
national, regional or local securities exchange, (B) a foreign securities 
exchange or (C) an interdealer quotation system that regularly disseminates 
firm buy or sell quotations by identified brokers or dealers; and 
(2) 
Such Person is not, and its proposed Transfer or acquisition (as the case may 
be) will not be made by, through or on behalf of (A) a Person, such as a broker 
or a dealer, making a market in interests in the Partnership, or (B) a Person 
who makes available to the public bid or offer quotes with respect to interests 
in the Partnership. 
(b) 
The transferor and transferee(s) shall provide such additional written representations as 
the General Partner reasonably may request, including representations required by 14.6.4. 
(c) 
The General Partner and counsel to the Partnership shall be permitted to rely upon any 
representations made by the transferor and transferee(s), whether pursuant to 11.1.5(a) or 
Otendoner Accent Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratan:el limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038720 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184904 
EFTA01354126

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354127.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354127.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.1.5(b) or otherwise, and on written representations from other Partners made prior to 
or contemporaneously with such proposed Transfer. The General Partner, in its sole 
discretion. may waive its right to obtain any representations otherwise required by 
11.1.5(a) or 11.1.5(b). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each transferring Limited 
Partner and transferee shall provide such forms, documentation. proof of payment or 
other certifications as reasonably required by the General Partner to determine that the 
transferring Limited Partner and the transferee have complied with Section 1446(f) of the 
Code (ignoring for this purpose Section 1446(O(4) of the Code), and any similar 
provision of state, local or non-U.S. law. Each of the transferring Limited Partner and the 
transferee shall be jointly and severally liable and shall pay and/or reimburse and hold 
harmless the Partnership and the General Partner for any taxes imposed under Section 
1446(f) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. law) as a result of 
any Transfer with respect to which such Limited Partner or transferee was a party, 
together with any related costs and expenses. The obligations under this provision shall 
survive the transfer or termination of an interest in the Partnership, as well as the 
termination, dissolution, liquidation and winding up of the Partnership. 
11.1.6 Other Prohibited Legal Consequences. 
No Transfer shall be permitted, and the General Partner shall withhold its consent with respect thereto, if 
it determines in good faith that such Transfer would: 
(a) 
Result in the Partnership's assets becoming "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA, 
the Plan Assets Regulation or Section 4975 of the Code; 
(b) 
Result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code; 
(c) 
Result in close to 25% or more of the aggregate interests in the Partnership or any 
Alternative Investment Vehicle (excluding interests held by any person or entity (or an 
Affiliate of any person or entity) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to 
the assets of the Partnership (other than a "benefit plan investor")) being held by "benefit 
plan investors"; 
(d) 
Result in a violation of the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
(e) 
Require the Partnership to register as an investment company under the Investment 
Company Act; 
(f) 
Require the General Partner or any of its Affiliates to register as an investment adviser 
under the Advisers Act if it or they are not already so registered; 
Result in the Partnership being classified for United States federal income tax purposes as 
an association taxable as a corporation; 
(g) 
(h) 
Result in the Partnership being considered to be a "publicly traded partnership" under 
Section 7704 of the Code: 
Result in a breach of the terms of the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying 
Fund: or 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038721 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184905 
EFTA01354127

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354128.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354128.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(j) 
Result in any interest in the Partnership being held by a transferee that is not an 
"accredited investor" (as defined under Regulation D of the Securities Act), a "qualified 
purchaser" (as defined in the Investment Company Act) and a "qualified client" (as 
defined under the Advisers Act), except in connection with the death of a Limited 
Partner. 
11.1.7 Opinion of Counsel. 
My Transfer otherwise permitted hereunder will be made only upon receipt by the Partnership of a 
written opinion of counsel for the Partnership, or of other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the General 
Partner, in form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, as to compliance with 11.1.6 and such 
other legal matters as the General Partner reasonably may request. The General Partner may waive, in 
whole or in part, the requirement of an opinion pursuant to this 11.1.7. 
11.1.8 Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses. 
My transferring Partner and such Partner's transferee, jointly and severally, shall be required to 
reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the General Partner, for any expenses reasonably incurred by 
the Partnership in connection with such Transfer, including the costs of seeking and obtaining the legal 
opinion required by 11.1.7 and any other legal, accounting and miscellaneous expenses ("Transfer 
Expenses"), whether or not such Transfer is consummated. The minimum Transfer Expenses for any 
Transfer shall be $5,000. At its election, and in any event if the transferor has not reimbursed the 
Partnership for any Transfer Expenses incurred by the Partnership in preparing for or consummating a 
proposed or completed Transfer within ten (10) days after the General Partner has delivered to such 
Partner written demand for payment, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, seek reimbursement 
from either the transferor or the transferee of such interest. If either the transferor or the transferee does 
not reimburse the Partnership for such Transfer Expenses within a reasonable time, the General Partner 
may reduce any distribution otherwise payable to either the transferor or the transferee by the amount of 
such Transfer Expenses or reduce the Capital Account of either the transferor or the transferee pursuant to 
6.3.2. The amount of any such reduction in the amount of any distribution that otherwise would have 
been made to either the transferor or the transferee shall be treated as having been distributed to such 
transferor or transferee. 
11.2 
ADMISSION OF SUBSTITUTED LIMITED PARTNERS. 
11.2.1 General. 
Any transferee of a Partnership interest transferred in accordance with the provisions of this Article 11 
shall be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner only with the General Partner's written consent, which 
consent may be withheld for any reason or for no reason. Without the written consent of the General 
Partner to such substitution and the written opinion of counsel required by 11.1.7 (or waiver thereof by 
the General Partner), no transferee of a Partnership interest shall be admitted as a Limited Partner. 
11.2.2 Effect of Admission. 
The transferee of an interest in the Partnership transferred pursuant to this Article 11 that is admitted to 
the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner shall succeed to the rights and liabilities of the transferor 
Limited Partner with respect to such interest and, after the effective date of such admission, the 
Subscription, Contribution and Capital Account of the transferor shall become the Subscription, 
Contribution and Capital Account of the transferee, to the extent of the interest transferred. If a transferee 
is not admitted to the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner, (a) such transferee shall have no right 
Otendmter Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038722 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184906 
EFTA01354128

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354129.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354129.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
to participate with the Limited Partners in any votes taken or consents granted or withheld by the Limited 
Partners hereunder, and (b) the transferor (or the estate, legal representative, or other successor of the 
original owner, if applicable) shall remain liable to the Partnership for all contributions and other amounts 
payable with respect to the transferred interest to the same extent as if no Transfer had occurred. 
113 
NON-COMPLIANT TRANSFER. 
If a Transfer has been proposed or attempted but has not satisfied the requirements of this Article II 
(including, as determined in good faith by the General Partner, any transaction which does not otherwise 
constitute a Transfer but a purpose of which is to achieve indirectly a result similar to that which would 
be achieved directly if such transaction were structured as a Transfer), the General Partner shall not admit 
the purported transferee as a substituted Limited Partner but, to the contrary, shall use its reasonable best 
efforts to ensure that the Partnership (a) continues to treat the transferor as the sole owner of the interest 
in the Partnership purportedly transferred, (b) makes no distributions to the purported transferee and 
(c) does not furnish to the purported transferee any tax or financial information regarding the Partnership. 
The General Partner shall also use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Partnership does not 
otherwise treat the purported transferee as an owner of any interest in the Partnership (either legal or 
equitable), unless required by law to do so. The Partnership shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, at 
the expense of the purported transferor, to prevent any such purported Transfer. 
11.4 
MULTIPLE OWNERSHIP. 
If the Transfer results in multiple ownership of any Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, the 
General Partner may require one or more trustees or nominees to be designated as representing a portion 
of or the entire interest transferred for purposes of (a) receiving all notices which may be given, and all 
payments which may be made, under this Agreement and (b) exercising all rights which the transferor as 
a Limited Partner has pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
11.5 
No WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no Partner shall have the right to withdraw from the 
Partnership, to withdraw its capital and profits from the Partnership, or to demand and receive any 
Partnership property in exchange for its interest in the Partnership. 
11.6 
REMOVAL OF A LIMITED PARTNER. 
The General Partner may require the complete or partial withdrawal of a Limited Partner if: (i) the 
General Partner determines in good faith that, in consequence of a change in the direct or indirect 
ownership or control of such Limited Partner, continued participation by such Limited Partner is 
inconsistent with the best interests of the Partnership; (ii) such Limited Partner has used or disclosed 
confidential information in violation of 14.7.8; or (iii) the General Partner determines in its reasonable 
discretion that continued ownership of such Limited Partner in the Partnership would (a) constitute or 
give rise to a violation of applicable law, or (b) otherwise subject the Partnership or the General Partner to 
material onerous legal, tax or other regulatory requirements that cannot reasonably be avoided without 
material adverse consequences to any other Partner or the Partnership. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have the sole discretion to apply the provisions of 
this 11.6 to each investor of any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis. 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038723 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184907 
EFTA01354129

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354130.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354130.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.7 
LOOK-THROUGH TREATMENT. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, apply any provision of this Agreement to the limited partners of a Feeder Fund on a look-
through basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 12 - EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 
12.1 
EXCULPATION. 
12.1.1 General. 
No Covered Person, whether or not such Person remains a Covered Person, shall be liable to the 
Partnership or any Partner for any loss suffered by the Partnership or any Partner which arises out of any 
investment or any other action or omission of such Covered Person if (a) such Covered Person acted in 
good faith, (b) such conduct did not constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct and (c) with respect 
to any criminal action or proceeding, such Covered Person had no reasonable cause to believe that his or 
her conduct was unlawful. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that, 
at law or in equity, a Partner has duties (including fiduciary• duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the 
Partnership, any Partner or any other Person that is bound by this Agreement, such Partner acting under 
this Agreement shall not be liable to the Partnership, any Partner or any other Person bound by this 
Agreement for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement, and the provisions of this 
Agreement, to the extent that they restrict or eliminate the duties (including fiduciary duties) and 
liabilities (by specifying a duty of care or otherwise) of a Partner otherwise existing at law or in equity, 
are agreed by each Partner to replace such duties and liabilities. For purposes of this Article 12, (i) 
"Covered Person" shall mean the Investment Manager, the General Partner (including without limitation 
the General Partner acting as Tax Matters Partner, Partnership Representative or as liquidator), the 
members of the General Partner, the respective officers, directors, managers, members or partners, of the 
Investment Manager or General Partner, each partner, member, stockholder, officer, director, manager, 
employee. agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, and the Administrator, and (ii) the General Partner 
shall be responsible for determining in its sole discretion if clauses (a), (b) and (c) of the first sentence of 
this 12.1.1 were satisfied. 
12.1.2 Activities of Others. 
No Covered Person shall be liable for the negligence, whether by action or omission, dishonesty or bad 
faith of any employee, broker or other agent of the Partnership selected by any Covered Person with 
reasonable care. 
12.13 Liquidator. 
No Person other than the General Partner that serves as liquidator pursuant to Article 10 shall be liable to 
the Partnership or any Partner for any loss suffered by the Partnership or any Partner which arises out of 
any action or omission of such Person, provided that such Person acted in good faith and, with respect to 
any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that such Person's conduct was 
unlawful. 
12.1.4 Advice of Experts. 
No Covered Person and no Person serving as liquidator shall be liable to the Partnership or any Partner 
with respect to any action or omission taken or suffered by any of them in good faith if such action or 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038724 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184908 
EFTA01354130

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354131.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354131.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
omission is taken or suffered in reliance upon and in accordance with the opinion or advice of legal 
counsel (as to matters of law), or of accountants (as to matters of accounting), or of investment bankers, 
accounting firms, or other appraisers (as to matters of valuation), provided that any such professional or 
finn is selected by any such Person with reasonable cam. 
12.2 
INDEMNIFICATION. 
12.2.1 General. 
The Covered Persons, each liquidator and each partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, manager, 
trustcc, employee, agent and Affiliate of any of the foregoing (each, an ""Indemnitee") shall be 
indemnified (whether or not the Indemnitee continues to serve in such capacity at the time such action, 
suit or proceeding is brought or threatened), subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, by the 
Partnership (out of Partnership assets, including unpaid Subscriptions, the proceeds of liability insurance 
and as set forth in 12.4) against any claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense 
(including legal and accounting fees and expenses, costs of investigations and sums paid in settlement), 
judgment and/or liability of any kind or nature, whatsoever or however arising incurred by or imposed 
upon the Indemnitee in connection with any action, suit or proceeding (including any proceeding before 
any administrative or legislative body or agency), to which the Indemnitee may be made a party or 
otherwise involved or with which the Indemnitee shall be threatened, by reason of the Indemnitee's being 
at the time the cause of action arose or thereafter, a Covered Person, a liquidator, a partner, member, 
stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, or a 
partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, manager. trustee, employee, consultant or agent of any 
other organization in which the Partnership owns or has owned an interest or of which the Partnership is 
or was a creditor, which other organization the Indemnitee serves or has served as a partner, member. 
stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, consultant or agent at the request of the 
Partnership, or by reason of actions or omissions taken or suffered in any such capacity. 
12.2.2 Limitation on Indemnification. 
An lndemnitee shall not be indemnified with respect to matters as to which the Indemnitee shall have 
been finally adjudicated in any such action, suit or proceeding (a) to have acted in bad faith or to have 
acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct, or (b) with respect to any criminal action or 
proceeding, to have had reasonable cause to believe that such Person's conduct was unlawful. 
12.2.3 Advance Payment of Expenses. 
The Partnership may. in the General Partner's sole discretion, pay the expenses incurred by an Indemnitee 
in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with claims arising in connection 
with any potential or threatened action, suit or proceeding, in advance of the final disposition of such 
action, suit or proceeding, upon (a) the assignment by such Indemnitee of any and all rights that the 
Indemnitee may have to seek indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such action, 
suit or proceeding, and (b) the execution of a written agreement between the Partnership and the 
Indemnitee reflecting that, as a result of the advancement of such expenses, the Partnership is subrogated 
to the Indemnitee's rights to pursue a claim for indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with 
respect to such action, suit or proceeding, and (c) the receipt of an undertaking by such Indemnitee to 
repay such payment if the Indemnitee shall be determined to be not entitled to indemnification for such 
expenses pursuant to this Article 12.2 (whether by virtue of such person's conduct, the receipt of a 
corresponding indemnification payment from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such matter, or 
otherwise); provided, however, that in such instance the Indemnitee is not defending an actual or 
threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding against the Indemnitee by the General Partner directly or 
Otendovmr Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038725 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184909 
EFTA01354131

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354132.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354132.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
indirectly through the Partnership (or by the Indemnitee against the Partnership and/or the General 
Partner). 
12.2.4 Insurance. 
At its election, the General Partner may cause the Partnership to purchase and maintain insurance, at the 
expense of the Partnership and to the extent available, for the protection of any Indemnitee or potential 
Indemnitee against any liability incurred in any capacity which results in such Person being an 
Indemnitee (provided that such Person is serving or has served in such capacity at the request of the 
Partnership or the General Partner), whether or not the Partnership has the power to indemnify such 
Person against such liability. The General Partner may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of and 
at the expense of the Partnership for the protection of any officer, director, manager, employee or other 
agent of any other organization in which the Partnership owns an interest or of which the Partnership is a 
creditor against similar liabilities, whether or not the Partnership has the power to indemnify any Person 
against such liabilities. 
12.2.5 Successors. 
The foregoing right of indemnification shall inure to the benefit of the executors, administrators, personal 
representatives, successors or assigns of each such Indemnitee. 
12.2.6 Rights to Indemnification from Other Sources. 
12.2.6.1 
Indemnification from Other Sources. 
The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred in this 12.2 shall not be exclusive 
and shall be in addition to any rights to which any Indemnitee may otherwise be entitled or hereafter 
acquire under any law, statute, rule, regulation, charter document, by-law, contract or agreement. 
12.2.6.2 
Priority of ndemnity Obligations. 
If an Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification in respect of the same claim, demand, controversy, dispute, 
cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability from the Partnership 
pursuant to this Article 12 and from one or more Third-Party Indemnifiers (or their insurance providers, 
as applicable), then the Partnership shall make indemnification payments to such Indemnitee under this 
12.2 with respect to such claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including 
attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability only to the extent that (i) the amount of indemnification 
payments that the Partnership would otherwise be required to make under this 12.2 in the absence of such 
right to indemnification from such Third-Party Indemnifiers exceeds (ii) the aggregate amount of 
indemnification payments actually received by such Indemnitee with respect to such claim, demand, 
controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability 
from such Third-Party Indemnifiers. Solely for purposes of clarification, and without expanding the 
scope of indemnification pursuant to this 12.2, the Partners hereby expressly intend that the provisions of 
this 12.2.6.2 shall be interpreted to reflect an ordering of liability for potentially overlapping or 
duplicative indemnification payments to an Indemnitee, with any applicable Third-Parry• Indemnifiers 
having primary liability, the Partnership having only secondary liability, and the General Partner having 
only tertiary liability. In the event the Partnership makes any indemnification payments to an Indemnitee 
with respect to a claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' 
fees), judgment and/or liability, the Partnership shall be, automatically and without the need for any 
further action on the part of any Person, subrogated to the Indemnitee's rights to pursue a claim for 
indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such claim, demand, controversy, dispute, 
Otendovmr Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038726 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84910 
EFTA01354132

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354133.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354133.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorney's' fees), judgment and/or liability. To the extent that the 
Partnership is required to provide indemnification payments to an Indemnitee pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement, it hereby waives and releases the General Partner and their respective Affiliates (other than 
the Partnership) from any claims for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in 
respect of such indemnification payments from the Partnership. 
12.2.7 Discretionary Limitation by General Partner. 
Notwithstanding 12.2.1 and 12.2.3, the General Partner in its sole discretion may limit or eliminate 
indemnification payments that otherwise would be made by the Partnership to any Indemnitee. 
12.3 
LIMITATION BY LAW. 
If any Covered Person or Indemnitee or the Partnership itself is subject to any law, rule or regulation 
which restricts the extent to which any Person may be exculpated or indemnified by the Partnership, the 
exculpation provisions set forth in 12.1 and the indemnification provisions set forth in 12.2, as applied to 
such Covered Person or Indemnitee or the Partnership, shall be deemed to be amended, automatically and 
without further action by thc Partners. to thc minimum extent necessary to conform to such restrictions. 
12.4 
RETURN OF CERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Partnership incurs a liability or 
obligation under this Article 12 or otherwise (including, but not limited to, the obligation to return, 
recontribute or reinvest a distribution received from the Underlying Fund pursuant to and in accordance 
with the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund), then the General Partner may require that 
each Partner return to the Partnership distributions received from the Partnership pursuant to Articles 7 
and 10, upon not less than seven (7) days' prior written notice from the General Partner, equal to its pro 
rata share, based on the relative Subscriptions of the Partners of the amount necessary to satisfy such 
liability or obligation; provided that such amounts shall not exceed 25% of all distributions received by 
such Partner from the Partnership, unless the Partnership is othenvise required to return distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund (in which case 
such Partner would be required to bear its proportionate share of any such return obligation),. In addition, 
no Partner shall be required to return distributions to the Partnership after the 18-month anniversary of the 
last day of the term of the Partnership as set forth in 9.1, provided that if at the end of such period there 
are any proceedings or claims outstanding (including any proceedings or claims relating to the Underlying 
Fund), the General Partner shall notify the Partners and the obligation to indemnify shall be extended 
until the date such proceedings or claims arc ultimately resolved and distributions arc returned to the 
Partners in respect thereof. A Partner's obligation to return distributions to the Partnership under this 12.4 
shall survive the liquidation of the Partnership and the withdrawal of a Partner from the Partnership, and 
the Partnership may pursue and enforce all rights and remedies it may have against each Partner under 
this 12.4, including treating such Partner as a Defaulting Partner with all the rights and remedies of the 
Partnership set forth in 6.3. The provisions of this 12.4 shall not be construed or interpreted as inuring to 
the benefit of any creditor of any of the Partnership, a Limited Partner, the General Partner or any 
Indemnitee. 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038727 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184911 
EFTA01354133

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354134.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354134.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
ARTICLE 13 - AMENDMENTS, VOTING AND CONSENTS 
13.1 
AMENDMENTS. 
13.1.1 Consent of Partners. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Agreement may be 
waived on behalf of all Partners, modified, terminated or amended, during or after the term of the 
Partnership. with the prior written consent of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited 
Partners: provided, however, that any provision of this Agreement requiring the written vote or consent of 
a greater percentage in interest of the Partners may be waived on behalf of all Partners, modified. 
terminated or amended only with the vote or written consent of the General Partner and such greater 
percentage in interest of the Partners as is required by such provision. Notwithstanding the other 
provisions of this Article 13, the General Partner, without the consent of any other Partner, may amend 
any provision of this Agreement (a) to the extent such amendment does not subject any Limited Partner to 
any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or waive in any material respect the duties and 
obligations of the General Partner to the Partnership or the Limited Partners, (b) to cure any ambiguity or 
correct or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent with any other provision herein or 
to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that this Agreement shall accurately reflect the 
agreement among the Partners, (c) is necessary in order to comply with any fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (d) to address changes in financial, regulatory or 
tax legislation, which amendment may include reorganizing or reconstituting the Partnership, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the economic returns of the Limited 
Partners. 
13.1.2 Amendments Affecting Partners' Economic Rights. 
No amendment shall increase the Subscription of any Limited Partner or dilute the interest of any Limited 
Partner relative to the interests of the other Limited Partners in the profits or capital of the Partnership or 
in allocations or distributions attributable to the ownership of such interest without the prior written 
consent of such Limited Partner, except such dilution as may result from additional Subscriptions from 
the Partners or the admission of Additional Limited Partners pursuant to this Agreement, and pursuant to 
an exercise of remedies by the Partnership under 3.3.3 and 6.3. 
13.1.3 Consent to Amend ERISA Provisions. 
Without the prior written consent of a majority-in-interest of all ERISA Partners, the text of 4.2, 1 1 .1.6(a) 
and this 13.1.3 shall not be amended. 
13.1.4 Notice of Amendments. 
The General Partner shall famish copies of any amendments to this Agreement to all Partners, other than 
changes in the List of Partners to reflect the admission, withdrawal or substitution of Partners, changes in 
the addresses of Partners or otherwise in accordance with 3.1, and changes in the Subscriptions of 
Partners (in each case occurring pursuant to this Agreement), which shall not require the consent of or 
notice to any Limited Partner. 
13.1.5 Negative Consent. 
Any consent or approval required pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (including, without limitation, 
(i) any required consent to a transaction that would result in an "assignment" (within the meaning of the 
Otendovmr Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038728 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184912 
EFTA01354134

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354135.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354135.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Advisers Act) of any management agreement or other similar agreement, or (ii) any approvals required 
under the Advisers Act, including approvals required under Section 206(3) thereof) may be obtained by 
the General Partner sending notice to the Limited Partners of the requested consent or approval and 
instructing the Limited Partners who object to such consent or approval to notify the General Partner of 
their objection in writing within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request. In such case, 
Limited Partners who have not so objected to a proposed consent or approval request 
be deemed to 
have consented to or approved any such request. 
13.2 
VOTING AND CONSENTS. 
Whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a specified percentage in interest of the 
Limited Partners, such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon the written vote or written consent 
of those Limited Partners whose Contributions represent the specified percentage of the aggregate 
Contributions of all Limited Partners at the time (including any negative consents pursuant to 13.1.5). 
Similarly, whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a specified percentage in interest 
of a specified class or group of Limited Partners such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon the 
written vote or written consent of those Limited Partners of such class or group whose Contributions 
represent the specified percentage of the aggregate Contributions of all Limited Partners of such class or 
group at the time (including any negative consents pursuant to 13.1.5). For these purposes, a 
majority-in-interest shall mean a percentage in interest in excess of 50%, and Non-Voting Interests, if 
any, shall not be taken into account. Any limited partner interest held by the General Partner or any 
Defaulting Partner shall be deemed a Non-Voting Interest. For the avoidance of doubt, the General 
Partner intends to cause the Partnership to vote its interest in the Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
ARTICLE 14 - ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
14.1 
KEEPING OF ACCOUNTS AND RECORDS; CERTIFICATE OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. 
14.1.1 Accounts and Records. 
(a) 
At all times the General Partner shall cause to be kept proper and complete books of 
account, in which shall be entered fully and accurately the transactions of the Partnership. 
Such books of account shall be kept on the accrual method of accounting. The General 
Partner shall also maintain: (I) an executed copy of this Agreement (and any 
amendments hereto) as may be in effect from time to time; (2) the Certificate of Limited 
Partnership of the Partnership (and any amendments thereto) as may be in effect from 
time to time; (3) executed copies of any powers of attorney pursuant to which any 
document described in clause (I) or (2) has been executed by the Partnership; (4) the List 
of Partners; (5) copies of all tax returns filed by the Partnership for each of the prior three 
years; and (6) all financial statements of the Partnership for each of the prior three years. 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner shall be entitled to receive a copy of the signature page to this 
Agreement signed by such Limited Partner, and relevant information regarding. such 
Limited Partner, but, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall not otherwise be entitled 
to receive or have access to the signature pages to this Agreement. In addition, the 
General Partner shall have the right in its discretion to keep confidential from the Limited 
Partners, for such period of time as the General Partner deems appropriate, any 
information which the General Partner reasonably believes to be in the nature of trade 
secrets or other information the disclosure of which the General Partner in good faith 
believes is not in the best interest of the Partnership or its business or any Limited 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038729 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184913 
EFTA01354135

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354136.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354136.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partner, or that the Partnership is required by law or agreement with a third party to keep 
confidential. 
14.1.2 Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
The General Partner shall file for record with the appropriate public authorities and, if required, publish 
the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership and any amendments thereto. 
14.2 
FINANCIAL REPORTS. 
14.2.1 Annual Financial Statements. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to transmit to each Partner, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the close of each fiscal year (subject to the time the Partnership receives the 
relevant information from the Underlying Fund), the audited financial statements of the Partnership for 
such fiscal year. Commencing with the fiscal year in which the Initial Drawdown Date occurs and for 
each fiscal year thereafter, such financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles in the United States or another comprehensive basis of accounting, in each 
cast consistently applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement except that Partnership assets 
shall be valued in accordance with 14.3. 
14.2.2 Annual Tax Information. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to transmit to each Partner, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the close of each Partnership fiscal year (subject to the time the Partnership 
receives the relevant information from the Underlying Fund), such Partner's Schedule K-1 (Internal 
Revenue Service Form 1065) or an equivalent report indicating such Partner's sham of all items of 
income or gain, expense, loss or other deduction and tax credit of the Partnership for such year, as well as 
the status of such Partner's Capital Account as of the end of such year, and such additional information as 
such Partner reasonably may request to enable it to complete its tax returns or to fulfill any other reporting 
requirements, provided that the General Partner can obtain such additional information without 
unreasonable effort or expense: provided that it is understood that the Partnership does not expect to be 
able to deliver Schedules K-I to the Partners prior to April 15 of each year, and accordingly, the Partners 
will be required to obtain extensions for filing their federal, state and local income tax returns. 
14.2.3 Quarterly Reports. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to furnish to each Limited Partner, as soon 
as reasonably practicable following the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of 
the Partnership (subject to the time the Partnership receives the relevant information from the Underlying 
Fund), quarterly reports of the Partnership for the quarter then ended; provided, however, that this 14.2.3 
shall not apply to any fiscal quarter prior to the fiscal quarter in which the Partnership invests in the 
Underlying Fund. 
14.2.4 Information Rights. 
Limited Partners will not receive all of the information or reports that are provided to direct limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, even though the General Partner may have access to such information. 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038730 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184914 
EFTA01354136

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354137.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354137.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.3 
VALUATION. 
14.3.1 Valuation by General Partner. 
Whenever valuation of Partnership assets or net assets is required by this Agreement, the General Partner 
shall determine the fair market value thereof in good faith in accordance with this 14.3. 
14.3.2 Freely Tradable Securities. 
The fair market value of any security owned by the Partnership that is a Freely Tradable Security and 
which is distributed by the Partnership shall be determined as of the close of trading on the date 
immediately prior to the date as of which the value is being determined and shall be equal to the last 
reported trade price of such security on such prior date on the exchange where it is primarily traded or, if 
such security is not traded on an exchange, such security shall be valued at the last reported sale price on 
an established quotation service for over-the-counter securities. For purposes of the preceding sentence, 
the "last reported" trade price or sale price or "closing" bid price of a security on any trading day shall be 
deemed to be: (a) with respect to securities traded primarily on the New York Stock Exchange or the 
American Stock Exchange, the last reported trade price or sale price, as the case may be, as of 4:00 p.m., 
New York time, on that day, and (b) for securities listed, traded or quoted on any other exchange, market, 
system or service, the market price as of the end of the "regular hours" trading period that is generally 
accepted as such by such exchange, market, system or service. 
14.3.3 Other Assets. 
The General Partner will value other assets of the Partnership in good faith and generally based on the 
valuation of such assets received from the Underlying Fund. The General Partner may also consider other 
relevant factors, which may include, without limitation: quarterly and annual reports received from the 
Underlying Fund; the current financial position and current and historical operating results of the issuer. 
sales prices of recent public or private transactions in the same or similar securities, including transactions 
on any securities exchange on which such securities are listed or in the over-the-counter market; general 
level of interest rates; recent trading volume of the security: restrictions on transfer; significant recent 
events affecting the Underlying Fund; the price paid by the Partnership to acquire the asset; and the 
percentage of the issuer's outstanding securities that is owned by the Partnership. 
14.3.4 Goodwill and Intangible Assets. 
In determining the fair market value of the assets of the Partnership, no allowance of any kind shall be 
made for goodwill or the name of the Partnership or of the General Partner, the Partnership's office 
records, files and statistical data or any intangible assets of the Partnership in the nature of or similar to 
goodwill. The Partnership's goodwill shall, as among the Partners, be deemed to have no value, and no 
Partner shall have any right or claim individually to the use of the Partnership's name or the goodwill 
thereof. 
14.4 
NOTICES. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement. all notices, requests, consents, approvals and 
statements shall be in writing and, if properly addressed to the recipient, shall be deemed given if 
(a) delivered personally to the recipient; (b) mailed by first class mail (or if sent to or from outside the 
United States, by airmail), postage prepaid; (c) sent by electronic mail or electronic facsimile 
transmission; or (d) delivered by a reputable overnight courier service. Notices shall be deemed to be 
properly addressed, if to the Partnership, at its principal office, and if to any Partner, if addressed to its 
Otendovmr Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rataled Limited Partnership Agri:anent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038731 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184915 
EFTA01354137

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354138.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354138.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
address, facsimile number or electronic mail address, as applicable, as set forth in the List of Partners, or 
to such other address or facsimile number as the addressee previously may have specified by written 
notice given in the manner specified in this 14.4 to the Partnership, in the case of the Limited Partners, or 
to the Limited Partners, in the case of the Partnership or the General Partner. Notices shall be deemed 
received one Business Day after they are given, sent or delivered, except that notices sent by first class 
mail shall be deemed received three Business Days after they arc mailed. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this 14.4, the General Partner, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be deemed to 
have satisfied its obligations to transmit notices, financial statements and reports pursuant to this 14.4 
(other than United States Federal tax statements, schedules and forms if and to the extent not permitted by 
law to be made available in a manner described in this sentence) and amendments to this Agreement 
pursuant to 13.1.4 if the General Partner posts such financial statements, reports and/or amendments on a 
web site and gives notice to the Limited Partners pursuant to the preceding sentences in this 14.4, of the 
availability of such financial statements, reports and/or amendments, the URL address of the web site and 
a password for access to such web site, if necessary. 
14.5 
ACCOUNTING PROVISIONS. 
14.5.1 Fiscal Year. 
The fiscal year of the Partnership shall be the calendar year or, if the Partnership is required to use a 
different year as its taxable year for federal income tax purposes, such other year. 
14.5.2 Independent Accountants. 
The Partnership's independent public accountants shall at all times be a nationally or regionally 
recognized independent public accounting firm selected by the General Partner. The General Partner may 
change the Partnership's accountants from time to time. 
14.6 
TAX PROVISIONS. 
14.6.1 Classification as Partnership. 
The General Partner (a) will not cause or permit the Partnership to elect ( I) to be excluded from the 
provisions of Subchapter K of Chapter 1 of the Code or (2) to be treated as a corporation for federal 
income tax purposes or (3) to be treated as an "electing large partnership" as defined in Section 775 of the 
Code; (b) will cause the Partnership to make any election reasonably determined to be necessary or 
appropriate in order to ensure the treatment of the Partnership as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. (c) will cause the Partnership to file any required tax returns in a manner consistent with its 
treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and (d) shall not take any action that 
would be inconsistent with the treatment of the Partnership as a partnership for such purposes. 
14.6.2 Tax Matters Partner; Partner Tax Information; FATCA. 
(a) 
For fiscal years of the Partnership ending prior to January I, 2018 (or if the effective date 
of Section 1101 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (the "BBA') is extended, such later 
extended date), the "tax matters partner," as defined in Section 6231 of the Code, of the 
Partnership (the "Tax Matters Partner") shall be the General Partner. All expenses 
incurred by the Tax Matters Partner, or the Partnership Representative, in its capacity as 
such (including professional fees for such accountants, attorneys and agents as the Tax 
Matters Partner, or the Partnership Representative, in its sole discretion determines are 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038732 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184916 
EFTA01354138

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354139.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354139.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
necessary• to or useful in the performance of its duties in that capacity) shall be borne by 
the Partnership. 
(b) 
For fiscal years of the Partnership beginning after December 31, 2017 (or if the effective 
date of Section 1101 of the BBA is extended, such later extended date): (i) the General 
Partner shall be designated the `partnership representative" within the meaning of 
Section 6223(a) of the Code (the "Partnership Representative") and the General Partner 
shall be authorized to take any actions necessary• under Treasury• Regulations or other 
guidance to cause the General Partner to be designated as such; (ii) the Partnership and 
each Partner agree that they shall be bound by the actions taken by the Partnership 
Representative, as described in Section 6223(b) of the Code; (iii) the Partners consent to 
the election set forth in Section 6226(a) of the Code and agree to take any action, and 
furnish the General Partner with any information necessary, to give effect to such election 
if the General Partner decides to make such election; and (iv) any imputed underpayment 
imposed on the Partnership pursuant to Code Section 6232 of the Code (and any related 
interest, penalties or other additions to tax) that the General Partner reasonably 
determines is attributable to one or more Partners shall be promptly paid by such Partners 
to the Partnership (pro rata in proportion to their respective shares of such 
underpayment) within 15 days following the General Partner's request for payment (and 
any failure to pay such amount shall result in a subsequent reduction in distributions 
otherwise payable to such Partner plus interest on such amount calculated at the Prime 
Rate plus 2%). Any references to Code Sections set forth in this 14.6.2(b) refer to those 
Sections as in effect for fiscal years of the Partnership beginning after December 31, 
2017 (or if the effective date of Section 1101 of the BBA is extended, such later extended 
date). For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the costs of any action taken by or on behalf of the 
General Partner, the Partnership or their respective Affiliates pursuant to this 14.6.2(b) 
shall be borne by the Limited Partner benefitting from such action (together with the 
other Limited Partners similarly benefitting from such actions, in proportion to their 
respective Percentage Interests), (ii) the General Partner will be entitled to rely 
conclusively on the advice of the Partnership's independent accountant or other tax 
advisor in making any determination in respect of the partnership tax audit rules 
prescribed by the BBA, and (iii) the General Partner shall not be required to indemnify 
any Limited Partner or the Partnership with respect to any taxes incurred under such 
partnership tax audit rules. 
(c) 
Each Partner shall provide to the Partnership upon request such information, forms or 
representations which the General Partner may reasonably request with respect to the 
Partnership's compliance with applicable tax laws, including, any information, forms or 
representations requested by the General Partner to assist in obtaining any exemption, 
reduction or refund of any withholding or other taxes imposed by any taxing authority or 
other governmental agency upon the Partnership or amounts paid to the Partnership. 
Each Partner agrees to promptly provide the General Partner such information regarding 
the Partner and its beneficial owners and forms as the General Partner requests so that the 
Partnership may avoid any adverse consequences under FATCA. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this Agreement or the Partner's subscription agreement, if 
any, the Partner hereby waives the application of any non-U.S. law, to the extent such 
law would prevent the Partnership or the General Partner from reporting to the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service and/or the U.S. Treasury or any other governmental authority 
any information required to be reported with respect to such Partner, its beneficial owners 
or the Partnership. 
Otendoner Accent Secondary Opportunidim IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rmtaled Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038733 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184017 
EFTA01354139

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354140.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each Limited Partner 
agrees to provide any information or certifications (including without limitation 
information about such Limited Partner's direct and indirect owners) that may reasonably 
be requested by the Partnership to allow the Partnership, the Underlying Fund or any 
member of any --expanded affiliated group" (as defined in Section 147I(e)(2) of the 
Code) to which the Partnership or the Underlying Fund belongs to (I) enter into, maintain 
or otherwise comply with the agreement contemplated by Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
under any applicable intergovernmental agreement entered into between the United States 
and another country (or under any applicable local country legislation enacted pursuant to 
such intergovernmental agreement) to which the Partnership or the Underlying Fund may 
be subject; (2) satisfy any information reporting requirements imposed by FATCA; and 
(3) satisfy, any requirements necessary to avoid withholding taxes under FATCA with 
respect to any payments to be received or made by the Partnership or the Underlying 
Fund. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each Limited Partner 
further agrees that, if such Limited Partner fails to comply with any of the requirements 
of this 14.6.2 in a timely manner or if the General Partner determines that such Limited 
Partner's participation in the Partnership would otherwise have a material adverse effect 
on the Partnership or the Partners as a result of FATCA, then (1) the General Partner, in 
its sole discretion, may (A) cause such Limited Partner to transfer its interest in the 
Partnership to a third party (including, without limitation, an existing Partner) or 
otherwise withdraw from the Partnership in exchange for consideration which the 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, after taking into account all relevant facts and 
circumstances surrounding such transfer or withdrawal (including, without limitation, the 
desire to effect such transfer or withdrawal as expeditiously as possible in order to 
minimize any adverse effect on the Partnership and the other Partners as a result of 
FATCA), deems to be appropriate or (B) take any other action the General Partner deems 
in good faith to be reasonable to minimize any adverse effect on the Partnership and the 
other Partners as a result of FATCA: and (2) unless otherwise agreed by the General 
Partner in writing, the Limited Partner shall, to the maximum extent permitted by 
applicable law. indemnify the Partnership for all loss, cost, expenses, damage, claims and 
demands (including, but not limited to, any withholding tax, penalties or interest suffered 
by the Partnership) arising as a result of such Limited Partner's failure to comply with the 
above requirements in a timely manner. 
(0 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the provisions of 7.4 
and this 14.6.2 will survive the liquidation or dissolution of the Partnership and each 
Partner agrees to continue to be bound to the terms of 7.4 and this 14.6.2 following such 
Partner's termination of its interest in the Partnership. 
14.6.3 Section 1045 Rollovers. 
Each Limited Partner agrees that (a) with respect to its limited partnership interest, it will not require the 
Partnership to elect, and the Partnership shall not be required to elect, the application of Section 1045 of 
the Code (dealing with rollovers of gains realized on the disposition of "qualified small business stock" as 
defined in Section 1202 of the Code) or any similar provisions of any state income tax law; (b) without 
the prior written consent of the General Partner, such Partner will not make any election referred to in the 
preceding clause (a) if such election would impose on the Partnership or the General Partner any 
obligation (including, but not limited to, any obligation to furnish information, maintain records or file 
returns or other documents); and (c) the Partnership shall not be required to comply with any tax reporting 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities R• (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038734 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184918 
EFTA01354140

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354141.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
or accounting requirements (including, but not limited to, those relating to the adjustment of the tax basis 
of any asset of the Partnership or the interest in the Partnership of any Partner) that may be imposed under 
Section 1045 of the Code, and shall not be required to provide any information necessary to enable such 
Partner to comply with or elect the application of Section 1045 of the Code, in each case with respect to 
rollovers of qualified small business stock by the Partnership or by or on behalf of any Partner. 
14.6.4 Electing Investment Partnership. 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees and covenants that it shall not make an election under Section 732(d) 
of the Code without the prior written consent of the General Partner. The General Partner may, but shall 
not be obligated to, cause the Partnership to make an election under Section 754 of the Code or an 
election to be treated as an "electing investment partnership" within the meaning of Section 743(e) of the 
Code. If the Partnership elects to be treated as an electing investment partnership, each Limited Partner 
shall (i) cooperate with the Partnership to maintain such status. (ii) not take any action that would be 
inconsistent with such election, (iii) provide the General Partner with any information necessary to allow 
the Partnership to comply with its tax reporting and other obligations as an electing investment 
partnership, and (iv) provide the General Partner and such Limited Partner's transferee, promptly 
following the transfer of such Limited Partner's interest, with the information required under the Code, 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2005-32 (or any successor guidance) or otherwise to be furnished to the 
Partnership or such transferee, including such information as is necessary to enable the Partnership and 
such transferee to compute the amount of losses disallowed under Section 743(e) of the Code. Whether 
or not the Partnership makes an election to be treated as an electing investment partnership, each Limited 
Partner or former Limited Partner shall, promptly upon request, provide the General Partner with any 
information related to such Partner necessary to allow the Partnership to comply with (a) its obligations to 
make tax basis adjustments under Sections 734 or 743 of the Code and (b) any other tax reporting 
obligations of the Partnership. In addition, to the extent that the transfer to a Limited Partner (or the 
transfer of interests in a Limited Partner) results in the Partnership adjusting the basis of Partnership 
property, each Limited Partner that receives an interest in the Partnership by reason of such transfer (or, in 
the case of the transfer of interests in a Limited Partner, such Limited Partner) hereby agrees to reimburse 
the Partnership and/or the General Partner within 10 business days for any expenses (including, without 
limitation, accounting fees) reasonably incurred by the Partnership and/or the General Partner (and their 
respective affiliates) from time to time in connection with effecting such adjustments to the basis of 
Partnership property and any corresponding adjustments to the calculation of Partnership gains and losses 
as it relates to such transfer. 
14.6.5 Tax Reporting Consistency. 
For United States federal, state and local income tax purposes, each Limited Partner shall report the tax 
items attributable to its participation in the Partnership on its income tax returns in a manner consistent 
with the tax treatment of such items as (or to be) reported to it by the Partnership on Internal Revenue 
Service Form 1065 Schedule K-1 (or any such successor form or schedule). 
14.7 
GENERAL PRovisioNs. 
14.7.1 Power of Attorney. 
Each of the undersigned by execution of this Agreement (including by execution of a counterpart 
signature page hereto directly or by power of attorney) constitutes and appoints the General Partner as its 
true and lawful representative and attorney-in-fact, in its name, place and stead, to make, execute, sign. 
acknowledge and deliver or file (a) the Certificate of Limited Partnership and any other instruments, 
documents and certificates which may from time to time be required by any law to effectuate, implement 
Glendower ACCCA Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038735 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184919 
EFTA01354141

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354142.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
and continue the valid and subsisting existence of the Partnership or any Alternative Investment Vehicles, 
Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund (b) all instruments, documents and certificates that may be required 
to effectuate the dissolution and termination of the Partnership or any Alternative Investment Vehicle, 
Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Delaware Act (and, 
in the case of an Alternative Investment Vehicle, in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which 
any such Alternative Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund was formed), (c) all other 
amendments of this Agreement or the Certificate of Limited Partnership contemplated by this Agreement 
including, without limitation, amendments reflecting the addition or substitution of any Partner, or any 
action of the Partners duly taken pursuant to this Agreement whether or not such Partner voted in favor of 
or otherwise approved such action, (d) any other instrument, certificate or document required from time to 
time to admit a Partner, to effect its substitution as a Partner, to effect the substitution of the Partner's 
assignee as a Partner. or to reflect any action of the Partners provided for in this Agreement (including, 
without limitation, the admission of any Partner to an Alternative Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access 
Fund or Feeder Fund), (e) any other instrument, certificate or document required from time to time to 
effect the Transfer of a Defaulting Partner's interest, and (f) any agreement or instrument necessary• or 
advisable to consummate any investment pursuant to 3.5, including the execution of the organizational 
documents with respect to an Alternative Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund (and 
any amendments thereto consistent with 3.5 and 3.6); provided. however, that no actions shall be taken by 
the General Partner under the power of attorney granted pursuant to this 14.7.1 that would have any 
adverse effect on the limited liability of any Limited Partner. The foregoing grant of authority (1) is a 
special power of attorney coupled with an interest in favor of the General Partner and as such shall be 
irrevocable and shall survive the death or disability of a Partner that is a natural person or the merger. 
dissolution or other termination of the existence of a Partner that is a corporation, association, partnership, 
limited liability company or trust, and (2) shall survive the assignment by the Partner of the whole or any 
portion of its interest, except that where the assignee of the whole thereof has appointed the General 
Partner as its true and lawful attorney in fact on the terms hereof, this power of attorney shall survive such 
assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the General Partner to execute, acknowledge and file any 
instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the assignee for the assignor as a Partner and 
shall thereafter terminate. This power of attorney may be exercised by such attorney in fact and agent for 
each of the Limited Partners (or any of them) by a single signature of the General Partner acting as 
attorney in fact with or without listing all of the Limited Partners executing an instrument. 
14.7.2 Execution of Additional Documents. 
Each Partner hereby agrees to execute all certificates, counterparts, amendments, instruments or 
documents that may be required by laws of the various jurisdictions in which the Partnership conducts its 
activities, to conform with the laws of such jurisdictions governing limited partnerships, or to comply 
with the terms of the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund. 
14.73 Limited Partner Information. 
Each Limited Partner further agrees that, upon request by the General Partner, such Limited Partner shall 
provide all information and documentation in its possession or that can reasonably be obtained by it 
necessary or desirable for, or reasonably requested by, the General Partner, as applicable, for the purpose 
of complying with the disclosure obligations to the Underlying Fund, or to respond to any inquires or 
requests regarding such Limited Partner made by (A) any potential limited partners or limited partners of 
the Underlying Fund or any parallel investment vehicles thereto, including, without limitation, state and 
municipal pension plans, (B) any governmental or quasi-governmental agency, (C) any regulatory' or self-
regulatory body and (D) any bank or other financial institution as reasonably required to obtain credit 
facilities or borrowings as described in 4.2 of this Agreement, or in each case above to update such 
information. Each Limited Partner understands and agrees that any such information and/or 
Glendovmr Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038736 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184920 
EFTA01354142

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354143.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
documentation may be provided, without the consent of such Limited Partner, to the requesting potential 
limited partner or limited partner of the Underlying Fund or any parallel investment vehicles thereto, 
governmental or quasigovemmental agency, regulatory or self-regulatory body or bank or other financial 
institution. 
14.7.4 Binding on Successors. 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the respective heirs, successors. 
permitted assigns and legal representatives of the parties hereto. 
14.7.5 Governing Law and Remedies for Breach. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of 
Delaware. In determining what action, if any, shall be taken against a Limited Partner in connection with 
such Limited Partner's breach of this Agreement, the General Partner shall seek to obtain the best result 
(as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion) for the Partnership and the other Partners. 
Each Limited Partner hereby specifically agrees that, in the event such Limited Partner violates the terms 
of this Agreement, such Limited Partner shall not be entitled to claim that the Partnership or any of the 
other Partners are precluded, on the basis of any fiduciary or other duty arising in respect of such Limited 
Partner's status as such, from seeking any of the penalties or other remedies permitted under this 
Agreement or applicable law. 
14.7.6 Waiver of Partition. 
Each Partner hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights that it may have to maintain an action for 
partition of any of the Partnership's property. 
14.7.7 Securities Law Matters. 
Each Partner understands that in addition to the restrictions on transfer contained in this Agreement, it 
must bear the economic risks of its investment for an indefinite period because the Partnership interests 
have not been registered under the Securities Act or under any applicable securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction and, therefore, may not be sold or otherwise transferred unless they are registered under 
the Securities Act and any such other applicable securities laws or an exemption from such registration is 
available. 
14.7.8 Confidentiality. 
(a) 
A Limited Partner's rights to arenx or receive any information about the Partnership or 
its business including, without limitation, (i) information to which a Limited Partner is 
provided access pursuant to 14.2, (ii) financial statements, reports and other information 
provided pursuant to 14.3, (iii) the offering documents for the Partnership, this 
Agreement, any subscription agreement and any other related agreements, (iv) any 
documents or information provided to the Partnership by the Underlying Fund or any of 
its Affiliates, and (v) any information provided to any Limited Partner pursuant to a Side 
Letter or otherwise provided to a Limited Partner by the General Partner or its Affiliates, 
(the information in (i) through (v). the -Partnership Information"), arc conditioned on 
such Limited Partner's agreement, willingness and ability to assure that the Partnership 
Information will be used solely by such Limited Partner for purposes reasonably related 
to such Limited Partner's interest as a Limited Partner, and that such Partnership 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038737 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184921 
EFTA01354143

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354144.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Information will not become publicly available as a result of such Limited Partner's 
rights to access or receive such Partnership Information. 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner acknowledges and agrees that the Partnership Information 
constitutes a valuable trade secret of the Partnership (or of the Underlying Fund to the 
extent such Partnership Information relates to the Underlying Fund) and agrees to 
maintain any Partnership Information provided to it in the strictest confidence and not to 
disclose the Partnership Information to any person other than to its officers, fiduciaries, 
employees, agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors, who 
have a business need to know such Partnership Information, who have been informed of 
the confidential nature of such Partnership Information, and who are, either by the nature 
of their positions or duties or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially 
equivalent restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the Partnership 
Information as are set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each 
Limited Partner and cach Limited Partner's employees, representatives and other agents, 
may disclose to their professional advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys 
and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. taxing authority, 
without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax 
treatment and U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax structure of the transactions 
contemplated hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that are provided to such Limited Partner relating to such tax treatment or tax 
structure insofar as such treatment and/or structure relates to a U.S. federal or state 
income or franchise tax strategy provided to such Limited Partner, provided, however, 
that no Limited Partner (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall 
disclose any other information that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or 
tax structure of such transaction (including the identity of the party and any information 
that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or any other information to 
the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in violation of any U.S. federal or 
state securities law. With respect to any Limited Partner, the obligation to maintain the 
Partnership Information in confidence shall not apply to any Partnership Information 
(i) that becomes publicly available (other than by reason of a disclosure by a Limited 
Partner), (ii) the disclosure of which has been consented to by the General Partner in 
writing or (iii) the disclosure of which is required by a court of competent jurisdiction or 
other governmental authority or otherwise as required by law. Before any Limited 
Partner discloses Partnership Information pursuant to clause (iii), such Limited Partner 
shall promptly, and in any event prior to making any such disclosure, notify the General 
Partner of the court order, subpoena, interrogatories, government order or other reason 
that requires disclosure of the Partnership Information so that the General Partner may 
seek a protective order or other remedy to protect the confidentiality of the Partnership 
Information or waive compliance with this Agreement. Such Limited Partner shall also 
consult with the General Partner on the advisability of taking steps to eliminate or narrow 
the requirement to disclose the Partnership Information and shall otherwise cooperate 
with the efforts of the General Partner to obtain a protective order or other remedy to 
protect the Partnership Information. If a protective order or other remedy cannot be 
obtained, such Limited Partner shall disclose only that Partnership Information that its 
counsel advises in writing (which writing shall also be addressed and delivered to the 
Partnership) that it is legally required to disclose. 
(c) 
Each Limited Partner shall promptly notify the General Partner if it becomes aware of 
any reason, whether under law, regulation, policy or otherwise, that it will. or might 
become compelled to. use the Partnership Information other than as contemplated by 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038738 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184922 
EFTA01354144

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354145.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.7.8(a) or disclose Partnership Information in violation of the confidentiality 
restrictions in 14.7.8(6). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, with the exception of the 
Schedule K-I or equivalent report to be provided to each Partner pursuant to 14.2.2, the 
General Partner shall have the right not to provide any Limited Partner, for such period of 
time as the General Partner in good faith determines to be advisable, with any Partnership 
Information that such Limited Partner would otherwise be entitled to receive or to have 
access to pursuant to this Agreement (including without limitation pursuant to 14.2) or 
the Delaware Act if: (i) the Partnership or the General Partner is required by law or by 
agreement with a third party to keep such Partnership Information confidential; (ii) the 
General Partner in good faith believes that the disclosure of such Partnership Information 
to such Limited Partner is not in the best interest of the Partnership or could damage the 
Partnership or its business (which may include a determination by the General Partner 
that such Limited Partner or one or more of its equity holders is disclosing or may 
disclose such Partnership Information and that the potential of such disclosure by such 
Person is not in the best interest of the Partnership or could damage the Partnership or its 
business) or (iii) such Limited Partner has notified the General Partner of its election not 
to have access to, or to receive such Partnership Information. 
(e) 
The Limited Partners acknowledge and agree that: (i) the Partnership or the General 
Partner and its partners may acquire confidential information related to third parties that 
pursuant to fiduciary, contractual, legal or similar obligations cannot be disclosed to the 
Limited Partners; and (ii) neither the Partnership nor the General Partner and its equity 
holders shall be in breach of any duty under this Agreement or the Delaware Act in 
consequence of acquiring. holding or failing to disclose such information to the Limited 
Partners so long as such obligations were undertaken in good faith. 
(f) 
In addition to any other remedies available at law, the Partners agree that the Partnership 
shall be entitled to equitable relief, including, without limitation, the right to an injunction 
or restraining order, as a remedy for any failure by a Limited Partner to comply with its 
obligations with respect to the use and disclosure of Partnership Information, as set forth 
in I4.7.8(a) and 14.7.8(b). 
(8) 
To the maximum extent permitted by law and for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions 
of this 14.7.8 shall survive the withdrawal of any Partner from the Partnership and shall 
be enforceable against such Partner after such withdrawal. 
14.7.9 Contract Construction; Headings; Counterparts. 
Whenever the context of this Agreement permits. the masculine gender shall include the feminine and 
neuter genders, and reference to singular or plural shall be interchangeable with the other. The invalidity 
or unenforceability of any one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions, 
and this Agreement shall be construed and reformed in all respects as if any such invalid or unenforceable 
provision(s) were omitted or, at the direction of a court, modified in order to give effect to the intent and 
purposes of this Agreement. References in this Agreement to particular Sections of the Code or the 
Delaware Act or any other statute shall be deemed to refer to such Sections or provisions as they may be 
amended after the date of this Agreement. Captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and do 
not define or limit any term of this Agreement. It is the intention of the parties that c% cry covenant, term, 
and provision of this Agreement shall be construed simply according to its fair meaning and not strictly 
for or against any party (notwithstanding any rule of law requiring an Agreement to be strictly construed 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rataled Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038739 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184923 
EFTA01354145

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354146.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354146.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
against the drafting party), it being understood that the parties to this Agreement are sophisticated and 
have had adequate opportunity and means to retain counsel to represent their interests and to otherwise 
negotiate the provisions of this Agreement. For purposes of the Delaware Act, the Limited Partners shall 
constitute a single class or group of limited partners. This Agreement or any amendment hereto may be 
signed in any number of counterparts, each of which when signed by the General Partner shall be an 
original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement or amendment, as the case may be. 
14.7.10 Arbitration. 
Except as otherwise agreed to by the General Partner and a Limited Partner with respect to any particular 
controversy or claim, any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be settled 
through binding arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association, and 
judgment upon an award arising in connection therewith may be entered in any court of competent 
jurisdiction. Any arbitration, mediation, court action, or other adjudicative proceeding arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement shall be held in New York City, New York or, if such proceeding cannot be 
lawfully held in such location, as near thereto as applicable law permits. 
14.7.11 Side Letters. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, enter into a letter agreement or side letter with one or more Limited Partners (each, a "Side 
Letter") providing that the terms of this Agreement are amended and/or supplemented with respect to 
such Limited Partner and, with respect to any such Limited Partner, the terms of such Side Letter shall be 
controlling, and the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed amended, modified and/or supplemented to 
the extent required to effectuate the provisions of such Side Letters. Other than as amended, modified 
and/or supplemented by such Side Letter, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect with respect 
to such Limited Partner, and shall remain in full force and effect without any modification with respect to 
a Limited Partner who is not party to such Side Letter. 
14.7.12 Entire Agreement. 
This Agreement, the subscription agreements , the Side Letters and any other writing between any 
Limited Partners and the General Partner or the Investment Manager entered into in connection herewith, 
shall constitute the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and shall supersede any prior understanding or agreement, oral or written with 
respect thereto. 
14.7.13 Bad Actor Disqualification Information. 
The General Partner may from time to time conduct an inquiry of all Limited Partners whose 
Subscriptions equal or exceed 20% (or such lower percentage as necessitated by applicable law) of the 
Subscriptions of all Limited Partners (each, a "20% Holder") as to whether any 20% Holder is a "bad 
actor-  within the meaning of Rule 506(d) under the Securities Act (a "Bad Actor"). If (a) any 20% 
Holder fails to provide any requested information to the General Partner within ten (10) Business Days 
after the date of the request therefor or (b) any 20% Holder indicates that it is a Bad Actor, then such 20% 
Holder agrees that (i) it shall not cast any vote in respect of any portion of its interest in the Partnership 
that represents 20% or more of the total Subscriptions of the Limited Partners, and (ii) the General Partner 
may take such actions as it deems appropriate with respect to such 20% Holder or otherwise in order to 
ensure that the Partnership may continue to rely on Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the voting restrictions under this 14.7.13 shall cease as to 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038740 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184924 
EFTA01354146

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354147.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354147.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
a 20% Holder at such time as such 20% Holder certifies or recertifies to the General Partner that it is not a 
Bad Actor. 
[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.] 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038741 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84925 
EFTA01354147

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354148.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354148.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. as of the date first 
above written. 
GENERAL PARTNER: 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
By: Institutional Capital Network, Inc., its sole member 
By: 
Name: -11400.AA5 f O eT t tJ 
Title: 
c c.)
LIMITED PARTNERS: 
By: iCapital Advisors, LLC 
By: Institutional Capital Network, Inc., its sole member 
(for and on behalf of each Limited Partner set forth on 
the List of Partners, as attorney-in-fact) 
By: 
Name: n\-1-OKAS 
Title: 
CO 0 
INITIAL LIMITED PARTNER (hereby withdrawing): 
Name: Michael Stanton 
Glaidower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038742 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00184926 
EFTA01354148

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354149.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354149.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
APPENDIX I 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities W (U.S.), L.P. 
DErenrioNs 
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below (such 
meanings to be equally applicable to both singular and plural forms of the terms so defined). Additional 
defined terms are set forth in the provisions of this Agreement to which they relate. 
20% Holder 
Access Fund Default 
Additional Limited 
Partner 
Administrator 
Advisers Act 
Affiliate 
Agreement 
Alternative 
Investment Vehicles 
Anti-Money 
Laundering Laws 
Approved Agent 
BBA 
Beneficial Interest 
As set forth in 14.7.13. 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
The administrator of the Partnership, as appointed by the General Partner. 
The United States Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
With respect to the Person to which it refers. a Person that directly or indirectly 
through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under 
common control with, such subject Person. 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
As set forth in 3.5(a). 
As set forth in 3.3.3(aX2). 
Means any agent for a Partner or, as the case may be, an agent or 
nominee (or both), if duly appointed, for the legally appointed: 
(i) representative of a Partner who is deceased; (ii) trustee in bankruptcy 
of a Partner who is bankrupt; or (iii) curator, guardian or receiver of a 
Partner who is mentally incapable of managing his affairs. The General 
Partner may, unless it has actual notice to the contrary, accept the 
written representation of an Approved Agent that such Approved Agent 
is the duly appointed agent or nominee (or both) of any Partner or of 
any of the Persons in (i), (ii) or (iii) above without further investigation 
or verification. 
As set forth in 14.6.2(a). 
Has the meaning ascribed to it in Rule 5130. 
(ilendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rw‘taled Limited ParMa,lip Amoment 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184927 
DB-SDNY-0038743 
EFTA01354149

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354150.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354150.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Business Day 
Each Monday, Tuesday, Wcdncsday, Thursday and Friday which is not a day 
on which banking institutions in the City of New York, New York, are 
required by law to remain closed. 
Capital Account 
As set forth in 8.1.1. 
Carrying Value 
Code 
Contribution 
With respect to any asset, the asset's adjusted basis for federal income tax 
purposes; provided, however, that (i) the initial Carrying Value of any asset 
contributed to thc Partnership shall be adjusted to equal its gross fair market 
value at the time of its contribution, and (ii) the Carrying Values of all assets 
held by the Partnership shall be adjusted to equal their respective gross fair 
market values (taking Section 7701(g) of the Code into account) upon an 
election by the Partnership to revalue its property in accordance with Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2Xiv)(f) and upon liquidation of the 
Partnership. The Carrying Value of any asset whose Carrying Value was 
adjusted pursuant to the preceding sentence thereafter shall be adjusted in 
accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-
1(b)(2Xiv)(a 
The United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
time, or any successor statute thereto, and, as applicable, the Treasury 
Regulations thereunder. 
With respect to any Partner at any time, the aggregate amount of capital 
contributions made to the Partnership by such Partner, adjusted in accordance 
with the other provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, 6.2 
(relating to the return of contributions subject to subsequent drawdown) and 
6.3.2(a)(5), but excluding the contribution of an interest-equivalent amount 
pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4), the amount of any interest payable pursuant to 6.3. I 
and 6.3.2, and any other amounts contributed pursuant to 5.2.1.5, 11.1.8 or 
Article 12. 
Covered Company 
Refers to a Partner that is (i) a Covered Company Person or (ii) a Person (other 
Partner 
than an Exempt Entity) in which a Covered Company Person has a direct or 
indirect Beneficial Interest. 
Covered Company 
Refers to a Person that is an executive officer or director of a "public 
Person 
company" or "covered non-public company" (in each case as defined in Rule 
5131) or a person "materially supported" (as defined in Rule 5131) by such an 
officer or director. 
Covered Company 
Means the percentage of the Beneficial Interests in the Partnership that are 
Person Ownership 
held in the aggregate directly or indirectly by Covered Company Persons with 
Percentage 
respect to a particular company. 
Covered Person 
As set forth in 12.1.1. 
Credit Facility 
As set forth in 4.2. 
Default Rate 
As set forth in 6.3.1. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-2 
Amended and Restated LimikAlPartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038744 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184928 
EFTA01354150

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354151.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Defaulting Access 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
Fund Investor 
Defaulting Partner 
As set forth in 6.3.2. 
Delaware Act 
As set forth in 2.1. 
Delayed Payment 
Partnership income attributable to (a) interest paid by any Partner pursuant to 
Interest 
6.3.1 and (b) interest on costs of collecting unpaid capital contributions paid by 
any Partner pursuant to 6.3.2. 
ERISA 
ERISA Partner 
The United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and 
(unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. 
Any Limited Partner which (a) is (i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA and subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a 
"plan," as defined in Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) any other entity or 
account, any of the assets of which constitute "plan assets," within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA, of a plan described in (a)(i) or (aXii) 
above, or (iv) a nominee for, or is using the assets of, or is a trust established 
pursuant to, one or more such employee benefit plans or other plans, and 
(b) has notified the General Partner in writing of its status as an ERISA 
Partner. 
Exempt Entity 
An entity described in paragraph (c) of Rule 5130 as specifically eligible to 
purchase new issue securities, other than an entity described in subparagraph 
(c)(4) (Le., an entity relying on the 10% "de minimis" exception under Rule 
5130). 
FATCA 
Feeder Fund 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, all rules, regulations and other 
guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial interpretations 
thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and 
all applicable intergovernmental agreements entered into between the United 
States and another country (or local country legislation enacted pursuant to 
such intergovernmental agreement). 
Any feeder fund (including the Offshore Access Fund) that may be formed to 
invest all of the subscriptions made by the limited partners of such feeder fund 
in the Partnership and that is designated as a Feeder Fund by the General 
Partner. 
Final Closing Date 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
Freely Tradable 
Any security that satisfies the following conditions: 
Security 
(a) 
The Partnership's entire holding of such securities can be immediately 
sold by the Partnership to the general public without the necessity of any 
federal, state or local government consent, approval or filing (other than any 
notice filings of the type required pursuant to Rule 144(h) under the Securities 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-3 
Amended and Restated LimikAlPartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038745 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184929 
EFTA01354151

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354152.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354152.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
General Partner 
Indemnitee 
Initial Agreement 
Initial Closing Date 
Initial Drawdown 
Date 
Initial Limited 
Partner 
Investment Company 
Act 
Investment Manager 
Investment Subsidiary 
Limited Partners 
Act or Section 13 or 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), 
and 
(b) 
Such securities arc either listed on a national securities exchange or 
market quotations arc readily available for such security. 
If only a portion of the Partnership's holdings of securities satisfies the 
requirements of the preceding sentence, that portion of the Partnership's 
holdings of such securities shall constitute Freely Tradable Securities. In 
addition to the foregoing. in the case of a distribution or proposed distribution 
of securities in kind, such securities shall also constitute Freely Tradable 
Securities if the entire portion of the distribution made to the Limited Partners 
can be immediately sold by them under the terms provided for in clause (a) of 
this definition and the condition provided for in clause (b) of this definition is 
satisfied, assuming for purposes of this sentence that no Limited Partner is or 
has been an Affiliate of the issuer of such securities and without regard to any 
restrictions on sale applicable to particular Limited Partners because of the 
particular nature or status of such Limited Partners. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may subject such Freely 
Tradable Securities to such conditions and restrictions as the General Partner 
determines are necessary or appropriate to preserve the value of such Freely 
Tradable Securities or for legal reasons. 
Initially, the entity named as General Partner in the introductory paragraph of 
this Agreement, and any successor General Partner. 
As set forth in 12.2.1. 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
As set forth in 6.1.2. 
Michael Stanton 
The Investment Company Act of 1940, as from time to time amended and in 
effect. 
Means iCapital Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or a 
successor management company appointed by the Partnership in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement and the Management Agreement. 
As set forth in 3.5(f). 
Those Persons listed in the List of Partners as limited partners, together with 
any additional or substituted limited partners admitted to the Partnership after 
the date hereof. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-4 
Amended and Restated LimikAlPartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84930 
DB-SDNY-0038746 
EFTA01354152

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354153.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354153.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
List of Partners 
Management 
Agreement 
Management Fee 
Management Fee Rate 
Net Gain or Loss 
Nonrecourse Liability 
Non-Voting Interest 
The list, maintained by the General Partner, setting forth the names, addresses, 
facsimile numbers, electronic mail addresses and Subscriptions of the Partners. 
Means the Management Agreement between the Partnership and the 
Investment Manager, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with 
the terms thereof. 
As set forth in 5.2.2.1. 
As set forth in 5.2.2.1. 
The profit or loss of the Partnership determined, in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax accounting principles, excluding any items specially 
allocated pursuant to 8.2.2, 8.2.3 or 8.3. and computed with the following 
adjustments: 
(i) 
Items of gain, loss, and deduction shall be computed based upon the 
Carrying Values of the Partnership's assets (in accordance with Treasury 
Regulation Sections 1.704-1(bX2Xiv)(g) and/or 1.704-3(d)) rather than upon 
the assets' adjusted bases for federal income tax purposes; 
(ii) 
Any tax-exempt income received by the Partnership shall be included 
as an item of gross income; 
(iii) 
Any expenditure of the Partnership described in Section 705(aX2)(B) 
of the Code (including any expenditures treated as being described in 
Section 705(a)(2XB) pursuant to Treasury Regulations under Section 704(6) of 
the Code) shall be treated as a deductible expense; 
(iv) 
The amount of any adjustment to the Carrying Value of any 
Partnership asset pursuant to Section 734(b) or Section 743(b) of the Code that 
is required to be reflected in the Capital Accounts of the Partners pursuant to 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2XivXm) shall be treated as an item of 
gain (if the adjustment is positive) or loss (if the adjustment is negative), and 
only such amount of the adjustment shall thereafter be taken into account in 
computing items of income and deduction; 
(v) 
The amount of any unrealized gain or unrealized loss attributable to an 
asset at the time it is distributed in kind to a Partner (or to any Approved Agent 
on behalf of a Partner) shall be included in the computation as an item of 
income or loss, respectively, and 
(vi) 
The amount of any unrealized gain or unrealized loss with respect to 
the assets of the Partnership that is reflected in an adjustment to the Caning 
Values of the Partnership's assets pursuant to clause (ii) of the definition of 
"Carrying Value" shall be included in the computation as items of income or 
loss, respectively. 
Has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(bX3). 
A limited partnership interest in the Partnership that does not entitle the holder 
to vote, consent or withhold consent with respect to any Partnership matter. 
Contributions attributable to Non-Voting Interests shall be disregarded, for 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
I-5 
Amended and Restated LISA Partntrchip Apemient 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184931 
DB-SDNY-0038747 
EFTA01354153

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354154.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
purposes of 13.2, in determining both the aggregate Contributions of all 
Limited Partners and the aggregate Contributions of those Limited Partners 
voting in favor of or against a particular proposal. Except as otherwise 
explicitly provided in this Agreement, any interest held by any Person as a 
Non-Voting Interest shall be identical to all other limited partnership interests 
in all respects other than with regard to votes and consents. 
Offshore Access Fund 
Organizational 
Expenses 
Parallel Access Fund 
Partner Interest 
Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt 
Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt Minimum Gain 
Partners 
Partnership 
Partnership Expenses 
Partnership 
Information 
Partnership Minimum 
Gain 
Partnership 
Representative 
Percentage Interest 
Means Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P., a 
Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
All expenses that are attributable to the organization of the General Partner, the 
Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and the sale of 
interests in the Partnership, any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund to the 
Limited Partners of the respective fluids incurred by the General Partner, 
Investment Manager and their Affiliates (including legal, travel, accounting, 
tax advisory expenses. start-up filing, capital raising and other expenses and 
marketing costs, other organizational and start-up expenses of the General 
Partner and certain legal and third-party provider costs). For the avoidance of 
doubt, the foregoing organizational expenses do not include expenses incurred 
by the Placement Agents. 
As set forth in 3.6. 
As set forth in 6.2.1. 
Has the same meaning as the term "partner nonrecourse debt" set forth in 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(4). 
An amount, with respect to each Partner Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the 
Partnership Minimum Gain that would result if the Partner Nonrecourse Debt 
were treated as a Nonrecourse Liability, determined in accordance with 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(3). 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 
As set forth in the second paragraph of this Agreement. 
As set forth in 5.2.1.1. 
As set forth in 14.7.8(a). 
Has the same meaning as the term -partnership minimum gain" set forth in 
Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(6)(2) and 1.704-2(d). 
As set forth in 14.6.2(b). 
The ratio of a Partner's Contributions to all of the Partners' Contributions; 
provided that, the General Partner, in its reasonable discretion, can adjust the 
Percentage Interests of the Partners (i) to reflect any default by a Partner with 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-6 
Amended and Restated LimikAlPartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038748 
SDNY GM_00184932 
EFTA01354154

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354155.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354155.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
respect to one or more capital calls, and (ii) in connection with the initial 
capital commitment of any Partner to take into account that they have not yet 
made a Contribution. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of Management 
Fees by Limited Partners shall not be considered "Contributions" for purposes 
of the definition of "Percentage Interest". 
Person 
Placement Agent 
Plan Assets Regulation 
Prime Rate 
Regulatory Allocations 
Restricted Person 
Restricted Person 
Ownership Percentage 
Restricted Person 
Partner 
Securities Act 
Side Letter 
Subscription 
Tax Liability 
Tax Matters Partner 
Temporary 
Investments 
Any individual, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability 
partnership, limited liability company, corporation, joint venture, trust, 
business trust, cooperative or association and the heirs, executors, 
administrators, legal representative, successors and assigns of such Person 
where the context so permits. 
Means the third-party placement agents utilized by the Partnership. 
The regulation concerning the definition of "plan assets" under ERISA 
adopted by the United States Department of Labor and codified in 29 C.F.R. 
§2510.3-101 or any successor regulation promulgated pursuant to 
Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
As of any date, the prime rate of interest in effect on such date as reported in 
The Wall Street Journal. 
As set forth in Part 1.6 of Appendix II. 
Refers to a Person that is (i) a "restricted person" within the meaning of Rule 
5130 and (ii) not either an Exempt Entity or a Person whose only Beneficial 
Interest in the Partnership is an indirect interest held through an Exempt 
Entity. 
Means the percentage of the Beneficial Interests in the Partnership that arc 
held in the aggregate directly or indirectly by Restricted Persons. 
Refers to a Partner that is (i) a Restricted Person or (ii) a Person in which a 
Restricted Person has a direct or indirect Beneficial Interest. 
The United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, or 
any successor statute thereto. 
As set forth in 14.7.11. 
With respect to any Partner, the total amount that such Partner has agreed to 
contribute to the Partnership as set forth in the List of Partners exclusive of 
any interest equivalent amounts pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4). 
As set forth in 7.4.1. 
As set forth in 14.6.2(a). 
Short-term investments of cash pending distribution or use by the Partnership 
to pay expenses or to make contributions to the Underlying Fund, which shall 
be limited to (i) cash or cash equivalents, (ii) commercial paper rated no lower 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-7 
Amended and Restated LISA Partntrchip Apemient 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84933 
DB-SDNY-0038749 
EFTA01354155

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354156.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354156.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
than 
by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services or "P-I" by Moody's 
Investors Service, Inc., or a comparable rating by a comparable rating agency, 
(iii) obligations of the United States or (iv) certificates of deposit issued by, or 
other deposit obligations of, commercial banks chartered by the United States, 
any state thereof, the District of Columbia, or any member nation of the 
European Union, each having, at the date of acquisition by the Partnership, 
combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000 or the equivalent 
thereof, in each case maturing in one year or less at the time of investment by 
the Partnership. 
Third-Party 
Any Person (other than the Partnership and the General Partner) that is legally 
Indemnifiers 
or contractually obligated to make indemnification payments (or equivalent 
payments pursuant to an insurance policy or similar arrangement) to an 
Indemnitee. 
Transfer 
As set forth in 11.1.1. 
Transfer Expenses 
As set forth in 11.1.8. 
Treasury Regulations 
The regulations promulgated by the United States Department of the Treasury 
under the Code, as amended. 
Underlying Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities IV, LP, an English private fund 
limited partnership, together with any parallel funds and alternative investment 
vehicles formed in accordance with the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
Defaulting Partner 
United States; U.S. 
The United States of America. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
I-8 
Amended and Restated LISA Partntrchip Apemient 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038750 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184934 
EFTA01354156

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354157.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
APPENDIX II 
REGULATORY AND TAX ALLOCATIONS 
The provisions of this Appendix II are included in order to enable the Partnership to comply with the 
requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(bX2)(iv). 
1. 
Regulatory Allocations and Allocations Involving Non recourse Indebtedness. The following 
provisions arc included in order to comply with tax rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code and to 
permit the Partnership to obtain the benefits of a -safe harbor" provided by Treasury• Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXd) and apply notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 8.2 and 8.3. 
1.1 
Minimum Gain Chargeback. Items of income or gain (computed with the adjustments 
contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be allocated to the 
Partners in the manner and to the minimum extent required by the "minimum gain chargeback" 
provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(f) and Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(iX4). 
1.2 
Nonrecourse Deductions. All "nonrecourse deductions" (as defined in Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-2(6)(1)) of the Partnership for any year shall be allocated to the Partners in accordance with 
their respective Contributions: provided. however, that nonrecourse deductions attributable to "partner 
nonrecourse debt" (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section I .704-2(bX4)) shall be allocated to the 
Partners in accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section I .704-2(i)(1). 
Limit on Loss and Deduction Allocations. In no event shall any items of loss or deduction 
(computed with the adjustments contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") be allocated 
to a Partner if such allocation would cause or increase a negative balance in such Partner's Capital 
Account (determined for this purpose, by increasing the Partner's Capital Account balance by the amount 
the Partner is obligated to restore to the Partnership within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXc) or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulation 
Sections 1.704-2(g) and I .704-2(iX5) and decreasing it by the amounts specified in Treasury Regulation 
Sections 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXd)(1), (5) and (6)). 
1.4 
Qualified Income Offset. Items of income or gain (computed with the adjustments contained in 
the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be allocated to the Partners in 
the manner and to the extent required by the "qualified income offset" provisions of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXd). 
1.5 
Gross Income Allocation. Items of income or gain (computed with the adjustments contained in 
the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be allocated to the Partners in 
the amount of (and in proportion to) any negative balance in such Partner's Capital Account (detennined 
for this purpose, by increasing the Partner's Capital Account balance by the amount the Partner is 
obligated to restore to the Partnership within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-
1(b)(2)(ii)(c) or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-2(g) and 
I.704-2(i)(5) and decreasing it by the amounts specified in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-
1(b)(2XiiXd)(4), (5) and (6)). 
2. 
Adjustments to Reflect Changes in Interests. 
With respect to any fiscal period during which any Partner's interest in the Partnership changes, 
allocations under this Agreement (including 6.3.2 and 8.3) shall be adjusted appropriately to take into 
(ilendower AccessSecondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rw‘taled Limited ParMa,lip Amoment 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038751 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184935 
EFTA01354157

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354158.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354158.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
account the varying interests of the Partners during such period in accordance with the requirements of 
Section 706(d) of the Code and the Regulations thereunder. 
3. 
Special Allocations to Reflect Economic Interests. 
The General Partner is authorized to modify the allocations otherwise provided for under Article 8 and 
this Appendix II including by specially allocating items of gross income, gain, loss, or expense among 
the Partners, if advised by the Partnership's tax advisors that such modifications or such special 
allocations will cause the Capital Accounts of the Partners to reflect more closely the Partners' relative 
economic interests in the Partnership as set forth in Article 7 and Article 10. 
4. 
Tax Allocations. 
Except as otherwise provided in the Agreement or this Appendix II or as required by Section 704 of the 
Code, for tax purposes, all items of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit shall be allocated to the 
Partners in the same manner as arc Net Gains and Net Losses and other items allocated pursuant to Article 
and the other provisions of this Appendix II; provided however, that if the Carrying Value of any 
property of the Partnership differs from its adjusted basis for tax purposes. then items of income, gain, 
loss, deduction or credit related to such property for tax purposes shall be allocated among the Partners so 
as to take account of the variation between the adjusted basis of the property for tax purposes and its 
Carrying Value in the manner provided for under Section 704(c) of the Code. 
• 
• 
• 
(ikvidower Access Secondary Opporkinincc IV (U.S.), L.P. 
II-2 
Amended and Rtaled Limited ParMayhip Ameanail 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038752 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184938 
EFTA01354158

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354159.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential — Private Placement Memorandum 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
An "Access Fund" into Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP 
Offering of 
Limited Partner Interests 
January 2018 
Important Disclosures 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038753 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184937 
EFTA01354159

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354160.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
This confidential private placement memorandum (as amended or supplemented from time to time. this 
"Memorandum') is furnished on a confidential basis by iCapital Advisors, LLC or an affiliate (the "Investment 
Manager') to a limited number of sophisticated investors ("Investors') for the purpose of providing certain 
information about an investment in limited partner interests (the "Interests') in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Access Fund'). The Access Fund expects 
to invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, if 
applicable, the "Underlying Fund'). 
The Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund datcd October 2017 (as supplemented 
by the Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated November 2017 and as may be 
amended, restated and/or further supplemented from time to time, the "Underlying Fund PPM-) is attached 
hereto on a confidential basis as Appendix A and is incorporated herein by reference. The investment and 
business objective of the Access Fund is to acquire a direct limited partner interest in the Underlying Fund. The 
Underlying Fund PPM is an integral part of this Memorandum, therefore, prospective investors should carefully 
read the Underlying Fund PPM. This Memorandum is qualified in its entirety by the Underlying Fund PPM and 
the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund (as may be amended or otherwise supplemented from 
time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA'), which shall be provided upon request by Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC (the "General Partner") or Investment Manager. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in this Memorandum relating to the 
Underlying Fund and the Underlying Fund PPM, the Underlying Fund PPM shall control. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in the Underlying Fund PPM and the 
Underlying Fund LPA, the Underlying Fund LPA shall control. Neither the Interests nor the interests in the 
Underlying Fund have been recommended, approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC'), or by any other U.S. federal or state securities commission, regulatory authority, or 
any non-U.S. securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthennom, the foregoing authorities have not 
confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. Any representation to the contrary 
may be a criminal offense. 
Neither the Interests nor the interests in the Underlying Fund have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any U.S. state or the securities laws of any 
other country or jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in the 
U.S. in reliance upon the exemptions provided in the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder 
and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and jurisdictions where the offering will be made, 
and in compliance with any applicable U.S. state or other securities laws. The Interests may not be sold or 
transferred (i) except as permitted under the Partnership Agreement and (ii) in compliance with all applicable 
U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. securities laws and any contractual restrictions imposed by the Underlying Fund. 
It is not expected that the Interests or the interests in the Underlying Fund will be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any other securities laws. Neither the Access Fund nor the Underlying Fund will be registered as an 
investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company 
Act'). Consequently, investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. The 
Interests are being offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be a U.S. person that is (x) an "accredited investor- as defined within the meaning of 
Rule 50I(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, (y) a "qualified purchaser-  as defined in 
Section 2(aX51) of the Investment Company Act and (z) a "qualified client," as defined in the U.S. Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act'). There is no public market for the Interests, and no 
such market is expected to develop in the future. Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager is 
authorized or expected to become authorized under the European Union's Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive') as of the date of this Memorandum, and the substantive 
requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative Investment Fund Manage?' ("AIFM') under the AIFM 
Directive or any national implementing law arc not applicable to the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager will market interests (or permit interests to be marketed 
on their behalf) to any prospective investor located, resident or domiciled or with a registered office in or 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038754 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184938 
EFTA01354160

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354161.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
organized under the laws of a relevant member state (each, a "Member State) of the European Economic Area 
("EEA')I when such marketing is reasonably likely to give rise to the application of any requirement of the 
AIFM Directive to the General Partner or the Investment Manager. In the event a prospective investor 
inadvertently receives this Memorandum while located in the EEA, the prospective investor should disregard 
this Memorandum and return the Memorandum to the applicable Placement Agent (as defined below). 
Investment in the Access Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability and 
willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity inherent in an investment in the Access Fund. Investors 
in the Access Fund must be prepared to bear such risks for an extended period of time. No assurance can be 
given that the Access Fund's investment objectives will be achieved, that investors will receive a return of their 
capital or that substantial losses will be avoided. Investors could lose the entire value of their investment. 
Purchasers of Interests will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or 
recourse, and may not bring an action against, the Underlying Fund or the general partner of the 
Underlying Fund (the "Glendower GP") and their respective affiliates or any of their respective advisors, 
officers, directors, employees, partners or members (together with the Glendower GP, Glendower Capital, 
LLP and Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, "Glendower") for any breach of the Underlying Fund LPA. To 
the fullest extent permitted by law, the Access Fund may bring legal action against the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower only at the initiative of the General Partner or the Investment Manager, as a delegate of 
the General Partner. None of the Underlying Fund or Glendower: (i) is responsible for the organization, 
operation or management of the Access Fund; (ii) has participated in, or is responsible for, the offering of 
Interests; (iii) has participated, or will participate, in the preparation of, or shall be responsible for, the 
contents of any of this Memorandum (other than Appendix A), the Partnership Agreement, the 
subscription agreement and related documents thereto, (the "Subscription Agreement") or any related 
agreements, instruments or accompanying sales documentation; (iv) makes any representation with 
respect to the adequacy or sufficiency of the information contained in this Memorandum to any investor 
in the Access Fund regarding the Underlying Fund or undertakes any responsibility to update any 
information contained herein for the purpose of the offering of Interests; (v) has endorsed or made any 
recommendations, representations or warranties with respect to the Interests; or (vi) is acting as a 
fiduciary or is providing investment advice with respect to the Interests. Furthermore, Glendower has 
not made any representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to the fairness, correctness, 
accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of any of the information contained in this Memorandum, and 
it expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability therefor. Glendower has no responsibility to update 
any of the information provided in this Memorandum. The information contained herein relating to the 
Underlying Fund, including, the information contained in the appendices hereto, was obtained from 
Glendower. Such information contained in this Memorandum does not purport to be complete and is 
subject to the more detailed information in the Underlying Fund PPM and the operational documents of 
the Underlying Fund, which documents may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to 
time. None of the Placement Agents, the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Manager 
participated in the preparation of such documents or any underlying information obtained from such 
documents or conducted any due diligence or verification efforts with respect thereto, and none of them 
makes any representation regarding, and each of them expressly disclaims any liability or responsibility' 
to any Investor in the Access Fund for, such information or any other information relating to the 
Underlying Fund set forth therein or omitted therefrom. The offering of Interests is not, and should not 
be considered, an offering of interests in the Underlying Fund. Although the Access Fund is being 
established to invest in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund is not an affiliate of the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower and an investment in the Access Fund is different from an investment in the Underlying 
Fund. Furthermore, the offering of Interests is not, and should not be considered, an offering of direct or 
The following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark. Estonia, 
Finland. France, Germany, Greece. Hungary. Iceland. Republic of Ireland, Italy. Latvia, Liechtenskin, Lithuania, Luxembourg. 
Malta, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland. Portugal. Romania. Slovakia. Slovenia. Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038755 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184939 
EFTA01354161

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354162.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354162.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
indirect interests in other funds managed or under the control of Glendower. Moreover, none of the 
limited partners of the Access Fund (the "Limited Partners"), the General Partner, Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates has either (i) the right to participate in the control, management or 
operations of the Underlying Fund or (ii) the power to legally bind or commit the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower or any of their respective affiliates. No Glendower entity has (i) the right to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Access Fund, the General Partner or any of their respective 
affiliates or (ii) the power to legally bind or commit the Access Fund, the General Partner or any of their 
respective affiliates except in certain limited circumstances set forth in the Underlying Fund LPA. If the 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its investment in the Underlying Fund 
when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited Partner or otherwise, the Underlying Fund may 
(but is not required to) exercise various remedies against the Access Fund and/or its Limited Partners on 
a look through basis, including forfeiture of all of its investment in the Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management fees, custodial accounting and 
other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns and returns to 
Limited Partners are likely to be lower than those from a direct investment in the Underlying Fund. 
Nothing contained in this paragraph or elsewhere in this Memorandum shall constitute a waiver by any 
investor or potential investor in the Access Fund of any of its legal rights under applicable U.S. federal 
securities laws or any other laws whose applicability is not permitted to be contractually waived. By 
subscribing for an interest in the Access Fund, each Limited Partner will be deemed to agree that 
Glendower will be a third-party beneficiary of this paragraph. 
The historical investment performance incorporated herein provides no assurance of the future performance of 
the Underlying Fund or of the future performance of the Access Fund and is not indicative of future results. 
There can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Return calculations in the 
Underlying Fund PPM include valuations for unrealized investments. Actual realized returns on unrealized 
investments will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, market conditions at the time of 
disposition, legal and contractual restrictions on transfer that may limit liquidity, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of disposition, all of which may differ from the assumptions and valuations used in 
the historical investment performance data incorporated herein. Accordingly, the actual realized returns on 
unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns incorporated herein. There can be no assurance 
that the Underlying Fund will be able to implement its investment strategy, achieve its investment objective or 
avoid substantial losses. 
This Memorandum contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of forward-looking 
terminology such as -may.- -seek.-  -expect.-  "estimate," or -believe' or the negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Fonvard-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts, 
including statements about beliefs and expectations. Any statement in this Memorandum that contains 
intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions (and the assumptions underlying them) is a forward-looking 
statement. These assumptions are based on plans, estimates, and projections, as they are currently available. 
Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are made, and none of the Underlying Fund. 
Glendower, the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager or any of their respective affiliates 
undertakes to update any of them in light of new information or future events. Forward-looking statements 
involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors could therefore cause actual results of 
the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking 
statement. 
The terms of the Underlying Fund have not been finalized and may be subject to change in connection with 
continuing negotiation with prospective investors. The final terms of the Underlying Fund may be different 
from those summarized herein or provided in the materials incorporated by reference herein. A prospective 
investor should not invest unless it is able to sustain the loss of all or a significant portion of its investment. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Access Fund and the 
terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved, not all of which arc discussed in this Memorandum. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
-iv - 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038756 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184940 
EFTA01354162

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354163.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as legal, tax, investment, or 
accounting advice. Each prospective investor is urged to consult with its own advisors with respect to the legal, 
tax, regulatory, financial, and accounting consequences of an investment in the Access Fund. 
This Memorandum is not a prospectus and does not purport to contain all information an investor may require 
to form an investment decision. It is not intended to be relied upon solely in relation to, and must not be taken 
solely as the basis for, an investment decision. This Memorandum contains a summary of the Partnership 
Agreement, the Subscription Agreement and certain other documents referred to herein. However, the 
summaries set forth in this Memorandum do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their 
entirety by reference to the Partnership Agreement, Subscription Agreement and such other documents, copies 
of which will be provided to any prospective investor upon request and which should be reviewed for complete 
information concerning the rights, privileges, and obligations of investors in the Access Fund. In the event that 
the descriptions or terms in this Memorandum are inconsistent with or contrary to the descriptions in or terms of 
the Partnership Agreement or such other documents, the Partnership Agreement and such other documents shall 
control. The General Partner reserves the right to modify the terms of the offering and the Interests described in 
this Memorandum. The Interests arc offered subject to the General Partner's ability to reject any prospective 
investor's commitment, in whole or in part, in its sole discretion. 
By executing a Subscription Agreement, an Investor (i) agrees to be, and upon acceptance of such subscription 
by the General Partner shall be, bound as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund by the terms, provisions and 
requirements applicable to interests and Limited Partners of the Access Fund as set forth in the Partnership 
Agreement, as such Partnership Agreement may be amended or supplemented from time to time, and (ii) 
acknowledges the terms, provisions and requirements set forth herein and therein that arc applicable to the 
Access Fund, the General Partner and the Investment Manager, as the case may be. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.60 11-‘,I(b)(3Xi), each investor (and any employee, representative, or other agent of such investor) may 
disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal, state, or local income tax 
treatment and tax structure of the Access Fund or any transactions undertaken by the Access Fund, it being 
understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the name of. or any other identifying information regarding (A) the 
Access Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in the Access Fund, or (B) any investment 
or transaction entered into by the Access Fund, and (ii) any performance information relating to the Access Fund 
or its investments. 
You are hereby informed that (a) the information contained in this Memorandum is not intended or written to be 
used, and cannot be used, by an investor for the purpose of avoiding penalties that the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service may attempt to impose on such investor, (b) the information was written to support the promotion or 
marketing of the transactions or marketing of the transactions or matters addressed by the written information 
and (e) investors should seek advice based on their particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor. 
During the course of the offering and prior to a purchase of Interests by a prospective investor, each offeree of 
the Interests and its purchaser representative(s), if any. arc invited to meet with representatives of the Access 
Fund and to discuss with, ask questions of, and receive answers from such representatives concerning the terms 
and conditions of the offering, and to obtain any additional information, to the extent that such representatives 
possess such information or can acquire it without unreasonable effort or expense, necessary to verify the 
information contained in this Memorandum. Subject to the foregoing, any representation or information not 
contained herein must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Underlying Fund, Glendower, the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Placement Agents, or any of their respective 
affiliates since no person has been authorized to make any such representations or to provide any such 
information. The delivery of this Memorandum does not imply that the information contained herein is correct 
as of any date subsequent to the date on the cover hereof or, if earlier, the date when such information is 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038757 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184841 
EFTA01354163

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354164.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
referenced. Neither Glendower nor the Underlying Fund is responsible for updating any information provided 
in this Memorandum. 
The minimum subscription for Interests is $250,000, although the General Partner may accept subscriptions to 
the Access Fund for lesser amounts in its sole discretion. The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer 
and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may bc restricted by law. This Memorandum docs not constitute 
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy in any state or other jurisdiction to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such state or jurisdiction. Accordingly, the Interests may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and this Memorandum may not be distributed, in any jurisdiction, except 
in accordance with the legal requirements applicable to such jurisdiction. 
This Memorandum contains confidential, proprietary, trade secret, and other commercially sensitive 
information and should be treated in a confidential manner. The acceptance of this document constitutes an 
agreement to: (i) keep confidential all the information contained in this Memorandum and the Underlying Fund 
PPM, as well as any information derived from the information contained in this Memorandum (collectively, 
"Confidential Information') and not disclose any such Confidential Information to any other person, (ii) not 
use any of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than to evaluate an investment in the Access Fund, 
(iii) not use the Confidential Information for purposes of trading any security or other financial interests on the 
basis of any such information and (iv) promptly return this Memorandum and any copies hereof to the General 
Partner upon the General Partner's request, in each case subject to the confidentiality provisions more fully set 
forth in this Memorandum and any written agreement between the recipient and the General Partner or 
Investment Manager, if any. 
For additional information, please contact: 
Investor Relations 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. 
(212) 994-7333 
ird.icavitalnetwork.con 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
-vi-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038758 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184942 
EFTA01354164

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354165.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354165.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF THE ACCESS FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE 
MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ANY 
U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY 
OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY REPRESENTATION TO 
THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
THIS MEMORANDUM SUPERSEDES ANY AND ALL TERM SHEETS, PITCH BOOKS, 
PRELIMINARY INVESTMENT PROPOSALS OR ANY OTHER OFFERING LITERATURE 
DELIVERED TO A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR PRIOR TO THE DATE OF DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM TO SUCH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE. SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION 
MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE ACCESS FUND, THE 
GENERAL PARTNER, THE INVESTMENT MANAGER, GLENDOWER, OR ANY OF THEIR 
AFFILIATES (OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, 
MEMBERS, PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS OR AGENTS). ANY PURCHASE OF INTERESTS 
MADE BY ANY INVESTOR ON THE BASIS OF INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATIONS NOT 
CONTAINED HEREIN OR INCONSISTENT HEREWITH SHALL BE SOLELY AT THE RISK OF 
SUCH INVESTOR. 
EACH RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM ACKNOWLEDGES THAT PROSPECTIVE LIMITED 
PARTNERS IN THE UNDERLYING FUND HAVE RECEIVED CERTAIN MATERIALS PREPARED 
BY GLENDOWER THAT MAY CONTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
UNDERLYING FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO, WHICH HAVE NOT BEEN INCLUDED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM. SUCH INFORMATION, HAD IT BEEN PROVIDED TO THE INVESTOR, MAY 
HAVE BEEN MATERIAL TO THE INVESTOR'S DECISION WHETHER OR NOT TO INVEST IN 
THE ACCESS FUND. BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH INVESTOR AGREES TO 
THE FOREGOING. 
THE INTERESTS ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND 
MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR 
EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 
INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE 
PERIOD OF TIME. 
EACH HOLDER OF INTERESTS WILL BE REQUIRED UPON REQUEST BY THE GENERAL 
PARTNER TO CERTIFY AS TO THE BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SUCH INTERESTS AND ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN IN ORDER TO ASSURE THAT THE ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND WILL 
NOT BE PLAN ASSETS UNDER THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED. IT IS INTENDED THAT THE TOTAL NUMBER OF INTERESTS THAT MAY 
BE PURCHASED WITH CERTAIN TYPES OF FUNDS MAY BE LIMITED, AND EACH INVESTOR 
WHO BECOMES A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE ACCESS FUND AND ANY SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE INFORMATION AND CERTIFICATIONS 
REGARDING THE SOURCE OF FUNDS USED TO ACQUIRE THE INTERESTS. 
TO BE 
EFFECTIVE, ALL TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS MUST BE RECORDED IN THE LIST OF 
PARTNERS OF THE ACCESS FUND MAINTAINED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
ii-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038759 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184943 
EFTA01354165

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354166.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
EXEMPTIO
OM REGISTRATION UNDER COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
ALTHOUGH THE ACCESS FUND IS PERMITTED TO DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TRADE 
COMMODITY FUTURES, SWAPS AND/OR OTHER COMMODITY INTERESTS (COLLECTIVELY, 
"COMMODITY INTERESTS"), THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION 
WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION ("CFTC") AS A COMMODITY 
POOL OPERATOR ("CPO") AND PLANS TO FILE WITH THE NATIONAL FUTURES 
ASSOCIATION (THE `IsIFA") A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE 
CFTC AS A CPO PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3). THEREFORE, UNLIKE A REGISTERED 
CPO, THE GENERAL PARTNER IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
WITH A CFTC COMPLIANT DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, NOR IS IT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE 
INVESTORS WITH CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORTS THAT SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
CFTC RULES APPLICABLE TO A REGISTERED CPO. IN ADDITION, BY VIRTUE OF ITS 
RELIANCE ON CFTC RULE 4. I4(a)(3). THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL BE EXEMPT PURSUANT 
TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(5) FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY 
TRADING ADVISOR ("CTA") WITH RESPECT TO ADVICE THAT IT PROVIDES TO THE ACCESS 
FUND, AND AS SUCH IT WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO SATISFY CERTAIN DISCLOSURE AND 
OTHER REQUIREMENTS UNDER CFTC RULES. THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE 
MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN 
OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS NOT REVIEW OR APPROVED 
THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL RELY UPON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO REGISTRATION 
UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3) (AND, CORRELATIVELY, THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 
4.14(a)(5)) BECAUSE (AMONG MEETING OTHER REQUIREMENTS): (I) THE INTERESTS IN THE 
ACCESS FUND ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE 
OFFERED AND SOLD WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES; (II) 
PARTICIPATION IN THE ACCESS FUND IS LIMITED TO "ACCREDITED INVESTORS" (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" 
(AS DEFINED IN THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT), AND (RI) (A) AT ALL TIMES THE 
AMOUNT OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS TO WHICH THE ACCESS FUND IS 
DIRECTLY AND/OR INDIRECTLY EXPOSED DOES NOT EXCEED THE FOLLOWING LEVELS 
SPECIFIED IN CFTC REGULATION 4.13(a)(3Xii): EITHER (X) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL 
MARGIN AND PREMIUMS REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS 
WILL NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS FUND; AND/OR (Y) 
THE AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS OF THE 
ACCESS FUND WILL NOT EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS 
FUND'S PORTFOLIO; AND/OR (B) THE GENERAL PARTNER DOES NOT KNOW AND COULD 
NOT REASONABLY KNOW THAT THE ACCESS FUND'S INDIRECT EXPOSURE TO 
COMMODITY INTERESTS DERIVED FROM CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNDERLYING FUND IN 
WHICH THE ACCESS FUND INVESTS EXCEED THE LEVELS SPECIFIED IN CFTC 
REGULATION 4.13(aX3)(ii), EITHER CALCULATED DIRECTLY, OR THROUGH THE USE OF 
CFTC GUIDANCE ESTABLISHED IN APPENDIX A OF PART 4 OF THE CFTC'S REGULATIONS 
BEFORE SUCH APPENDIX WAS RESCINDED. TO THE EXTENT THE EXEMPTION CRITERIA 
CHANGES IN THE FUTURE, THE GENERAL PARTNER MAY SEEK TO COMPLY WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE DIFFERENT CRITERIA AND/OR OTHER EXEMPTIONS. 
AS A RESULT OF THE GENERAL PARTNER'S RELIANCE ON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO 
REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(aX3), AN INVESTOR THAT HAS 25% OR GREATER 
INTEREST IN THE ACCESS FUND AND OWNS OR CONTROLS COMMODITY FUTURES OR 
FUTURES OPTION CONTRACTS SUBJECT TO CFTC POSITION LIMITS WILL BE REQUIRED TO 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038760 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184944 
EFTA01354166

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354167.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
AGGREGATE SUCH POSITIONS, FOR CFTC POSITION LIMIT AND LARGE TRADER 
REPORTING PURPOSES, WITH ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT POSITIONS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
IN SUCH CONTRACTS. IN THE FUTURE, SIMILAR AGGREGATION REQUIREMENTS WILL BE 
APPLICABLE TO POSITIONS IN CERTAIN SWAPS THAT ARE ECONOMICALLY EQUIVALENT 
TO COMMODITY FUTURES AND FUTURES OPTIONS POSITIONS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN LEGAL ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE POTENTIAL 
APPLICATION OF POSITION AGGREGATION AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS TO THEIR 
OWNERSHIP OR CONTROL OF COMMODITY INTEREST CONTRACTS. 
THE INVESTMENT MANAGER HAS FILED WITH THE NFA A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A CTA PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4. I4(aX8). THE 
INVESTMENT MANAGER QUALIFIES FOR THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8) ON 
THE BASIS THAT (A) IT IS REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT ADVISER UNDER THE 
ADVISERS ACT, (B) ITS ADVICE IS DIRECTED SOLELY TO, AND FOR THE SOLE USE OF 
ENTITIES ENUMERATED IN CFTC RULE 4.14(aX8), INCLUDING A CPO WHO HAS CLAIMED 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3), (C) IT PROVIDES 
COMMODITY INTEREST TRADING ADVICE SOLELY INCIDENTAL TO ITS BUSINESS OF 
PROVIDING SECURITIES OR OTHER INVESTMENT ADVICE AND (D) IT IS NOT OTHERWISE 
HOLDING ITSELF OUT AS A CTA. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
-ix-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038761 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184945 
EFTA01354167

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354168.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354168.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
II. 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
M. 
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
IV. 
TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
Appendix A: Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP (as supplemented by the Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated 
November 2017). 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038762 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184946 
EFTA01354168

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354169.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the -Access 
Fund'), has been formed to invest substantially all of its investable assets in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with its parallel funds and 
alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the "Underlying Fund"). The principal investment objective 
of the Underlying Fund is to generate attractive risk-adjusted investment returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments 
including large and mid-market buyout, growth capital, venture capital. special situations, tumaround, 
mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets primarily on the secondary market. 
The investments are expected to be in established generalist and specialist private equity funds on the 
secondary market and in private equity funds or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market 
through bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The Access Fund expects to invest substantially all of its investable assets in the Underlying Fund. 
Accordingly, prospective investors should carefully read the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
of the Underlying Fund (the "Underlying Fund PPM"), including the sections relating to, and describing, 
the risk factors and potential conflicts of interest of the Underlying Fund, which is hereby incorporated by 
reference into this Memorandum and attached hereto as Appendix A and the limited partnership agreement 
of the Underlying Fund, which shall be provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment 
Manager. By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, the Investment Manager nor 
any of their respective affiliates is providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the 
advisability of an investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. 
The Access Fund is offering Interests to Investors that arc -U.S. Persons" as defined in Rule 902 under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 'Securities Act'). If an Investor is a Non-U.S. person for 
U.S. tax purposes or becomes a Non-U.S. person for U.S. tax purposes after investing in the Access Fund, 
adverse tax consequences could result for the Investor. 
Propridocr am! 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038763 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184947 
EFTA01354169

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354170.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
II. 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
To understand this investment opportunity, a prospective investor should read both this summary of terms 
of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S), LP. (the 'Access Fund') and the summary of 
terms and conditions ofGlendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Pundit/. LP (together with its parallel 
investment funds and alternative investment funds. if applicable, the "Underlying Fund") in the attached 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund dated October 2017 (together with 
the first supplement thereto, and as it may be fitrther amended and/or supplemented from time to time, the 
"Underlying Fund PPM") and the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund, which shall be 
provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment Manager. 
The following information is presented as a summary of principal terms of the Access Fund and an 
investment in the Interests. This summary (and terms of the Access Fund described elsewhere in this 
Memorandum) is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Access Fund's Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Partnership 
Agreement'). and the subscription agreement and the related documentation with respect thereto (the 
"Subscription Agreement." and together with the Partnership Agreement, the 'Agreements'). copies of 
which will be provided to each prospective investor upon request. The forms of such Agreements should 
be reviewed carefully. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this summary and the Agreements. 
the Agreements will control. 
The Access Fund 
The General Partner 
The Investment Manager 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership (the "Access Fund"). 
The general partner of the Access Fund is Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 
-General Partner"). The General Partner is responsible for the overall 
management of the Access Fund, as described further in the Partnership 
Agreement. Unless othenvise specified, all actions referred to herein as 
being taken by the Access Fund will be performed by the General Partner 
or its delegates (including the Investment Manager as defined below). 
All references herein to the General Partner refer to the General Partner 
or the entities (such as the Investment Manager) to which the General 
Partner has delegated its authority as permitted under the Partnership 
Agreement. 
iCapital Advisors, LLC or an affiliate thereof will serve as the 
investment manager (the "Investment Manager") for the Access Fund, 
pursuant to an Investment Management Agreement (as defined below) 
with the General Partner. The General Partner will delegate the day-to-
day operations of the Access Fund to the Investment Manager. The 
Investment Manager may assign its rights and obligations under the 
Investment Management Agreement to any of its affiliates without 
consent of the Limited Partners. Pursuant to a delegation from the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager will generally have full 
investment discretion over the assets of the Access Fund and MI 
authority to conduct the day-to-day business and operations of the 
Access Fund. The Investment Manager will receive a management fee 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184948 
DB-SDNY-0038764 
EFTA01354170

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354171.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(the "Management Fee") in respect of the Access Fund, payable 
quarterly in advance by the Access Fund. See "Management Fee." 
This Memorandum refers to the investment management agreement for 
the Access Fund as the "Investment Management Agreement." The 
Investment Manager is responsible for exercising the Access Fund's 
rights with respect to its interest in the Underlying Fund. Except as 
described herein, the Investment Manager is not required to consult with, 
or obtain the approval of, any Limited Partner in exercising the Access 
Fund's rights in the Underlying Fund. See "Certain Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of Interest." 
Neither the Investment Manager, the General Partner nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be involved in, will oversee, or will 
have any responsibility for, the business, operations, investments or 
investment decisions of Glendower or the Underlying Fund. 
Purpose; Underlying Fund 
The purpose and business of the Access Fund is to invest substantially 
all of its investable assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV. LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with 
its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the 
-Underlying Fund"), as an equity holder thereof in accordance with the 
temis set forth in the Underlying Fund's constituent documents. 
The principal investment objective of the Underlying Fund is to generate 
attractive risk-adjusted investment returns, principally in the fonn of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, 
refinancing and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments 
including buyout, growth capital, venture capital, special situations, 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The investments arc 
expected to be in established generalist and specialist private equity fund 
structures on the secondary market and in private equity fund structures 
or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through 
bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The summary terms and conditions of an investment in the Underlying 
Fund are as set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM, a copy of which is 
attached hereto as Appendix A. 
To help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient amount of the Limited 
Partner's Subscriptions (as defined below) are available to pay expenses 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions 
to the Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, 
the General Partner is not required to set aside any such amounts, and 
may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund 
to the Underlying Fund (i.e., commits an amount to the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038765 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184949 
EFTA01354171

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354172.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Fund, which together with any expenses of the Access Fund, is greater 
than the total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund) the General Partner may need to fund Access Fund 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the 
distributions received from the Underlying Fund (in such case the 
Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. See -Borrowing." 
Offering; Investment in the 
Limited partner interests of the Access Fund (-Interests") are being 
Access Fund 
offered and sold in a private placement to certain U.S. investors 
(-Limited Partners", and, together with the General Partner, 
'Partners"). 
The Access Fund is designed for investors (-Investors') that are either 
(A) U.S. taxable investors or (B) investors that arc pension plans, Keogh 
plans, individual retirement accounts, tax-exempt institutions and other 
tax-exempt limited partners ("U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors") that are 
willing to receive material amounts of -unrelated business taxable 
income" (as defined under Sections 512 and 514 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) ("UBTI"). The Access Fund 
is not designed for (i) U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to 
receive material amounts of UBTI or (ii) investors that are not "U.S. 
persons" (as described in "Tax, Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations - Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations") 
("Non-U.S. Investors'). If a Limited Partner is a Non-U.S. Investor or 
becomes a Non-U.S. Investor for U.S. tax purposes after investing in the 
Access Fund, adverse tax consequences could result for the Limited 
Partner. Those U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish to receive 
any UBTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty benefits and Non-
U.S. Investors should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund 
(as defined below). See "Tax. Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations - Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" and 
"— Certain ERISA Considerations." Prospective investors should consult 
their own advisors regarding the U.S. and foreign tax consequences of 
an investment in the Access Fund or the Feeder Fund. 
Minimum Subscription 
The minimum capital commitment ("Subscription") by a Limited 
Partner will be $250,000. although the General Partner reserves the right 
to accept a Subscription of lesser amounts. Investors investing in the 
Access Fund rather than directly through the Underlying Fund will be 
subject to an additional layer of expenses. 
The minimum commitment to the Underlying Fund per investor is 
$5,000,000. although the Glendower GP may accept a lesser amount. 
Investors seeking to make a Subscription equal to or greater than 
$5,000,000 should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
See "Management Fee." 
The General Partner will not have a 
Subscription. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038766 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184950 
EFTA01354172

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354173.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Initial and Subsequent 
Closings 
The Access Fund may hold multiple closings. The General Partner will 
provide prospective Limited Partners with notice of the anticipated date 
of the initial closing (the "Initial Closing") of the Access Fund. The 
General Partner may admit additional Investors into the Access Fund or 
allow existing Limited Partners to increase their Subscriptions in 
subsequent closings until the final closing of the Access Fund (each such 
closing, a "Subsequent Closing" and the final Subsequent Closing, the 
-Final Closing"). Subsequent closings may be held after the Initial 
Closing until the date that is 3 months following the last date on which 
the Underlying Fund may hold a closing (it being understood that the 
Glendower GP is not required to accept any such additional commitment 
from the Access Fund). Each investor that becomes a Limited Partner 
(or that is already a Limited Partner and increases its Subscription) at 
any closing subsequent to the Initial Closing will be required to make a 
capital contribution at admission equal to (i) the amount of the 
contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the Access Fund 
attributable to such Investor's new or increased Subscription (which may 
include an interest component at a rate per annum equal to the higher of 
(A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period or such other amount as 
set forth in the Underlying Fund LPA), if any, if the Access Fund makes 
a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund, (ii) 
its proportionate share of all funded expenses of the Access Fund 
(excluding the Management Fee) and, to the extent not duplicative of (i) 
above, its proportionate sham of all funded Subscriptions of Investors 
admitted in prior closings, including if applicable, in connection with 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested 
in the Underlying Fund, (iii) the amount of the Management Fee that 
would have been payable in respect of such Investor had such Investor 
subscribed for an Interest at the Initial Closing and (iv) an amount 
computed as interest on the amounts set forth under (i) through (iii) 
above at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and 
(B) 8% for the period from the due date or dates on which the other 
Partners were required to make their earlier contributions to the date of 
such contribution. Amounts paid by any Limited Partner as interest on 
(ii) above, shall be paid to the Access Fund for the account of Limited 
Partners that participated in prior closings and any amounts paid by any 
Limited Partner as interest on (iii) above, shall be paid to the Investment 
Manager and not to the Access Fund or any other Limited Partner. Any 
contributions by a Limited Partner to the Access Fund to fund late 
closing interest under (iv) shall not reduce the unpaid portion of such 
Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner will be required 
to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund any late 
closing intcrcst, if applicable) and any such interest amounts credited to 
the account of Limited Partners shall not increase the unpaid 
Subscriptions of such Limited Partners who receive such interest. 
Failure to pay subsequent interest as calculated in (iv) above will be 
considered a default under the Partnership Agreement. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038767 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184951 
EFTA01354173

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354174.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
The Access Fund will make its investment in the Underlying Fund at 
closings of the Underlying Fund on or after the Initial Closing, and if 
any Limited Partner increases its Subscription or any additional Limited 
Partners are admitted to the Access Fund at a Subsequent Closing, the 
Access Fund may make additional investments in the Underlying Fund, 
upon subsequent closings of the Underlying Fund, at the discretion of 
the Investment Manager, contemporaneously with or subsequent to the 
date of any increase in Subscriptions or admission of additional Limited 
Partners. In the event that a Subsequent Closing occurs after the Access 
Fund's initial investment in the Underlying Fund, existing Investors' 
interests in the Underlying Fund may be diluted to the extent that the 
Access Fund does not subsequently make a corresponding additional 
investment in the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no 
obligation to make a corresponding additional investment in the 
Underlying Fund in connection with any Subsequent Closing. 
Term 
Investors admitted at Subsequent Closings will participate in the Access 
Fund's existing investments in the Underlying Fund, which may dilute 
the Interests of existing Limited Partners and may indirectly participate 
in the existing investments of the Underlying Fund, to the extent the 
Access Fund is permitted by the general partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Glendower GP") to participate in such existing investments, 
which may dilute the Interests of existing Limited Partners and partners 
of the Underlying Fund, including the Access Fund. For the avoidance 
of doubt, investments made and disposed of prior to a particular 
Subsequent Closing will not be allocated to any Investors admitted at 
such Subsequent Closing. Although Investors admitted at Subsequent 
Closings will make capital contributions such that all Investors will have 
made proportional capital contributions (based on their Subscriptions) to 
the Access Fund, there can be no assurances that the amount paid by 
such Investors will reflect the fair value of their pro raw share of the 
Underlying Fund at the time of the Subsequent Closings. 
The term of the Access Fund is currently expected to end within one year 
following the dissolution of the Underlying Fund, but may be extended 
fin two additional one-year periods beyond the one-year anniversary of 
the dissolution of the Underlying Fund at the discretion of the General 
Partner or may be terminated, liquidated and dissolved earlier in certain 
limited situations outlined in the Partnership Agreement. 
Parallel Access Funds and The General Partner may form one or more limited partnerships or other 
Feeder Funds 
investment vehicles to invest in parallel with the Access Fund (each, a 
"Parallel Access Fund") and/or feeder funds, including the Offshore 
Access Fund (as defined below) (collectively, -Feeder Funds') in order 
to comply with securities laws or to address tax, legal, regulatory or other 
issues of investors in such entity or program. The Access Fund, any 
Parallel Access Fund and any Feeder Fund (including the Offshore 
Access Fund) shall share common fees and expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038768 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184952 
EFTA01354174

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354175.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
entity. directly or indirectly, in the Underlying Fund, to the extent 
practicable. 
In particular, the General Partner or the Investment Manager will form 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Offshore Access Fund", and together with the Access Fund, the 
"Access Funds") for certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors not 
willing to receive material amounts of UBTI and certain qualified Non-
U.S. Investors. The Offshore Access Fund is expected to be a Cayman 
Islands exempted limited partnership and other than assets used to cover 
Offshore Access Fund expenses, the Offshore Access Fund will invest 
all of the Subscriptions made by the limited partners of the Offshore 
Access Fund in the Access Fund. 
Although Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds arc expected to invest 
on similar terms and conditions to the Access Fund, such Parallel Access 
Funds or Feeder Funds may have the same or different terms (including 
terms that are more favorable) than those described herein, provided, 
that any such Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds will only accept 
subscriptions from "qualified purchasers," as defined in the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment 
Company Act"), and interests will be offered and sold only to investors 
who arc "accredited investors" within the meaning given to such term in 
Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Capital Calls 
Each Limited Partner's capital contributions will be payable when called 
by the General Partner to meet anticipated Access Fund expenses and 
liabilities and to make contributions to the Underlying Fund. Each 
Limited Partner's capital contribution shall generally be due upon 
business days' written notice, except in certain limited circumstances 
where the General Partner 
deems it prudent to require capital 
contributions to be made on shorter notice. The General Partner may 
require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner 
will provide written notice of the exact size and timing of any such initial 
capital contribution in advance of the Initial Closing of the Access Fund. 
A Limited Partner who fails to make its capital contributions in a timely 
manner including in connection with recalls of Distributions or who 
otherwise fails to make a payment required by the Access Fund 
(including (i) expenses incurred in respect of transfers (ii) expenses 
incurred by the General Partner or the Access Fund to the extent that any 
tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General 
Partner or the Access Fund because of the identity, jurisdiction or action 
of the Limited Partner (including the election not to receive Schedule K-
electronically) and (iii) any applicable interest charged in connection 
with a Subsequent Closing) may suffer substantial penalties with respect 
to its Interest, including, a total forfeiture of such Interest. In addition, 
any (i) material breach by a Limited Partner of its representations and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038769 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184953 
EFTA01354175

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354176.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
warranties in its Subscription Agreement and (ii) any failure by a 
Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General 
Partner or Investment Manager in connection with anti-money 
laundering or similar programs, sill be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In the event that the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
the Underlying Fund as a result of the failure of a Limited Partner to 
make a capital contribution to the Access Fund, the Underlying Fund 
may impose certain remedies against the Access Fund, including, 
potentially causing the Access Fund to forfeit all or a portion of its 
interest in the Underlying Fund. 
Bifurcated Default 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the "Defaulted Amount"), the General Partner may 
call additional capital from the Limited Partners that have already made 
the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions) to the extent necessary to fund the Defaulted Amount. 
If the Access Fund fails to contribute all or any portion of any call 
amount set forth in a funding notice received from the Underlying Fund 
(an "Access Fund Default"), and such failure results from the failure of 
one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited Partner, a "Defaulting 
Access Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital 
call issued by the Access Fund, then Glendower has agreed to only treat 
the Access Fund as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined in the limited 
partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund, (as may be amended or 
otherwise supplemented from time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA')) 
with respect to the portion of the Access Fund's interest in the 
Underlying Fund that has defaulted. In addition, the General Partner has 
agreed that, if the Glendower GP so requests upon any Access Fund 
Default, the General Partner, or the Investment Manager on its behalf, 
shall cause the Access Fund to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the 
General Partner will delegate to the Underlying Fund, the authority to 
exercise directly for the direct benefit of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in the Partnership Agreement against a 
Defaulting Access Fund Investor as if they were a Defaulting Partner, 
and the General Partner will provide such assistance as is reasonably 
requested by the Glendower GP in connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of the Partnership 
Agrccmcnt, in order to equitably determine the rights and obligations of 
any Limited Partner with respect to the Underlying Fund, the General 
Partner may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund, any default penalties imposed by the 
Glendower GP may be allocated solely by the General Partner to the 
applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the maximum extent 
possible. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038770 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184954 
EFTA01354176

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354177.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
The General Partner shall have the sole discretion to apply the default 
provisions to each investor in any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis 
as if such investor was a direct limited partner of the Access Fund instead 
of applying such provisions directly to such Feeder Fund. 
Distributions 
Capital Accounts; 
Allocations 
Organizational and 
Offering Expenses 
Access Fund Expenses 
Distributions from the Underlying Fund received by the Access Fund 
will generally be distributed to the Limited Partners (including any 
Feeder Funds) pro rata based on their respective Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund (excluding any Defaulting Partners, if applicable) as 
promptly as practicable. The Access Fund will be entitled to withhold 
from any Distribution amounts necessary to create, in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, reserves for the payment of Access Fund 
expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
Liquidating distributions will be made in accordance with positive 
capital account balances. 
It is intended that capital accounts will be maintained in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax guidelines. In general, items of income, gain, 
loss and deduction will be allocated to the Limited Partners' capital 
accounts in a manner consistent with the distribution procedures outlined 
above. 
The Access Fund, and the Limited Partners in the Access Fund 
(including any Feeder Fund) will bear all organizational and offering 
expenses incurred by the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager 
(-Organizational Expenses") (including legal, travel, accounting, tax 
advisory expenses, start-up filing, capital-raising and other expenses, 
organizational and other start-up expenses of the General Partner, and 
custodial and administrative costs) in connection with the formation of 
the Access Fund, any Feeder Fund and the offering of the Interests. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing Organizational Expenses do not 
include expenses incurred by Placement Agents (as defined below). 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; Organizational Expenses: liquidation 
expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; 
expenses and fees related to accounting, audits of the Access Fund's 
books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns and 
other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
(-FATCA1 and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"): costs 
of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to 
and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038771 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184955 
EFTA01354177

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354178.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354178.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs 
or expenses in connection with the Access Fund's admission to the 
Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying 
Fund and any subsequent closing interest charged to the Access Fund); 
extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or 
similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of 
securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment 
banking, commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording 
fees and expenses. administrative (including any fees and expenses of 
the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Access Fund 
and any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each 
case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities 
by the Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is 
consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation of torn' documentation in respect 
of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement 
to provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the 
process for Limited Partners to sell all or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as 
travel, research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on 
behalf of the Access Fund in respect of the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses 
(including travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, 
or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the 
Placement Agents, whether internal or provided by a third party service 
provider, utilized for risk management, measurement and valuation 
purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility 
or regulatory obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to 
protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, 
directors, employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses 
associated with the ongoing operations of any alternative investment 
vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; legal and 
recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, accountants and other third-party service 
providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment 
vehicles, including tax preparation expenses: expenses relating to any 
audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the foregoing, Access Fund expenses will 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038772 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184958 
EFTA01354178

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354179.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all of the 
operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, 
the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses of 
the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder 
Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund): provided, 
however, that operating expenses that arc uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined with respect to, and paid separately by, 
such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner in 
its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid 
portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription 
to fund their sham of Access Fund expenses). 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Funds) will indirectly bear the cost of the Access 
Fund's pro rota share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and 
expenses payable by the Access Fund as a limited partner of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund 
expenses by virtue of being a Limited Partner of the Access Fund. To 
the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred 
by the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of 
the Access Fund and/or any Parallel Access Funds established in 
connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying 
Fund, the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the 
Access Fund and such Parallel Access Funds as it reasonably deems 
appropriate. 
Management Fee 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment 
Manager shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the 
Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). The Management Fee amount 
contributed by each Limited Partner to the Access Fund shall reduce the 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited 
Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its 
Subscription to fund the Management Fee). The Access Fund shall pay 
the aggregate amount of such Management Fee assessed with respect to 
the Limited Partners to the Investment Manager. 
Commencing upon the "Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as 
defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) and for each fiscal quarter 
thereafter through the first date on which the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a 
Limited Farmer shall be an amount equal to the product of the 
Management Fee Rate (as defined below) applicable to such Limited 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038773 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184957 
EFTA01354179

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354180.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Partner multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. After 
the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each 
fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to the product of the Management 
Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate sham (based upon Subscriptions) of the Access 
Fund's proportionate share of capital contributions in respect of all 
"Invested Capital" (as defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) of the 
Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the Access 
Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated 
based on Invested Capital 
in accordance with (C) below. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Manager in its sole 
discretion may elect to waive or otherwise reduce the Management Fee 
attributable to any Limited Partner. 
The "Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
-investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 
0.25% per quarter); provided, that the Management Fee Rate for (i) a 
Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is 
less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per 
quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds 
$5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); (B) 
from the first date on which the -investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund has permanently expired until the second anniversary of such date 
is 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided, that the 
Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription 
equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60% 
per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose 
Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum 
(i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a 
Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately preceding year 
or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited 
Partner's Invested Capital. 
The Management Fee that is charged by the Access Fund to a Limited 
Partner shall be paid to the Investment Manager. The Investment 
Manager will pay a material portion of the amount received to the 
Placement Agents in exchange for certain servicing functions rendered 
by the Placement Agents. The portion of the Management Fee received 
may differ among Placement Agents. 
•The Management Fee will be payable in advance on a quarterly basis 
from the Initial Closing. 
The foregoing fee is exclusive of the amount of the Underlying Fund 
Management Fee payable in respect of the Access Fund as a limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund. In addition, the Limited Partners will 
indirectly pay carried interest to the Glendower GP by virtue of the 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038774 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84958 
EFTA01354180

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354181.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Placement Agent; 
Placement Fee 
Marketing and Fund 
Servicing Fees 
Underlying Fund 
Management Fee 
Access Fund being a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. See 
-Access Mind Erpenses" and "Underlying Fund Management Fee." 
The Access Fund will utilize Raymond James & Associates, Inc. or 
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. (each separately and 
collectively referred to as "Raymond James") or an affiliate thereof, to 
serve as a placement agent, and may also utilize additional placement 
agents (each, of Raymond James or such other placement agent, a 
"Placement Agent"), in its sole discretion. 
At the time of the relevant closing of the Access Fund, each Limited 
Partner shall be required to directly pay their applicable Placement 
Agent or its affiliate a one-time upfront sales charge or placement fee (a 
"Placement Fee") in connection with such Limited Partner's 
Subscription. The Placement Fee will equal up to 2.0% of the Limited 
Partner's Subscription, as determined by the applicable Placement 
Agent, and shall not be considered a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund or part of such Limited Partner's Subscription. All expenses 
(including marketing costs) of the Placement Agents shall be borne by 
the Placement Agents. Each Placement Agent, in its sole discretion, will 
have the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee payable 
by any particular Limited Partner. 
The fees payable to the Placement Agent that refers an Investor will be 
disclosed to such Investor prior to its admission to the Access Fund. 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also act as 
placement agent or in a similar capacity for the Underlying Fund, and 
receive a placement fee from the Glendower GP or an affiliate based on 
the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also 
receive a placement fee for each referred direct investor commitment to 
the Underlying Fund. 
As described in detail in Section 6 - "General Partner's Share" in the 
Underlying Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), Glendower will 
be entitled to receive a management fee (the "Underlying Fund 
Management Fee"), payable on January 1, April 1, July I, October 1, 
at an annual rate of initially 1.10% (which reflects a 0.15% discount 
given to the Access Fund by the Underlying Fund, and which is not 
therefore referred to in the Underlying Fund PPM) of the Access Funds' 
capital commitment to the Underlying Fund, calculated as described in 
more detail in the Underlying Fund PPM and the Underlying Fund LPA, 
which shall be provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment 
Manager. 
Investors making a Subscription equal to or greater than $5 million 
should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038775 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184959 
EFTA01354181

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354182.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Underlying Fund Carried 
Interest 
Indemnification 
Withdrawal and Transfer 
As described in detail in Section 6 — "Distributions" in the Underlying 
Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), the Glendower GP is 
entitled to receive "carried interest" distributions equal to 12.5% of the 
Underlying Fund's net profits subject to an eight percent (8%) preferred 
return with a full catch up provision for the Glendower GP. The actual 
amount of any such carried interest payment is based in part upon the 
Underlying Fund's achievement of certain returns. The foregoing 
description is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by the 
Underlying Fund LPA, and prospective investors must review the 
Underlying Fund documents for a detailed description of the manner in 
which the Underlying Fund intends to make carried interest 
distributions. 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, 
the respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets 
of the Access Fund, including the capital calls from the Limited Partners 
(which capital calls for indemnification expenses am outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from any recalled Distributions (see 
Capital 
Calls"), against certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in 
the Underlying Fund. the Access Fund (and indirectly the Limited 
Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts 
will be callable from Limited Partners of the Access Fund to the full 
extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of distributions. 
Limited Partners may not withdraw from the Access Fund prior to its 
dissolution, provided that a Limited Partner may, with the consent of the 
General Partner in accordance with the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement, transfer its Interests to a Feeder Fund. In addition, Limited 
Partners may not sell, assign or transfer any of their Interests, rights or 
obligations in the Access Fund except with the consent of the General 
Partner, and such consent may be withheld or delayed in the sole and 
absolute discretion of the General Partner. Should the General Partner 
consent to a sale, transfer, assignment or other disposition of a Limited 
Partner's Interest, the transferring Limited Partner or its transferee will 
be required to pay Transfer Expenses (as defined in the Partnership 
Agreement), which shall be at least $5,000 and shall be sufficient to pay 
all costs incurred in connection with any such transfer. Any transferring 
Limited Partner and such Limited Partner's transferee shall, jointly and 
severally, be required to reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the 
General Partner, for any expenses reasonably incurred by the Partnership 
in connection with such Transfer. The General Partner may require the 
complete or partial withdrawal of a Limited Partner in certain limited 
instances (as described in the Partnership Agreement). Transfer 
Expenses paid by a Limited Partner or transferee shall not reduce the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038776 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184980 
EFTA01354182

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354183.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription. Failure to pay 
any applicable Transfer Expenses will be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement and any amount due may be deducted directly 
from distributions payable to the Limited Partner or transferee. 
Reports and Meetings 
United States Federal 
Income Tax Aspects of the 
Access Fund 
Annually, the Access Fund will furnish audited financial statements to 
all Limited Partners. In addition, each Limited Partner will be provided 
annually with an U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Schedule K-1 
(or equivalent report). On a quarterly basis, each Limited Partner will 
receive a quarterly report and unaudited statement of capital account of 
the Access Fund. None of the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates will take any responsibility for the 
accuracy or completeness of information provided by, or based upon 
information provided by, the Underlying Fund. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Limited Partners will be 
treated as partners investing in a partnership, the Access Fund. The 
Access Fund's ability to report to Limited Partners information 
regarding its income, gains, losses and deductions is dependent upon its 
receipt of such information from the Underlying Fund. The Access Fund 
anticipates that it will not be able to deliver Schedules K-1 in respect of 
a particular year to Limited Partners prior to April 15 of the following 
year. Accordingly, Limited Partners will be required to obtain 
extensions for filing their federal, state and local income tax returns. 
If the Access Fund does not receive all of the required information in a 
timely manner, it may need to rely on estimates in preparing its tax return 
and any schedules thereto (including Schedules K-1). 
The Access Fund expects to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. The Access Fund has been structured for Limited 
Partners that arc U.S. residents subject to U.S. federal income tax and 
certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI. While the Access Fund is available to U.S. Tax-
Exempt Investors, the Access Fund will not take any steps to avoid 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to such persons. Thus, 
by investing in the Access Fund, a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor should 
expect to recognize material amounts of UBTI, which will require the 
filing of tax returns and payment of taxes. The Access Fund is not 
designed for U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that arc not willing to receive 
material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish 
to receive any USTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty 
benefits should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund. The 
Access Fund is not being offered to Non-U.S. Investors and Non-U.S. 
Investors shall not be eligible to invest in the Access Fund. Non-U.S. 
Investors should, if eligible, instead consider an investment in the 
Offshore Access Fund. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038777 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184981 
EFTA01354183

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354184.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with specific 
reference to their own situations as they relate to an investment in the 
Access Fund. 
Certain ERISA 
The General Partner intends to conduct the operations of the Access 
Considerations 
Fund so that it will be an appropriate investment for employee benefit 
plans subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
and (unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor 
statute thereto ("ERISA"). The Access Fund may require certain 
representations or assurances from investors subject to ERISA to 
determine compliance with ERISA provisions. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of each class of equity interests 
(disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) 
in the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, 
and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan 
assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. 
Accordingly, the General Partner may not approve the purchase of an 
Interest by or proposed transfer of an Interest to a person that has 
represented that it is a "benefit plan investor" or to a Controlling Person 
to the extent that such purchase or transfer would result in lrenefit plan 
investors" owning 25% or more of the value of the interests in the Access 
Fund immediately after such purchase or proposed transfer (such 
percentage determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
Limited Partner Giveback 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other 
liability or is otherwise required to return distributions to the Underlying 
Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in 
its capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund), each Limited 
Partner may be required to return distributions received from the Access 
Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided. however, that the aggregate amount of such returns from any 
Limited Partner shall not exceed the aggregate amount of distributions 
received by such Limited Partner (it being understood that additional 
amounts may be called from Limited Partners in respect of 
indemnification expenses, which amounts arc outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription). 
Amendments; Voting 
The Partnership Agreement may generally be amended with the consent 
of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners, 
subject to certain limitations set forth in the Partnership Agreement. The 
Partnership Agreement sets forth certain other procedures for its 
amendment, including provisions regarding negative consent and also 
allowing the General Partner to amend the Partnership Agreement 
without the consent of the Limited Partners in certain circumstances, 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038778 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184962 
EFTA01354184

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354185.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
including (i) to the extent such amendment does not subject any Limited 
Partner to any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or 
waive in any material respect the duties and obligations of the General 
Partner to the Access Fund or the Limited Partners, (ii) to cure any 
ambiguity or correct or supplement any provision in the Partnership 
Agreement which may be inconsistent with any other provision therein 
or to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that the Partnership 
Agreement shall accurately reflect the agreement among the Partners, 
(iii) is necessary in order to comply with any fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (iv) to address 
changes in financial, regulatory or tax legislation, which amendment 
may include reorganizing or reconstituting the Access Fund, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the 
economic returns of the Limited Partners. The General Partner and the 
Investment Manager intends to cause the Access Fund to vote its interest 
in the Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
The General Partner and the Investment Manager will not consult the 
Limited Partners when voting the interests of the Access Fund and will 
endeavor to vote in a way that benefits the Access Fund as a whole. As 
such, a Limited Partner's individual interest may differ from that of the 
Access Fund and therefore the vote may not be consistent with how the 
Limited Partner would have voted if provided with the opportunity. The 
Limited Partners of the Access Fund will not have the right to vote 
on any matters requiring the vote of the Access Fund in its capacity 
as an investor in the Underlying Fund. 
Borrowing 
The Access Fund may enter into a credit facility (a -Credit Facility") 
with a third party, which Credit Facility may be secured by drawdowns 
of Subscriptions, for purposes of temporarily funding all, or any portion 
of, any anticipated capital calls by the Underlying Fund in respect of the 
Limited Partners' Subscriptions or expenses or liabilities of the Access 
Fund in advance of receipt of such amounts from the Limited Partners 
and to cover the Access Fund's over-commitment to the Underlying 
Fund or defaults by Limited Partners. 
See "Capital Calls" and 
"Purpose: Underlying Fund" 
Such borrowings may require the Investment Manager, on behalf of the 
General Partner, to pledge all or a portion of the property of the Access 
Fund and/or the Subscriptions to the Access Fund to secure such a loan. 
In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the 
rights to issue drawdown notices and to receive capital contributions to 
a third party. Limited Partners may be required to provide banks or other 
financial 
institutions 
with financial 
information 
and 
other 
documentation reasonably required to obtain borrowings. 
Repayment of the principal and the interest (and any related fees and 
expenses) amount of any such borrowings will be made from the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038779 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184983 
EFTA01354185

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354186.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Subject to the limitations set forth in the relevant Underlying Fund LPA, 
the Underlying Fund may incur indebtedness, provide credit support and 
guarantee the obligations of portfolio companies and certain other 
obligations at both the Underlying Fund-level and with respect to 
obligations of their respective portfolio companies. 
Borrowings by the Underlying Fund may make it more difficult for the 
Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. 
If the Access Fund is not able to borrow sufficient fluids to fund any 
fund obligations in advance of receipt of such amounts from Limited 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution obligations towards the Underlying 
Fund and may be treated as a defaulting investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA with respect to the Access Fund's entire interest. 
In particular, the Access Fund may be unable to borrow sufficient funds 
or obtain favorable terms due to the Underlying Fund's borrowing of 
funds pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. 
Investor Eligibility 
Confidentiality 
Each investor must be an -accredited investor" (as defined within the 
meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act), a "qualified client" (as defined in Rule 205-3 of the 
Investment Company Act) and a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the investment Company Act). 
Confidential information provided to the Limited Partners may not be 
disclosed to any person other than to its officers, fiduciaries, employees, 
agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors, who 
have a business need to know such confidential information, who have 
been infomied of the confidential nature of such confidential 
information, and who are, either by the nature of their positions or duties 
or pursuant to written agreement. subject to substantially equivalent 
restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the confidential 
information as are set forth in the Partnership Agreement 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to 
comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section l.6011-4(6)(3)(i), each 
investor (and any employee, representative, or other agent of such 
investor) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any 
kind, the U.S. federal, state, or local income tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Access Fund or any transactions undertaken by the 
Access Fund, it being understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the 
name of, or any other identifying information regarding (A) the Access 
Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in the 
Access Fund, or (B) any investment or transaction entered into by the 
Access Fund, and (ii) any performance information relating to the 
Access Fund or its investments. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
IS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038780 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184984 
EFTA01354186

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354187.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354187.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Investor Information 
Legal Counsel 
Auditor, Administrator 
and Custodian 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA, the 
General Partner may be required to provide certain Limited Partner 
information to the Glendower GP for a variety of reasons. In addition, 
the General Partner may provide certain information to the other Limited 
Partners, as well as to the Access Fund's accountants, attorneys and 
other service providers as necessary to effect, administer and enforce the 
Access Fund and its Partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may 
be required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP ("Cleary Gottlieb") serves as 
U.S. legal counsel to the General Partner, the Investment Manager and 
certain of their affiliates. Maples and Calder has been retained as 
Cayman Islands legal counsel to the Access Funds, General Partner. 
Investment Manager and certain of their affiliates. Cleary Gottlieb and 
Maples and Calder, which do not represent the Underlying Fund or 
Glendower. also advise the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and certain of their affiliates on their respective obligations to the Access 
Funds. However, no attorney-client relationship exists between either 
Cleary Gottlieb or Maples and Calder and any other person solely by 
reason of such other person making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Each investor should consult with its own counsel as to the legal and tax 
aspects of an investment in the Access Fund and its suitability for such 
investor. 
KPMG or another nationally recognized auditing firm will act as 
Auditor. An independent third party will act as Administrator and 
Custodian. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038781 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184965 
EFTA01354187

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354188.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
III. 
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Potential investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in the Access Fund, which include, 
but are not limited to, the risks outlined below as well as the detailed discussion with regard to risks and 
conflicts of interest generally applicable to the Underlying Fund set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM 
(attached hereto in Appendix A). All private fund investments involve a risk of loss of capital. No 
assurances can be given that the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund will achieve their investment 
objectives or that Limited Partners will not suffer loss. By making the Access Fund available, neither the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any of their respective affiliates is providing investment 
advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an investment in the Access Fund or the 
Underlying Fund. An investment in the Access Fund is highly speculative and involves certain risks and 
conflicts of interest that prospective investors should consider carefully before subscribing. The following 
discusses certain risks and is not exhaustive, and other risks and conflicts not discussed below may arise in 
connection with the management and operation of the Access Fund. 
Business and Market Risks The investments made by the Underlying Fund and indirectly by the Access 
Fund may involve a high degree of business and financial risk that can result in substantial losses. In 
particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition or prospects of the entity in which 
the investment is made, changes in national or international economic and market conditions, and changes 
in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions of countries in which investments are made, 
including the risks of war and the effects of terrorist attacks. The impact of such events or other instances 
of war or natural disaster, is unclear but could have material adverse effects on general economic conditions 
and market liquidity, resulting in a partial or total loss of capital, and Investors should not invest unless they 
can readily bear the consequences of such loss. 
Placement Agents The Placement Agents, including Raymond James, will receive, in respect of an 
Investor introduced to the Access Fund, a Placement Fee in an amount up to 2.0% of such Investor's 
Subscription, directly from such Investor for advisory services. The Placement Fee may differ among 
Placement Agents. In addition, depending upon each such Limited Partner's assets under management, 
among other factors, certain of these Limited Partners may compensate a particular Placement Agent at 
higher levels than other such Limited Partners. Accordingly, the Placement Agents and/or their respective 
affiliates may receive higher levels of compensation in connection with investments by some Limited 
Partners than they receive in connection with investments by other Limited Partners. Any such Placement 
Fee may be waived or reduced in respect of any particular Investor without thereby entitling any other 
Investor to a similar waiver or reduction. In addition, the Placement Agents will receive from the 
Investment Manager a portion of the Management Fee on an ongoing basis. As the Placement Agents will 
receive ongoing compensation in respect of the Interests, they will have a conflict of interest in the form of 
an additional financial incentive to the Placement Agents and their respective equity owners and investment 
representatives to refer Investors to the Access Fund and in consulting with Investors as to the purchase of 
Interests. Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described above, the Placement Agents 
may benefit financially from referring Investors to the Access Fund rather than to other products that may 
also be appropriate for particular Investors. 
In addition, Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also receive a placement fee or other 
fee from Glendower based on the aggregate capital commitment of the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund, 
which would further incentivize the Placement Agents to refer Investors to the Access Fund. Finally, 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also receive a placement or other fee from 
Glendower on each referred "direct investor commitment" to the Underlying Fund. Such fee will result in 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038782 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184988 
EFTA01354188

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354189.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354189.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Raymond James and the other the Placement Agents having additional conflicts of interest with respect to 
the purchase of Interests by Investors. 
Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund. The Access Fund is an investment vehicle being 
formed to facilitate the investment of certain categories of investors into the Underlying Fund. The Access 
Fund's sole objective is to invest in the Underlying Fund and, other than such investment, the Access Fund 
is not expected to have any material operations. Substantially all of the capital contributions to the Access 
Fund will be contributed by the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund, and the Limited Partners will receive 
an indirect interest in the Underlying Fund. Because the sole purpose of the Access Fund is to acquire an 
interest in the Underlying Fund, all of the risk factors and disclosures of potential conflicts set forth in the 
Underlying Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the Access Fund. Therefore, 
prospective Investors must also carefully review the Underlying Fund PPM, including the more detailed 
and comprehensive summary of risks related to an investment in the Underlying Fund. 
In addition to the risks and conflicts of interest described in the Underlying Fund PPM, which generally 
apply to the Access Fund and the Interests, Investors should note, among other things, the Access Fund will 
be a newly formed entity (i) that will not be registered under the Investment Company Act, (ii) that will 
issue illiquid securities that are not registered under the Securities Act or any other laws, (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Interests of which will be subject to restrictions on transfer and 
will have no public market, (v) which will not be permitted to make full or partial withdrawals from the 
Underlying Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Fund's governing agreement (except in very 
limited circumstances) and (vi) with respect to which, investors may lose the entire amount of their 
investment. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will realize its rate of return objectives, will 
realize similar returns to past funds or investments sponsored by Glendower or its affiliates or will return 
any investor capital. The returns of the Access Fund will depend almost entirely on the performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will be able to 
implement its investment objective and strategy or avoid substantial losses. Certain ongoing operating 
expenses of the Access Fund, which will be in addition to those expenses borne by the Access Fund as an 
investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g., carried interest, management fees, Underlying Fund expenses, 
organizational expenses and other expenses and liabilities borne by investors in the Underlying Fund), 
generally will be borne by the Access Fund and the Limited Partners, resulting in Investors in the Access 
Fund paying multiple layers of expense that will have a corresponding impact on the returns to the Limited 
Partners. Such additional expenses of the Access Fund will reduce the Access Fund's performance relative 
to the Underlying Fund. Pending investment in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund may invest a portion 
of its assets in short-term interest bearing accounts which would not meet the Underlying Fund's overall 
return objectives. 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and its affiliates. There have been 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038783 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184987 
EFTA01354189

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354190.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles investing in third-party fluids 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership Agreement will provide %r 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fiord the Access Fund's indemnity obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be bome by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any of their 
affiliates is providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an 
investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. None of the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager, nor any of their respective affiliates and personnel are required to devote all or any specified 
portion of their time to managing the Access Fund's affairs, or from engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not competitive with the Access Fund. Each prospective investor in the Access 
Fund should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, financial and related risks 
and conflicts concerning an investment in the Access Fund. 
The General Partner cannot currently predict the timing and amounts of the capital contributions that will 
be required to be made by Limited Partners to the Access Fund. Such capital contributions may be called 
on an irregular basis. The General Partner may require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner will provide written 
notice of the exact size and timing of such initial capital contribution, if any, in advance of such Initial 
Closing of the Access Fund. 
Co-Investment Opportunities. The Glendower GP may offer co-investment opportunities with respect to 
certain investments to be made by the Underlying Fund and may allocate any such opportunities among 
interested parties in the Glendower GP's sole discretion. The Access Fund will not participate in co-
investment opportunities, which may result in lower total returns realized by the Access Fund relative to 
other investors in the Underlying Fund who participate in co-investment opportunities. 
Compensation. iCapital Securities, LLC often receives a placement fee as a result of its placement of 
certain investors in certain private investment funds available via the iCapital Network ("iCapital Funds"). 
The prospect of receiving such compensation creates an incentive for iCapital Securities, LLC to place 
investors in the iCapital Funds from which it receives a placement fee or may in the future receive such a 
fee over other investment vehicles from which it does not receive a placement fee. With respect to this 
Access Fund, the Investment Manager will be entitled to receive an ongoing investor servicing fee from 
Glendower for services performed in respect of the Access Fund and its investment in the Underlying Fund 
based on the total capital commitment of the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund. Such fee will result in 
the Investment Manager having additional conflicts of interest with respect to the purchase of Interests by 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038784 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184988 
EFTA01354190

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354191.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354191.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Investors. The General Partner and the Investment Manager will retain and compensate registered 
investment advisers or Placement Agents for the purpose of marketing and selling the Interests. Any such 
arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or a Placement Agent to recommend the 
Interests to investors where they might not otherwise make such recommendation or to recommend the 
Interests to investors over another investment. Certain management persons of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager (or their respective affiliates) are also involved with soliciting investment advisers to 
participate in the iCapital Network and in performing diligence on such investment advisers with which to 
launch access vehicles, such as the Access Fund. Such relationships may create potential conflicts of 
interest. The General Partner and the Investment Manager address these conflicts by providing in their 
Code of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best interests of each investor and by 
providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of interest and how such conflicts are 
resolved under the General Partner and the Investment Manager's policies and procedures. Furthermore, 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based compensation received by the 
General Partner (or its affiliates). 
Other Funds or Managed Account Agreements with Similar Strategies. The General Partner and/or 
Glendower may, in each of their sole discretion, manage other funds, and/or enter into management or 
advisory agreements with respect to managed accounts or other similar arrangements (collectively, 
"Managed Accounts") that provide an investment strategy and program similar to that of the Underlying 
Fund or conduit fund into such funds. As a result of such other funds and Managed Accounts, certain 
investors with access to investment programs similar to that of the Underlying Fund may receive additional 
benefits (including, but not limited to, reduced fee obligations, the ability to withdraw from a Managed 
Account or other fund on shorter notice and/or expanded informational rights) that Limited Partners in the 
Access Fund will not receive. Neither the Access Fund nor the Underlying Fund will be required to notify 
any or all of the Limited Partners in the Access Fund of any such Managed Account or other funds or any 
of the rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor %% ill the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund be required 
to offer such different rights and/or terms to any or all of the Limited Partners in the Access Fund. The 
General Partner and/or Glendower may enter into such Managed Accounts with any party as it may 
determine in its sole discretion at any time. To the extent that the General Partner or its affiliates invests in 
any Managed Account with a similar strategy or that competes with the Underlying Fund or any investment 
of the Underlying Fund, the General Partner or its affiliates will not be obligated to take into account the 
interests of the Access Fund and may take positions and actions that are potentially contrary or adverse to 
the interests of the Access Fund and the Limited Partners. The Partners will have no recourse against the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, Glendower and/or any of their affiliates with respect to any of the 
foregoing. 
Valuation of the Assets of the Access Fund The Investment Manager will value the securities held by the 
Access Fund. When no market exists, or it is not possible for the Investment Manager to obtain market 
quotations for the securities or investments held by the Access Fund, the Investment Manager will generally 
value such securities and investments in good faith and based on the valuation of such assets received from 
the Underlying Fund, or if the Underlying Fund does not provide the Investment Manager with such a 
valuation, based on other information it considers relevant. Because there is significant uncertainty as to 
the valuation of illiquid investments, the values of such investments may not necessarily reflect the values 
that could actually be realized by the Access Fund. Under certain conditions the Access Fund may be forced 
to sell investments at lower prices than it had expected to realize or defer—potentially for a considerable 
period of time—sales that it had planned to make. In addition, under limited circumstances, the Investment 
Manager may not have access to all material information relevant to a valuation analysis with respect to 
investments. As a result, the valuation of the Access Fund's investments, and as a result the valuation of 
the Interests themselves, may be based on imperfect information and is subject to inherent uncertainties. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038785 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184969 
EFTA01354191

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354192.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354192.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Fidelity Relationship The Investment Manager has entered into collaboration and services agreements 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC (collectively, referred to as 
"Fidelity') pursuant to which the Investment Manager compensates Fidelity for providing certain 
administrative services in respect of investors who custody their investment in one or more iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not bear any Fidelity custodial fees 
in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of the Investment Manager, is typically a percentage 
of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital Funds. Further, the Investment Manager's 
affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has committed to an annual marketing spend with Fidelity 
through which it will promote the iCapital network to Fidelity's platform of registered investment advisers 
and brokers. The existence of such compensation arrangements could create a potential conflict of interest. 
Any such compensation arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or any third party registered 
investment adviser or broker to recommend the interests in the iCapital Funds to investors where they might 
not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Educational Program& The Investment Manager may, from time to time, offer (and, under certain 
circumstances, subsidize) certain educational and professional certification programs for financial advisers 
that recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network platform. The provision of such 
programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such programs may incentivize the 
advisers that participate in such programming to recommend iCapital and interests in iCapital Funds over 
a manager or administrative agent who has not provided such educational opportunities. A prospective 
investor should carefully consider such conflict when determining whether to subscribe for interests. 
Default. If a Limited Partner fails to make a required capital contribution to the Access Fund on its due 
date (including, recalls of distributed capital), regardless of the reason (including legal or other prohibitions), 
the General Partner may impose substantial penalties on such Limited Partner and use any available 
remedies to enforce the contribution obligation, including, a total forfeiture of such Limited Partner's 
Interest. If the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its investment in the 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited Partner or otherwise, the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Access Fund, including forfeiture of all, or a 
part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, which will have a material negative impact on the return of 
the Access Fund as a whole (including Limited Partners that have not defaulted on their commitment to the 
Access Fund). 
ERISA. Although the General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts to limit investment in the 
Access Fund by benefit plan investors such that their investment in the Access Fund will not be "significant" 
for purposes of ERISA, there is no assurance that the assets of the Access Fund will not be deemed to be 
"plan assets" under ERISA. If the Access Fund's assets are treated as "plan assets". certain additional 
ERISA issues described under "Certain ERISA Considerations" below should be considered. Accordingly, 
certain transfers of interests in the Access Fund may be prohibited so as to avoid the assets of the Access 
Fund being deemed to be "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA. In addition, the General Partner could 
be required to liquidate Access Fund investments at a disadvantageous time, resulting in lower proceeds to 
the Access Fund than might have been the case without the need for such compliance, to cause certain 
Limited Partners to liquidate their investments in the Access Fund, and/or to take such other actions 
permitted under the Partnership Agreement as it considers necessary for that purpose. Each benefit plan 
investor should consult his or her legal advisor concerning the consequences under ERISA of an investment 
in the Access Fund before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
In addition, the provision of managerial assistance to a portfolio company could result in the Access Fund 
being characterized as a "trade or business" for purposes of ERISA controlled group liability, and, in cases 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038786 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184970 
EFTA01354192

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354193.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354193.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
where the Access Fund has a significant ownership interest (generally 80% or mom) in such portfolio 
company, there is a potential risk that the Access Fund and any portfolio company could be subject to 
controlled group liability under ERISA. These liabilities generally include funding obligations to single-
employer pension plans and withdrawal liability from union-sponsored multiemployer pension plans. In 
July 2013, the U.S. Federal Court of Appeals for the First Circuit held that the portfolio company 
management activities of a private equity fund could cause the fund to be regarded for ERISA controlled 
group liability purposes as engaging in a "trade or business" (the "2013 Sun Capital Case"). Further, in 
March 2016, the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts held that affiliated private equity 
funds investing in the same portfolio company may form a "partnership-in-fact." The District Court found 
that the affiliated funds forming the de facto partnership would be subject to controlled group liability if 
the funds together held 80% or more of the portfolio company in question (together with the 2013 Sun 
Capital Case, the 'Sun Capital Cases"). Although the extent of the impact of the holdings in the Sun 
Capital Cases is unclear, the possibility of trade or business characterization remains a risk for the Access 
Fund and private equity funds generally, especially in the First Circuit. Furthermore, the ownership interest 
of the Access Fund in some or all of its portfolio companies could be sufficient to create a controlled group 
relationship, especially if the ownership interests of related and/or parallel funds arc aggregated when 
applying the controlled group ownership tests. Although many practitioners believe that such aggregation 
should not be required, them is some risk that a court might find otherwise, especially in the District of 
Massachusetts. To the extent relevant, the Access Fund currently intends to take the position that it is not 
engaged in a trade or business for ERISA controlled group liability purposes, that related and/or parallel 
funds will not have formed a de facto partnership and that ownership interests of any such related and/or 
parallel funds arc not to be aggregated when applying the controlled group ownership tests. 
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Limited Partners of the Access Fund will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund and will have no 
standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, Glendower, their respective affiliates or any of their 
respective advisors, officers, directors, employees, partners or members. 
Lack of Transferability or Redemption of Interests. In light of the fact that there are restrictions on 
withdrawals, transfers and redemptions, and the Interests are not registered under the U.S. federal or state 
securities laws or similar laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, an investment in the Access Fund will be an 
illiquid investment. There will not be any market for the Interests. Investments in the Access Fund should 
therefore be considered only by persons financially able to maintain their investment for an extended period 
of time, who can afford a loss of all or a substantial part of their investment and have the financial ability 
to satisfy capital calls. Even if the Access Fund's investment in the Underlying Fund proves successful, it 
is unlikely to produce a realized return to Limited Partners for a period of years. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be voted upon by the investors of 
the Underlying Fund, the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager, and not the Limited Partners. 
will determine how the Access Fund's interest in the Underlying Fund will be voted. In addition, none of 
the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Limited Partners will have an opportunity to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund. 
Investment Concentration. The Access Fund will invest solely in the Underlying Fund (and in co-
investments, if any. with the Underlying Fund or its respective affiliates). Because the sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an interest in the Underlying Fund, all investment risks set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the Access Fund. The Underlying Fund may 
only make a limited number of investments and accordingly a significant portion of the Underlying Fund's 
aggregate commitments may be invested in any one industry, region or country•. As a result, any single loss 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038787 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184971 
EFTA01354193

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354194.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
incurred by the Underlying Fund's investments may have a significant adverse impact on the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund. 
Diverse Partnershiµ Investors in the Access Fund may include U.S. taxable and tax-exempt investors, and 
may include persons or entities organized in various jurisdictions or who otherwise have different 
characteristics or interests. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise in connection with decisions made by 
the Investment Manager that may be more beneficial for one type of investor than for another type of 
investor. In its management of the Access Fund, the Investment Manager will consider the investment 
objectives of the Access Fund as a whole and not the investment objectives of any investor individually. 
Certain Information Regarding the Underlying Fund Will Not be Disclosed to Limited Partners. 
Glendower. the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates will have certain confidential information 
relating to the Underlying Fund and its portfolio that has not and will not be disclosed to the Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund The terms of the Underlying Fund are subject to change. There can be no 
assurances that the partners of the Underlying Fund will not further amend the Underlying Fund's governing 
agreement. Neither the Access Fund nor the General Partner will have the ability to unilaterally block any 
amendment of the Underlying Fund's governing agreement. None of Glendower. the Underlying Fund or 
the General Partner will have any liability or responsibility to any Limited Partner for any changes to the 
terms of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no obligation to revise or supplement this 
Memorandum, notwithstanding any amendments to the Underlying Fund's governing agreement and 
neither the Underlying Fund nor Glendower is under an obligation to revise or supplement this 
Memorandum or the Underlying Fund PPM. 
Side Letters. The Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its capacity as general partner of the 
Access Fund may enter into other written agreements ("Side Letters") with one or more Limited Partners 
of the Access Fund (and the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP may do the same with respect to limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund). These Side Letters may entitle a Limited Partner to make an investment 
in the Access Fund on terms other than those described herein, in the Partnership Agreement, and in the 
subscription agreements relating to the purchase of the Interests (each, a "Subscription Agreement"). Any 
such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the Access Fund, (ii) transfers to affiliates, 
(iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, (iv) consent rights to certain Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of Management Fee, or (vi) any other matters, may be more favorable 
than those offered to any other Limited Partners. If the Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the Access Fund enter into a Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to 
withdraw from the Access Fund, any election to withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase any other 
Limited Partners' pro rata Interest. 
The Underlying Fund and/or the Glendower GP may also enter into Side Letters with the limited partners 
of the Underlying Fund (including the Access Fund) entitling certain limited partners to preferential terms 
in connection with their investment in the Underlying Fund. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Underlying Fund PPM or the Underlying Fund LPA, Limited Partners will not be entitled to the benefit 
of any Side Letters, and the Access Fund will not distribute copies of any Side Letters that it receives in its 
capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund to its Limited Partners. 
No Guarantee Qualified Matching Service Will be Available. The Partnership Agreement prohibits 
transfers of Interests without the consent of the General Partner, which may be granted or withheld in the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038788 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184972 
EFTA01354194

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354195.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
sole discretion of the General Partner (regardless of whether a Qualified Matching Service is available). In 
addition, the constituent documents of the Underlying Fund do not allow for transfers of Interests without 
the prior written consent of the Glendower GP. 
Repayment of Distributions. The Access Fund may be required to repay to the Underlying Fund or to pay 
creditors of the Underlying Fund, as applicable, distributions previously received by it. In addition, the 
Access Fund may be required to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts that are required to be withheld by 
the Underlying Fund for tax purposes. The Access Fund may require Limited Partners to return to the 
Access Fund all or part of any distribution by the Access Fund to the Limited Partners in order to satisfy 
all or any portion of the Access Fund's indemnification and other obligations to the Underlying Fund or 
otherwise. Similarly, Limited Partners may also be required to repay or pay such amount to the Access 
Fund if the Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
Reinvestment. The Glendower GP has the right to recall capital contributions, including, during the 
investment period of the Underlying Fund (the "Investment Period"), capital contributions applied to an 
investment that has been disposed of within 24 months of such investment and following the termination 
of the Investment Period, an amount equal to any and all distributions made to the limited partners for the 
purpose of finding existing obligations to make contributions or advances in respect of investments and 
any follow-on investments. Accordingly, the Access Fund may be required to make capital contributions 
in excess of its commitment, and to the extent such recalled or retained amounts arc reinvested in 
investments, the Access Fund will remain subject to investment and other risks associated with such 
investments. 
Indemnity Obligation. The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager. the administrator and certain of their affiliates and representatives (including any sub-advisor or 
other similar service provider) for liabilities incurred in connection with the affairs of the Access Fund. 
Any such indemnification (and the expenses thereof) will be in addition to the indemnification granted 
under the Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity obligations and any 
indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and the investments of the 
Underlying Fund), including the obligation to return distributions to fund any such Underlying Fund 
indemnification (with the Limited Partners in turn being required to return distributions). The Access 
Fund's indemnification obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be funded by capital calls from 
the Limited Partners or through the return of Distributions previously made to the Limited Partners. A 
Limited Partner's obligation to fund capital calls in respect of the Access Fund's indemnification 
obligations are apart from an Investor's Subscription, and therefore will not be capped. In addition, the 
Access Fund's assets, including any investments held by the Access Fund (including cash or cash 
equivalents), are available to satisfy all liabilities and other obligations of the Access Fund, including 
indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund an indemnification claim will survive the dissolution 
of the Access Fund. 
Multiple Layers of Expenses. The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each have expenses and 
management costs that will be borne, directly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Access Fund) or 
indirectly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Underlying Fund), by the Access Fund. Further, 
distributions from the Underlying Fund to the Access Fund will be subject to the carried interest of the 
Glendower GP. In addition, certain expenses will be apart from a Limited Partner's Subscription. including 
indemnification expenses and certain other required payments, including transfer expenses, interest 
expenses in connection with subsequent closings, certain tax preparation and other expenses attributable to 
specific limited partners. A Limited Partner's obligation to fund these expenses will not be capped. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038789 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184973 
EFTA01354195

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354196.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Investors in Subsequent Closings Investors subscribing for Interests on a Subsequent Closing may 
participate in existing investments of the Underlying Fund diluting the Interests of the other Investors 
therein. Although such Investors will generally contribute their pro rata share of prior capital calls, there 
can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the Underlying Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests am subscribed for. Furthermore, in the event that an 
investment of the Underlying Fund has been the subject of a disposition prior to the date of any Subsequent 
Closing, Investors at such Subsequent Closing may not be permitted to participate in such investment, as 
dctcnmincd by the Investment Manager. 
Public Disclosure. Some of the Interests may be held by investors, such as public pension plans and listed 
investment vehicles, which am subject to public disclosure requirements. The amount of infommtion about 
their investments that is required to be disclosed has increased in recent years, and that trend may continue. 
To the extent that disclosure of confidential information relating to the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund 
results from interests being held by public investors, the Access Fund may be adversely affected. The 
General Partner may, in order to prevent any such potential disclosure, withhold information otherwise to 
be provided to such public investors. Conversely, potential future regulatory changes applicable to 
investment advisors and/or the accounts they advise could result in the Access Fund becoming subject to 
additional disclosure requirements, the specific nature of which is as yet uncertain. 
Borrowings. The General Partner may choose to commit all of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund, in which case, the General Partner may need to fund 
Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund (to the extent all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions have previously been called) through the distributions received from the Underlying 
Fund (in which case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash to pay taxes 
on such income) or through borrowings. 
The Access Fund may borrow money in an aggregate amount of up to 20% of the total Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund, including pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. Such borrowing 
provides the advantages of leverage, but exposes the Access Fund to capital risk and higher current 
expenses. The Access Fund may provide collateral to the banks from which it borrows by pledging some 
or all of the assets of the Access Fund (the "Access Fund Assets") and/or the Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund. In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the rights to issue drawdown notices 
and to receive capital contributions to a third party. This procedure exposes the Access Fund to the risk that 
for whatever reason, including, the default, insolvency. negligence, misconduct or fraud of such banks, the 
Access Fund will not reacquire the ownership of such Access Fund Assets upon the repayment by the 
Access Fund of such loans. Also, the Access Fund will be unable to reacquire such Access Fund Assets if 
the Access Fund defaults on such loans. The Access Fund's failure or inability to reacquire such Access 
Fund Assets from the banks in whose name the Access Fund Assets am pledged in support of a loan could 
involve the Access Fund in protracted litigation and, potentially, result in the complete loss of such Access 
Fund Assets. While the Investment Manager will cause the Access Fund to borrow money only from banks 
it believes to be creditworthy, there can be no absolute certainty that such banks will return such Access 
Fund Assets to the Access Fund upon the repayment of such loans. 
The Underlying Fund may also borrow funds including pursuant to a credit facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowings may require the Glendower GP or an affiliate to pledge all or a portion of the 
property of the Underlying Fund and/or the commitments to the Underlying Fund (including the Access 
Fund's commitment to the Underlying Fund). The borrowing by the Underlying Fund may make it more 
difficult for the Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. If the Access Fund 
is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any obligations in advance of receipt of amounts from Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038790 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184974 
EFTA01354196

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354197.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354197.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund and may be treated as a defaulting investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA. 
Cash Management; Over-commitment. To help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient amount of the 
Limited Partner's subscriptions arc available to pay expenses of the Access Fund, the General Partner may, 
in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the General Partner is not required to set aside 
any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Underlying 
Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund (i.e., commits an 
amount to the Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the Access Fund, is greater than the 
total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Access Fund) the General Partner may need to 
fund Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the distributions received 
from the Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without 
corresponding cash to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. However, if there is a delay in the 
return of capital, or insufficient capital is returned from the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund is not 
able to borrow sufficient funds, the Access Fund may no longer be able to fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund. 
Lack of Diversification. The Access Fund only intends to invest in the Underlying Fund. Accordingly, 
the assets of the Access Fund are subject to greater risk of loss than if they were more widely diversified. 
Poor performance on the part of the Underlying Fund will cause poor performance of the Access Fund. If 
the Access Fund if not able to raise enough capital, it will also invest less in the Underlying Fund than 
originally contemplated. 
Forward-Looking Statements. Statements contained in this Memorandum that arc not historical facts arc 
based on current expectations, estimates, projections, opinions and/or beliefs of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, 
and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. Moreover, certain information contained in this 
Memorandum constitutes "forward-looking" statements, which often can be identified by the use of 
forward-looking terminology such as -may," -will," "seek," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "project," 
"estimate," "intend?" -continue," - target." -plan," or "believe," or the negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth herein, 
actual events or results or the actual performance of the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund may differ 
materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. 
Disqualification of Certain "Bad Actors" from Rule 506 Offerings. The Interests are offered in reliance 
upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated 
thereunder. The Access Fund would be disqualified from relying on Rule 506 of Regulation D ("Rule 
506") for any offer or sale of Interests if certain -bad actors" are involved in such offering, unless the 
disqualification could not have been identified by the Access Fund in the exercise of reasonable care or has 
been waived by the SEC staff. The Access Fund has implemented certain procedures to prevent any 
"Covered Person" (as defined in Rule 506(d)) subject to a -disqualifying event" (as defined in Rule 
506(d)(1) of Regulation D) from participating in the offering of Interests or investing in the Access Fund. 
Covered Persons include, but arc not limited to, the General Partner, the Placement Agents and beneficial 
owners of 20% or more of the Access Fund's voting equity securities. The General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, involuntarily redeem all or a portion of a Limited Partner's Interest to satisfy the conditions set 
forth in Rule 506. Nevertheless there is a risk that the Access Fund will be required to terminate the offering 
of Interests in the event that an affiliate, Limited Partner holding 20% or more of the Access Fund's voting 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038791 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184975 
EFTA01354197

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354198.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
equity securities, or anyone else who otherwise qualifies as a Covered Person becomes subject to a 
disqualifying event. 
The Access Fund will be required to make representations to the Glendower GP that the Access Fund and 
anyone that is treated as a beneficial owner under Rule 506, has not been subject to a disqualifying event. 
To the extent that any of the foregoing persons is not able to make such representation, or becomes subject 
to a disqualifying event, the Glendower GP may refuse to accept any or all of the Access Fund's 
subscription, or require the Access Fund to provide documentation and information regarding the 
disqualifying event. 
General Legal and Regulatory Risks. Legal and regulatory changes could occur during the term of the 
Access Fund, which may adversely affect the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund and its investments. The 
regulatory• environment for private investment funds of a type similar to the Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund is evolving. In particular, there have been significant movements towards greater governmental 
scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private investment funds industry. It is uncertain as to what form 
and in what jurisdictions such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the private investment funds industry 
may ultimately take. However, increased regulatory oversight may impose administrative burdens on the 
General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower, including, without limitation, responding to 
investigations and implementing new policies and procedures. Such burdens and regulatory scrutiny or 
initiatives may divert the General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower's time, attention and 
resources from portfolio management activities, and may also adversely affect the private investment funds 
industry, including the value or investments of the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund. Furthermore, 
such scrutiny may increase the exposure of the Underlying Fund, Glendower, the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager to potential liabilities and to legal, compliance and other related costs. 
Also, the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-
Frank Act") has resulted in extensive rulemaking and regulatory changes that affect private fund managers, 
the funds that they manage and the financial industry as a whole. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC 
has adopted rules that will require additional reporting by registered investment advisers to private funds, 
which will add costs to the legal, operations and compliance obligations of the Investment Manager, and 
increase the amount of time that the Investment Manager spends on noninvestment-related activities, all of 
which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
The Dodd-Frank Act affects a broad range of financial market intermediaries and other market participants 
with whom the Underlying Fund interacts or may interact. Regulatory changes that will affect other market 
participants are likely to change the way in which the Underlying Fund conducts business with 
counterparties. Parts of the Dodd-Frank Act, such as the 'Volcker Rule," may affect the number and type 
of participants in the markets in which the Underlying Fund may trade. It is difficult to anticipate the impact 
of these and other regulatory changes on the Underlying Fund. Glendower, the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager. It may take years to understand the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on 
the financial industry as a whole, and therefore, the continued uncertainty may make markets more volatile, 
and it may be more difficult for Glendower to execute the investment strategy of the Underlying Fund, all 
of which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
New Market Structure Requirements Applicable to Derivatives. The Dodd-Frank Act enacted, and the 
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") and SEC have issued or proposed rules to 
implement, both broad new regulatory requirements and broad new structural requirements applicable to 
over the counter ("OTC") derivative markets and, to a lesser extent, listed commodity futures (and futures 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038792 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184976 
EFTA01354198

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354199.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
options) markets. Similar changes are in the process of being adopted in the European Union. Japan, and 
other major financial markets. 
These changes include, but are not limited to: requirements that many categories of the most liquid OTC 
derivatives (currently limited to specified interest rate swaps and index credit default swaps) be executed 
on qualifying, regulated exchanges and be submitted for clearing; real-time public and regulatory reporting 
of specified information regarding OTC derivative transactions; enhanced documentation requirements; 
margin requirements for uncleared swaps; position limits; and recordkceping requirements. 
While these changes arc intended to mitigate systemic risk and to enhance transparency and execution 
quality in the OTC derivative markets, the impact of these changes is not known at this time. For instance, 
cleared OTC derivatives are subject to margin requirements established by regulated clearinghouses, 
including daily exchanges of cash variation (or mark-to-market) margin and an upfront posting of cash or 
securities initial margin to cover the clearinghouse's potential future exposure to the default of a party to a 
particular OTC derivative transaction. Furthermore, "financial end users," such as the Underlying Fund, 
that enter into OTC derivatives that are not cleared are generally required to exchange margin to 
collateralize such derivatives. Under the new rules, the level of margin that will be required to be exchanged 
in connection with uncleared derivatives will in many cases be substantially greater than the level currently 
required by market participants or clearinghouses. 
These changes could significantly increase the costs to the Underlying Fund of utilizing OTC derivatives, 
reduce the level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether for risk management or 
investment purposes) through OTC derivatives, and reduce the amounts available to the Underlying Fund 
to make non-derivative investments. These changes could also impair liquidity in certain OTC derivatives 
and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by the Underlying Fund, all of which could 
adversely impact the Underlying Fund's, and as a result the Access Fund's, investment returns. 
Furthermore, the margin requirements for cleared and uncleared OTC derivatives may require that 
Glendower, in order to maintain its exemption from commodity pool operator ("CPO") registration under 
CFTC Rule 4.I3(aX3), limit the Underlying Fund's ability to enter into hedging transactions or to obtain 
synthetic investment exposures, in either case adversely affecting the Underlying Fund's ability to mitigate 
risk. 
Position Limits. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded the scope of the CFTC's authority and 
obligation to require reporting of, and adopt limits on, the size of positions that market participants may 
own or control in commodity futures and futures options contracts and swaps. The Dodd-Frank Act also 
narrowed existing exemptions from such position limits for a broad range of risk management transactions. 
In accordance with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC is required to establish, and the 
CFTC has proposed but not yet adopted, additional speculative position limits on additional listed futures 
and options on physical commodities and economically equivalent OTC derivatives; position limits 
applicable to swaps that are economically equivalent to United States listed futures and futures options 
contracts, including contracts on non-physical commodities, such as rates, currencies, equities and credit 
default swaps; and aggregate position limits for a broad range of derivatives contracts based on the same 
underlying commodity, including swaps and futures and futures options contracts. A person (including 
Glendower, the General Partner and the Investment Manager) is generally required to aggregate positions 
it owns or controls (including held indirectly through entities in which a person has a 10% or greater 
ownership interest) for purposes of current and proposed position limits, subject to certain exemptions for, 
among other things, independently traded positions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038793 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84977 
EFTA01354199

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354200.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
The full impact of these recent changes is not known at this time. Individually and collectively, current and 
proposed position limits and associated aggregation requirements could increase the costs to the Underlying 
Fund of maintaining positions in commodity futures and futures option contracts and swaps, and reduce the 
level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether for risk management or investment 
purposes) through commodity futures and futures option contracts and swaps. These requirements could 
also impair liquidity in certain swaps and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by the 
Underl ins Fund, all of which could adversely impact the Underlying Fund's investment returns. 
Access Fund Counsel. Cleary• Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP currently serves as U.S. counsel for the 
Access Fund. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP renders legal services to the Investment Manager and 
the General Partner and does not represent the interests of any Limited Partners in the Access Fund. Maples 
and Calder currently serves as Cayman Islands counsel for the Investment Manager and the General Partner. 
Maples and Calder renders legal services to the Investment Manager and the General Partner and does not 
represent the interests of any Limited Partners in the Access Fund. No independent counsel has been 
retained to act for prospective investors. Prospective investors should seek their own legal, tax and financial 
advice before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Recent Changes in U.S. Tax Law. New legislation known as An Act to provide for reconciliation 
pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018" (the -2017 Tax 
Legislation") was enacted on December 22, 2017. 
The 2017 Tax Legislation could have a significant impact on the taxation of a Limited Partner's 
investment in the Access Fund and in the Access Fund's investment in the Underlying Fund. Changes 
include, among other things, (i) limitations on the deductibility of net interest expense. (ii) changes in the 
corporate tax rate, (iii) an expansion of the definition of controlled foreign corporation and a deemed 
repatriation of deferred earnings of a 10%-owned foreign corporation, each of which may result in 
phantom income for Limited Partners that are U.S. taxable persons, (iv) changes to the taxation of income 
derived outside the United States and (v) immediate expensing of expenditures for certain tangible 
property, all of which could affect the tax liability of the entities in which the Underlying Fund invests, as 
well as any returns attributable thereto. In addition, changes that could affect a particular Limited 
Partner's investment in the Access Fund include (i) limitations on the deductibility of state and local 
income taxes, (ii) the suspension of the deduction for investment expenses and all miscellaneous itemized 
deductions; (iii) a reduced tax rate for certain partnership income, not including capital gains, qualified 
dividends or most interest income and (iv) changes in the tax treatment of a disposition of an interest in 
the Access Fund so that gain or loss from such disposition by a non-U.S. partner is treated as effectively 
connected income to the extent a sale of the underlying partnership assets would have resulted in income 
effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business, and a potential withholding tax on any disposition of 
such a partnership interest. Finally, the 2017 Tax Legislation increased the holding period required in 
order for professionals to treat carried interest as capital gain, which may increase the amount of taxes 
such professionals would be required to pay with respect to their carried interest in the case of amounts 
realized on investments held for three years or less. 
Such changes, together with the 2017 Tax Legislation's potential effect on the economy more generally, 
could have a substantial and possibly adverse effect on investment valuations and the after-tax returns of 
the Access Fund. In particular, the 2017 Tax Legislation may have a significant impact on the profitability 
and financial condition of entities in which the Underlying Fund invests. If so, this could have an impact 
on the returns of the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund. The reforms may also affect the competitive 
landscape of the private funds sector. At this time, it is not possible to predict the full effect of this 
legislation on the Underlying Fund, its potential investments, or the Access Fund. Prospective investors 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038794 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184978 
EFTA01354200

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354201.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding the implications of the 2017 Tax Legislation and other 
potential changes in tax laws, including in light of their own particular circumstances. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Limited Partners may be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Limited Partner will be furnished information on an IRS 
Form 1065 Schedule K-1 for preparation of such Limited Partner's individual U.S. federal income tax 
return. The furnishing of such information is subject to. among other things, the timely receipt by the 
Access Fund of information from the Underlying Fund. 
Taxes in Excess of Distributions; "Phantom" or "Dry" Income. A Limited Partner will be taxed on its 
share of taxable income from the Access Fund, regardless of whether the Access Fund makes any 
distributions. Such taxable income is commonly referred to as "phantom" or -dry" income. Moreover. 
Limited Partners may be allocated taxable income from the Access Fund for a tax year, even though they 
only receive distributions in such tax year intended to be treated as a return of capital. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors (including IRAs) should expect to recognize 
UBTI from the Access Fund, which will create a requirement to make tax filings and pay taxes. 
Non-US Investors and ECI, US Federal Income Tax Withholding and Branch Profits Taxes. Non-
U.S. investors should expect to recognize ECI through the Access Fund. Non-U.S. investors also should 
expect to be subject to U.S. federal income tax withholding, and may be subject to the U.S. branch profits 
tax, on their shares of income from the Access Fund. 
FATCA. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") requires all entities in a broadly defined 
class of foreign financial institutions ("FFIs') to comply with a complicated and expansive reporting 
regime or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on certain U.S. payments (and beginning 
in 2019, 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on gross proceeds from the sale of U.S. stocks and 
securities) and requires non-U.S. entities that are not FFIs to either certify they have no substantial U.S. 
beneficial ownership or to report certain information with respect to their substantial U.S. beneficial 
ownership or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on certain U.S. payments (and 
beginning in 2019, a 30% U.S. withholding tax on gross proceeds front the sale of U.S. stocks and 
securities). FATCA also contains complex provisions requiring participating FFIs to withhold on certain 
"foreign pass thru payments" made to nonparticipating FFIs and to holders that fail to provide the required 
information. The definition of a "foreign pass thru payment" is still reserved under the current regulations; 
however, the term generally refers to payments that are from non-U.S. sources but that are "attributable to" 
certain U.S. payments and gross proceeds as described above. Withholding on these payments is not set to 
apply until 2019. The Access Fund may invest in FFIs through the Underlying Fund. The reporting 
obligations imposed under FATCA require FFIs to enter into agreements with the IRS to obtain and disclose 
information about certain investors to the IRS or, if subject to an Intergovernmental Agreement (an IGA"), 
register with the IRS. IGAs are generally intended to result in the automatic exchange of tax information 
through reporting by an FFI to the government or tax authorities of the country in which such FF1 is 
domiciled, followed by the automatic exchange of the reported information with the IRS. These reporting 
requirements may apply to underlying entities in which the Access Fund is deemed to invest and the Access 
Fund will not have control over whether such entities comply with the reporting regime. Any amounts 
withheld pursuant to FATCA that arc allocable to a Limited Partner may, in accordance with the Partnership 
Agreement, be deemed to have been distributed to such Limited Partner to the extent the taxes reduce the 
amount otherwise distributable to such Limited Partner. Prospective investors should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding all aspects of FATCA as it affects their particular circumstances. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038795 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184979 
EFTA01354201

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354202.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Partnership Audit Legislation. Under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, legislation was enacted that 
significantly changes the rules for U.S. federal income tax audits of partnerships (the "BBA Rules"). Such 
audits will continue to be conducted at the partnership level, but with respect to U.S. federal income tax 
returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and, unless a partnership qualifies for and 
affirmatively elects an alternative procedure, any adjustments to the amount of tax due (including interest 
and penalties) will be payable by the partnership. Under the elective alternative procedure, a partnership 
would issue information returns to persons who were partners in the audited year, who would then be 
required to take the adjustments into account in calculating their own tax liability, and the partnership 
would not be liable for the adjustments. If the Access Fund does not or is not able to make such an 
election, then (I) the then current Partners of the Access Fund, in the aggregate, could indirectly bear 
income tax liabilities in excess of the aggregate amount of taxes that would have been due had the Access 
Fund elected the alternative procedure, and (2) a given Partner may indirectly bear taxes attributable to 
income allocable to other Partners or former Partners, including taxes (as well as interest and penalties) 
with respect to periods prior to such Partner's ownership of Interests. Amounts available for distribution 
to the Partners may be reduced as result of the Access Fund's obligations to pay any taxes associated with 
an adjustment. While we cannot provide any assurance, the General Partner generally intends to seek to 
ensure that the BBA Rules do not materially modify the current allocation of tax costs among Partners. 
Under the Partnership Agreement, current and former Partners may be required to indemnify the Access 
Fund for any tax costs that are allocable to them. In addition, if any taxes (including any interest and 
penalties) are borne directly by a "tax partnership" in which the Access Fund invests (directly or 
indirectly), the General Partner generally intends to appropriately allocate the burden of such taxes among 
thc Partners and any former Partners. We cannot provide assurance that the Access Fund will be eligible 
to make an election under the alternative procedure or that it will, in fact, make such an election for any 
given adjustment. Furthermore, the Underlying Fund must comply with the BBA Rules as well, and 
therefore the Limited Partners may indirectly suffer adverse consequences as a result. Many issues and 
the overall effect of the BBA Rules on the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund are uncertain, and 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding all aspects of this legislation as it 
affects their particular circumstances. 
Other Tax Risks. An investment in the Access Fund involves complex U.S. federal, state and local and 
foreign income tax considerations that will differ for each Limited Partner. Prospective Limited Partners 
are advised to seek the advice of a qualified expert on matters of U.S. federal, state and local and foreign 
taxation of the Access Fund and ownership of the Interests. In judging whether to invest in the Access 
Fund, a prospective Limited Partner should consider the tax consequences thereof which include, but are 
not limited to: 
• 
the possibility of adverse changes in applicable tax laws; 
• 
the possibility that a Limited Partner may be required to file tax returns and pay tax in jurisdictions 
in which the Access Fund's Assets are deemed to be located and where the Access Fund is 
considered to be conducting business; 
• 
the possibility that the Interests could decline in value with a Limited Partner realizing a capital 
loss if the Access Fund is liquidated or the Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, with limitations 
on the deductibility of any such capital loss; 
• 
the possibility of substantial taxation of the Access Fund or Limited Partners, including imposition 
of state, local and foreign taxes (including withholding taxes), alternative minimum taxes and the 
net investment income tax; and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038796 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184980 
EFTA01354202

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354203.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
• 
the possibility that the allocations of the Access Fund's income, gain, loss and deduction to the 
Limited Partners will not be respected. 
It is possible that an audit of the Access Fund's (or the Underlying Fund's) income tax returns by the IRS 
or other tax authority, if conducted, may result in a material increase in taxable income (or a decreased loss) 
to a Limited Partner than what was initially reported to the Limited Partner by the Access Fund. Such an 
audit may also result in an audit of a Limited Partner's personal income tax returns. Limited Partners will 
not be indemnified for any taxes, penalties and interest that arise in connection with any audit. A Limited 
Partner must report each Access Fund item of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes consistent with such item's treatment on the Access Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns. 
In the event of an audit, the tax treatment of all Access Fund items may be determined at the Access Fund 
level in a single proceeding rather than in separate proceedings with each Limited Partner. The General 
Partner will take primary responsibility for contesting U.S. federal income tax adjustments proposed by the 
IRS, to extend the statute of limitations as to all investors and, in certain circumstances, the General Partner 
may be able to bind investors to a settlement with the IRS. Each Limited Partner's participation in 
administrative or judicial proceedings relating to the Access Fund items would be restricted. 
See Section IV, "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" for a more detailed discussion of the 
significant tax considerations relevant to an investment in an Interest. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038797 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184981 
EFTA01354203

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354204.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
IV. 
TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following discussion is a brief summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be 
applicable to an investment in the Access Fund. This discussion is based upon the Code, existing U.S. 
Treasury Regulations, and judicial decisions and administrative interpretations thereunder, all as of the date 
of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect, or are subject to 
different interpretations. We cannot assure you that the IRS will not take a different position regarding one 
or more of the tax considerations described below. We have not obtained and do not intend to obtain a 
ruling from the IRS or an opinion of counsel with respect to the U.S. federal tax considerations resulting 
from acquiring, holding or disposing of the Limited Partnership Interests. 
This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be important to a 
particular Limited Partner in light of the Limited Partner's circumstances or to certain categories of Limited 
Partners that may be subject to special rules (such as financial institutions, insurance companies, dealers in 
securities. U.S. expatriates, Limited Partners whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, or persons 
who hold the Interests as part of a hedge, conversion transaction, straddle or other risk reduction transaction 
or otherwise as part of a "synthetic asset"). This discussion is limited to beneficial owners who purchase 
the Interests for cash at original issuance from the Access Fund. This discussion also does not address the 
tax considerations arising under the laws of any foreign, state or local jurisdiction or the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences to tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons of an investment in the Access Fund. In 
addition, this discussion should be read in conjunction with the discussion of tax considerations contained 
in the Underlying Fund PPM, as the tax consequences described therein could have a material impact on 
Limited Partners and their investment in the Access Fund. 
The U.S. federal income tax considerations discussed in this summary art applicable to Limited Partners 
who or that are U.S. persons. Limited Partners who are not U.S. persons should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding the United States income tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund. For 
purposes of this summary, a 
person" generally is Sr U.S. federal income tax purposes (I) an 
individual citizen or resident of the United States; (2) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any 
state thereof or the District of Columbia; (3) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income 
taxation regardless of its source; or (4) a trust which either (i) is subject to the primary supervision of a 
court within the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust or (ii) has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be 
treated as a U.S. person. If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds the 
Interests, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the partnership and an equity holder of the partnership 
generally depends upon the status of the equity holder and the activities of the partnership. If you are an 
equity holder in such a partnership holding the Interests, you should consult your own tax advisors. 
This summary is based on the assumptions that each Limited Partner (i) will provide all appropriate 
certifications to the Access Fund in a timely fashion to minimize withholding, including backup 
withholding and withholding under FATCA, on its distributive share of the Access Fund's income; (ii) will 
hold its Interests as a capital asset for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and (iii) holds its Interests for its 
own account and not as an agent or nominee for another person. Each prospective Limited Partner should 
also note that this summary does not address the interaction of U.S. federal tax laws and any income or 
estate tax treaties between the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038798 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84982 
EFTA01354204

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354205.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
No assurance can be given that the IRS will concur with the tax consequences set forth below. Each 
prospective investor is advised to consult its own tax and financial advisors as to the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund and as to applicable state, local, estate, foreign or 
other tax laws. 
THIS SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO BE, AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS, 
LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE TO ANY PROSPECTIVE LIMITED PARTNER. PROSPECTIVE 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT 
TO THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES AND ANY OTHER POTENTIAL 
TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCALITY OR OTHER 
RELEVANT TAXING JURISDICTION ARISING FROM THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR 
DISPOSAL OF INTERESTS. 
Status for U.S, Federal Income Tax Purposes. It is expected that the Access Fund and the Underlying 
Fund (together, the "Funds") each will be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
As a partnership, a Fund generally will not be responsible for the payment of any U.S. federal income taxes 
associated with its operations (although it may be required to withhold or pay taxes under the BBA Rules 
or on behalf of its partners in certain circumstances). Instead, the taxable income or loss of a Fund for a 
taxable year (including the Access Fund's share of such items from the Underlying Fund) will pass through 
and be included in the computation of the taxable income and loss of the Limited Partners (subject to the 
limitations discussed below) regardless of whether a Fund distributes any amounts to its partners. 
Accordingly, it is possible that a Limited Partner will have a greater amount of taxable income allocable to 
it from the Access Fund for a taxable year than the amount of cash distributed to it from the Access Fund 
and may be required to pay taxes on its share of the Access Fund's taxable income using cash from other 
sources. 
A Fund could fail to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes in future years as a result 
of a variety of developments including, (i) modifications of the law governing the classification of entities 
as partnerships and (ii) characterization of a Fund as a "publicly traded partnership" as a result of the volume 
and nature of contributions of capital and redemptions and transfers of partnership interests. Failure to 
qualify as a partnership generally would result in a Fund's treatment as a corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. As a corporation, a Fund would generally be subject to an entity-level U.S. federal 
income tax, and all or a portion of its distributions (other than upon liquidation of a Fund or a partner's 
interests in the Fund) could be characterized as dividends. If a Fund was treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," then it would be taxable as a corporation unless 90% or more of its gross income for each 
taxable year consisted of "qualifying income" including interest, dividends and gain from the sale of capital 
assets. If a Fund is mated as a "publicly traded partnership," we cannot assure you that the Fund would 
meet this 90% test. Thus, if a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded partnership," it may qualify as a 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In addition, while we expect that the Underlying Fund will qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as well, we can provide no assurance to this effect. Assuming the Underlying Fund is so 
treated, the Access Fund generally will be deemed to realize its pro rata sham of income, gain, deduction 
or loss realized by the Underlying Fund for such purposes. If instead the Underlying Fund was treated as 
a corporation for such purposes, each Limited Partner will bear its pro rata share of corporate taxes borne 
by the Underlying Fund. 
The following discussion assumes each Fund will qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038799 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184983 
EFTA01354205

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354206.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354206.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, REFERENCES IN THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACCESS FUND'S INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, 
INCOME, GAIN AND LOSS INCLUDE INDIRECT INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, INCOME, 
GAIN AND LOSS OF THE ACCESS FUND AS A RESULT OF THE ACCESS FUND'S STATUS 
AS A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE UNDERLYING FUND. 
Limited Partner's Tax Basis in its Interests. A Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests would include 
the amount of money and/or the tax basis of property (if any) that the Limited Partner contributes to the 
Access Fund, increased principally by the Limited Partner's distributive share of any Access Fund income 
and certain Access Fund liabilities (if any), and decreased, but not below zero, principally by (i) the amount 
of cash distributions from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner and the adjusted tax basis of any 
distributions in-kind from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner, (ii) the amount of the Limited Partner's 
distributive sham of the Access Fund's losses and (iii) the Limited Partner's sham of a reduction in certain 
Access Fund liabilities, if any. We can provide no assurance with respect to the amount of Fund liabilities 
that would be allocated to any Limited Partner for this purpose. 
Distributions. A cash distribution to a Limited Partner generally will be taxable only to the extent that it 
exceeds the Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests. The amount of the distribution, if any, that is in 
excess of tax basis will be considered to be gain from the sale of the Interests and generally taxable as a 
capital gain except to the extent attributable to certain ordinary income items of the Access Fund. Subject 
to certain exceptions, a Limited Partner generally would recognize loss with respect to its Interests only 
upon the receipt of a distribution consisting solely of cash in an amount that was less than the Limited 
Partner's tax basis in its Interests and which occurred in connection with a complete liquidation of the 
Limited Partner's Interests. 
Distributions of property other than cash, whether in complete or partial liquidation of a Limited Partner's 
Interests, generally would not result in the recognition of taxable income or loss to the Limited Partner 
(except to the extent such distribution is treated as made in exchange for such Limited Partner's share of 
the Access Fund's unrealized receivables). However, that gain generally must be recognized by a Limited 
Partner where the distribution consists of marketable securities unless the distributing partnership is an 
"investment partnership" and the recipient is an "eligible partner," both as defined in Section 731(c) of the 
Code. Each Fund will determine at the appropriate time whether it qualifies as an "investment partnership." 
Assuming it so qualifies, if a partner is an "eligible partner," which term should include a Limited Partner 
whose contributions to the Fund consisted solely of cash, the non-recognition rule described herein should 
apply. 
Allocations of Income and Loss to Limited Partners. Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, items of the 
Access Fund's income gain, loss and deduction are allocated so as to take into account the varying interests 
of the Partners in the Access Fund. U.S. Treasury Regulations provide that allocations of items of 
partnership income, gain, loss, deduction or credit will be respected for tax purposes if such allocations 
have "substantial economic effect" or are determined to be in accordance with the partners' interests in a 
partnership. The Access Fund believes that. for U.S. federal income tax purposes, allocations pursuant to 
the Partnership Agreement should be given effect, and the General Partner intends to prepare the Access 
Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns based on such allocations. We can provide no assurance that a 
Fund's allocations will be respected. If a Fund's allocations are successfully challenged and re-determined 
by the IRS, such redetermination could be less favorable than the allocations set forth in the applicable 
limited partnership agreement. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
311 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038800 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184984 
EFTA01354206

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354207.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Sale of Interests. A Limited Partner generally will recognize capital gain or loss on the sale of Interests, 
except for any gain attributable to unrealized receivables or inventory• items (which arc broadly defined for 
this purpose) held by the Access Fund at the time of the sale. The difference between the amount realized 
upon a sale of Interests and the Limited Partner's adjusted tax basis in the Interests would determine the 
amount of gain or loss recognized. For this purpose, the amount realized would include the Limited 
Partner's share of any Access Fund liabilities, as discussed above. 
In general, the sale of Interests by a Limited Partner will not affect the Access Fund's ongoing operations. 
If, however. Interests representing 50% or more of the Access Fund were to be sold within a twelve-month 
period, then the Access Fund would terminate for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Partnership 
Agreement generally prohibits transfers of Interests without the consent of the General Partner. 
Tax Basis Adjustments. The Partnership Agreement does not require the General Partner to make an 
election under Section 754 of the Code to adjust the tax basis of its assets upon the sale or other disposition 
of Interests or upon the distribution to Partners of cash or assets in-kind, nor does it prohibit the General 
Partner from doing so. Any such election, once made. cannot be revoked without the IRS' consent. The 
actual effect of any such election may depend upon whether the Underlying Fund also makes such an 
election. As a result of the complexity and added expense of the tax accounting required to implement such 
an election, the General Partner presently does not intend to make such an election. If the Access Fund 
makes the election or otherwise must make an adjustment to the tax bases on in its assets, any transferee of 
Interests must reimburse the Fund its costs incurred to make any tax basis adjustments required pursuant to 
the election. 
A Fund generally would be required to adjust the tax basis of its assets in the same manner as if a 
Section 754 election were in effect upon (i) transfers of interests in that Fund at a time when the adjusted 
tax basis of its assets exceeds their fair market value by more than $250,000 and (ii) distributions of cash 
or property to a partner that would have produced a downward adjustment in the tax basis of the assets of 
the Fund of more than $250,000 had a Section 754 election been in effect. In lieu of the adjustment 
described in clause (i) of the preceding sentence, if a Fund qualifies to make an election to be an "electing 
investment partnership," as defined in Section 743 of the Code, the Fund could elect to preclude the 
transferee of the Fund's interests from deducting its allocable share of any loss realized by the Fund on the 
sale or exchange of the Fund's assets to the extent the transferor Partner realized a loss on the original 
transfer of its interests in such Fund. Each Fund would determine at the appropriate time whether it qualifies 
to make an election to be an "electing investment partnership," and we can be no assurance that it would so 
qualify. In addition, because of the limited relief provided by such election and the complexity required to 
determine the amount of loss that the transferee partner could not deduct, even if the corresponding Fund 
so qualifies, such Fund may determine that such election should not be made. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Interest Expense. For non-corporate taxpayers, Section 163(d) of the Code 
limits the deduction for "investment interest" (i.e., interest or short sale expenses for "indebtedness properly 
allocable to property held for investment"). Investment interest is not deductible in the current year to the 
extent that it exceeds the taxpayer's "investment income," consisting of net gain and ordinary income 
derived from investments in the current year. Long-term capital gain is excluded from investment income 
for this purpose unless the taxpayer elects to pay tax on such amount at ordinary income tax rates. The 
deduction for any investment interest that is disallowed under Section 163(d) of the Code for any year may 
generally be carried forward and used in subsequent years, subject to the limitations of Section 163(d) in 
the subsequent years. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
:19 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038801 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 84985 
EFTA01354207

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354208.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
For purposes of this provision, income of the Access Fund may be treated as investment income, and the 
investment interest limitation may apply to a non-corporate Limited Partner's share of any interest expense 
attributable to the Access Fund's operations. In such case, a non-corporate Limited Partner could be denied 
a deduction for all or part of that portion of its distributive share of the Access Fund's ordinary losses 
attributable to interest expenses. The investment interest limitation may also apply to interest paid by a 
non-corporate Limited Partner on money borrowed to finance its investment in the Access Fund. 
Prospective Limited Partners are advised to consult with their own tax advisors with respect to the 
application of the investment interest limitation in their particular tax situations. 
Application of Rules for Income and Losses from Passive Activities. The Code restricts the deductibility 
of losses from a "passive activity" against certain income that is not derived from a passive activity. This 
restriction applies to individuals, certain trusts, estates, personal service corporations and certain closely 
held corporations. Depending on the nature of the investments of a Fund, losses flowing through the Access 
Fund to Limited Partners may be subject to these passive activity, loss limitation rules. 
At-Risk Limitations A Limited Partner that is subject to the "at-risk limitations" (generally, non-corporate 
taxpayers and closely held corporations) may not deduct losses of the Access Fund to the extent that they 
exceed the amount such Limited Partner has -at risk" with respect to its Interests at the end of the year. 
Generally, a Limited Partner's investment in the Access Fund would be considered "at risk" to the extent it 
is made with cash, with property, or with the proceeds of a loan for which the Limited Partner is personally 
liable or which is secured by personal assets other than an interest in the Access Fund (to the extent of the 
net fair market value of the Limited Partner's interest in those assets). Such amount will be increased by 
the Limited Partner's share of subsequent income of the Access Fund and contributions to the Access Fund 
and decreased by the Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's losses and distributions (including 
withdrawal distributions). Deductions or losses of the Access Fund previously disallowed under the at-risk 
rules may be used to offset gain on the Limited Partner's sale or exchange of its Interests, including any 
amounts treated as gain in connection with a distribution in excess of the Limited Partner's tax basis in its 
Interests. If the amount that a Limited Partner is considered to have at risk in the Access Fund falls below 
zero (e.g., because of a distribution to the Limited Partner), the difference between the at-risk amount and 
zero may be included in income to the extent that losses of the Access Fund were previously deducted by 
that Limited Partner, and the amount so included in income will be treated as a deduction generated by the 
Access Fund in the following taxable year. 
Deductibility of Access Fund Expenses by Non-Corporate Limited Partners. Prospective investors who 
are individuals or certain closely held corporations should be aware that they could be subject to various 
limitations on their ability to use their allocable sham of deductions and losses of the Partnership against 
other income. 
For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January I, 2026, non-corporate taxpayers 
will be unable to take any deductions relating to -investment interest" and "miscellaneous itemized 
investment expenses." For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025, such deductions will be 
available to non-corporate taxpayers. subject to certain limitations. 
The consequences of the investment expense limitations will vary depending upon the particular tax 
situation of each taxpayer. Accordingly, non-corporate Limited Partners should consult their own tax 
advisors with respect to the application of these limitations. 
A Limited Partner will not be permitted to deduct syndication expenses and other expenses associated with 
the purchase of Interests, including placement fees. paid by such Limited Partner or the Access Fund. Any 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038802 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SEWN GM_00184988 
EFTA01354208

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354209.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354209.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
such amounts paid by a Limited Partner will be included in the adjusted tax basis of its Interests. Start-up 
and organizational expenses are generally amortized for U.S. federal income tax purposes over a fifteen 
(15) year period. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Capital Losses. Capital losses generally may be deducted only to the extent 
of capital gains, except for non-corporate taxpayers who are allowed to deduct $3,000 of capital losses per 
year against ordinary income without regard to capital gains. Corporate taxpayers may carry back unused 
capital losses for three years and may carry forward such losses %r five years; non-corporate taxpayers may 
carry forward unused capital losses indefinitely. 
Tar Treatment of Investments. In general and except as discussed below, the Access Fund expects that its 
gains will be treated as capital gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Capital gain on assets held for 
more than one year generally qualify as long-term capital gain. 
The Access Fund will recognize ordinary income from the interest income and fees it receives from lending 
money. Any gain or loss realized on the disposition of debt investments may, depending upon the 
circumstances of the holder at the time of any such sale, be treated as ordinary or capital. The actual 
character of the Access Fund's gain or loss on the disposition of loans will depend on several considerations, 
including whether the holder is treated as a trader or investor, on the one hand, or a dealer, on the other 
hand. A trader and an investor are persons who buy and sell securities for their own accounts. A dealer, in 
contrast, is a person who engages in transactions with "customers" rather than for investment or speculation. 
If the IRS were to characterize any part of a Fund's activities as those of a dealer, such Fund's gain or loss 
on any -dealer property would be ordinary income or loss. 
The Access Fund expects to recognize ordinary income from accruals of interest on debt investments. The 
Access Fund may be deemed to hold debt investments with original issue discount (-O1D"), which for this 
purpose includes -payments-in-kind," or PIIC, interest. In such case, the Access Fund would be required to 
include amounts in taxable income on a current basis even though receipt of such amounts may occur in a 
subsequent year. The Access Fund may also be deemed to hold loans with "market discount." Upon 
disposition of such an obligation, the Access Fund generally would be required to treat gain recognized as 
ordinary income to the extent of the market discount that accrued during the period the debt obligation was 
held by the Access Fund. Elections also may be made where market discount is included in income by the 
holder during the teen of ownership. 
In addition, the Access Fund may be deemed to hold "contingent payment debt instruments." In general, 
all of the Access Fund's income and gains on a contingent payment debt instrument will be ordinary income, 
including gain on the sale of exchange of a contingent payment debt instrument, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund holds the instrument as a capital asset. Furthermore, all of the interest income on a contingent 
payment debt instrument will be treated as OID, regardless of whether the instrument has regular coupons. 
We cannot predict what portion of the Access Fund's portfolio would consist of contingent payment debt 
instruments. 
Furthermore, there arc a number of uncertainties in the U.S. federal income tax law relating to debt 
restructuring. In general. a "significant modification" of a debt obligation acquired by the Access Fund at 
a discount is treated as a taxable event to the Access Fund, with the resulting gain or loss measured by the 
difference between the principal amount of the debt after the modification and the Access Fund's tax basis 
in such debt before the modification. However, other than for certain "safe harbor" modifications specified 
in U.S. Treasury Regulations, the determination of whether a modification is "significant" is based on all 
of the facts and circumstances. Therefore, it is possible that the IRS could take the position that the 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038803 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184987 
EFTA01354209

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354210.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354210.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
restructuring of a debt obligation acquired by the Access Fund at a discount amounts to a "significant 
modification" that should be treated as a taxable event even if the Access Fund did not so treat the 
restructuring on its U.S. federal income tax return. 
Furthermore, the Access Fund may be deemed to invest in derivatives with complex or uncertain U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to Limited Partners. 
In addition, the Access Fund may invest in any entity treated as partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, and the Access Fund's U.S. federal income tax consequences will depend on the nature of the 
investments and activities of such entity. 
Furthermore, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January I, 2026, non-
corporate taxpayers generally will be allowed a deduction in an amount equal to 20% of the domestic 
"qualified business income" they received through a partnership. Qualified business income generally does 
not include investment income or income from services businesses, including investment management 
businesses, and therefore the 20% deduction is unlikely to be available in respect of income allocable to a 
Limited Partner from its investment in the Access Fund. 
Finally, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors (as defined herein) should be aware that certain investments of the 
Access Fund may cause them to have material amounts of UBTI, which is subject to federal income taxation 
and may be subject to state and local taxation as well. See discussion below under 'Tax-Exempt Investors." 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of these rules to their 
investment in the Access Fund. 
Work-Outs. It is possible that a company in which the Access Fund invests will face financial difficulty, 
requiring the holder to work-out or otherwise restructure its investment in the company. It is not possible 
to predict the terms of any such restructuring and accordingly any such restructuring could give rise to 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to the Access Fund (and therefore the Limited Partners). 
Passive Foreign Investment Companies. The Access Fund may invest in a non-U.S. corporation that is 
classified as a "passive foreign investment company" ("PFIC"), which would cause Limited Partners to be 
subject to taxation under Sections 1291 through 1298 of the Code. In general, a non-U.S. corporation is 
classified as a PFIC if (i) 75% or more of its gross income constitutes -passive income" (generally, interest. 
dividends, royalties, rent and similar income, and gains on disposition of assets that generate such income), 
or (ii) 50% or more of its assets produce passive income or are held for the production of such income. 
If the Access Fund invests in a company that is classified as a PFIC, the Limited Partners may be subject 
to increased tax liability upon the Access Fund's disposition of that company's stock or upon the receipt of 
certain distributions. In certain cases, a Fund may be able to make an election to have an alternative tax 
treatment apply with respect to a PFIC. 
We cannot predict at this time whether any company in which the Access Fund invests may be subject to 
the PFIC regime, nor can it predict the effect of any applicable elections which may be made by a Fund. 
The application of the PFIC rules to the Access Fund and its Limited Partners is complex. Limited Partners 
should consult their own tax advisors about the applicability and U.S. federal income tax consequences of 
the PFIC rules to their investment in the Access Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038804 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184988 
EFTA01354210

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354211.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354211.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Controlled Foreign Corporations. Special rules apply to U.S. persons who own, directly or indirectly and 
applying certain attribution rules, 10% or more of the total combined voting power or total value of all 
classes of stock of a non-U.S. corporation (each, a "United States Shareholder") that is a "controlled 
foreign corporation" ("CFC'). 
A non-U.S. corporation generally will be a CFC if United States 
Shareholders collectively own more than 50% of the total combined voting power or total value of the 
corporation's stock on any day during any taxable year. 
If the Access Fund invests in a CFC and is a United States Shareholder, its Limited Partners who are U.S. 
persons will be subject to tax under the CFC rules. As a result, each such Limited Partner must include in 
its gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes its distributive sham of certain earnings and profits 
of the CFC. In addition, under Section 1248 of the Code, each such Limited Partner must treat a portion of 
its distributive share of any gain realized by the Access Fund upon disposition of the stock of the CFC as 
dividend income to the extent of certain earnings and profits of the CFC attributable to such stock. Further, 
if a Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, the Limited Partner may be required to recognize ordinary 
income under Section 751 of the Code equal to its distributive share of any Section 1248 income that would 
have been triggered if the Access Fund had sold its interest in the CFC at fair market value. 
Moreover, under the 2017 Tax Legislation, the deferred earnings of certain foreign corporations will be 
deemed repatriated, and treated as if they were distributed to their United States Shareholders. Consequently, 
if the Access Fund invests in a foreign corporation and is a United States Shareholder, its Limited Partners 
who are U.S. Persons may be deemed to receive their distributive share of certain accumulated earnings 
and profits of such foreign corporation. 
The application of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to the Access Fund and Limited Partners is 
complex. Limited Partners should consult their own tax advisors about the applicability and U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to their investment in the Access Fund. 
Foreign Currency Gain or Loss. A Limited Partner's distributive share of any profit or loss realized by 
the Access Fund on the conversion of U.S. dollars into non-U.S. currency, or of non-U.S. currency into 
U.S. dollars, generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather than capital gain or loss. Further, 
if the Access Fund invests in a debt investment or effectively becomes the obligor under a debt instrument 
or enters into certain other transactions, any of which is denominated in terms of a currency other than its 
functional currency, fluctuations in the value of that currency relative to its functional currency generally 
will result in foreign currency gain or loss. Any foreign currency gain or loss realized by the Access Fund 
generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather than capital gain or loss, and any Limited Partner 
will be subject to tax on its allocable share of such income or loss. 
Tax-Exempt Investors The Underlying Fund may (i) invest in operating entities that are treated as flow-
through for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) generate unrelated debt-financed income if they borrow 
funds, or (iii) generate some income, for example, from break-up fees or transaction fees, each of which 
may cause investors that are U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors to incur material amounts of UBTI. A U.S. Tax-
Exempt Investor's allocable share of Access Fund income constituting UBTI would be subject to federal 
income taxation and might be subject to state and local taxation as well. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors should 
only invest in the Access Fund if they are willing to receive material amounts of UBTI. 
Potential U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors should be aware that the Underlying Fund may use leverage that 
would be treated as acquisition indebtedness resulting in a material portion of the income from the Access 
Fund being taxable as UBTI to U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038805 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184989 
EFTA01354211

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354212.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354212.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Additionally, if a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor incurs debt to finance its Interest. al l or a portion of the income 
or gain attributed to the Interest would be included in UBTI. regardless of whether such income or gain 
would otherwise be excluded as dividends, interest or income which is not normally UBTI. 
U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are "charitable remainder trusts" am subject to a 100°/0 excise tax on their 
UBTI. 
Further. certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors may be subject to an excise tax if the Access Fund engages in 
a -prohibited tax shelter transaction" or a -subsequently listed transaction" as defined in Section 4965 of 
the Code. If the Access Fund engages in a prohibited tax shelter transaction, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors 
may be subject to substantial penalties if they fail to comply with special disclosure requirements, and their 
managers may also be subject to substantial penalties. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own 
tax advisors regarding the applicability of these rules to an investment in the Access Fund. 
The Interests am being offered only to U.S. taxable investors and U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that arc willing 
to receive material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI should not invest in the Access Fund. A Feeder Fund may be organized to accommodate 
certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors who do not wish to receive UBTI. 
United States Foreign Tax Credits. Subject to applicable limitations, a Limited Partner that is subject to 
U.S. federal income taxation generally should be entitled to elect to treat foreign taxes withheld from such 
Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's dividend and interest income as foreign income taxes eligible 
for credit against such Limited Panner's U.S. federal income tax liability. Capital gains recognized by the 
Access Fund, however, generally am considered to be from sources within the United States, which may 
effectively limit the amount of foreign tax credit allowed to the Limited Partner. Complex tax rules may 
limit the availability or use of foreign tax credits, depending on each Limited Partner's particular 
circumstances. Because of these limitations, Limited Partners may be unable to claim a credit for the full 
amount of their proportionate shares of any foreign taxes paid by or allocable to the Access Fund. Limited 
Partners that do not elect to treat their shares of foreign taxes as creditable generally may claim a deduction 
against U.S. federal taxable income for such taxes (subject to applicable limitations on losses and 
deductions). Because the availability of a credit or deduction depends on the particular circumstances of 
each Limited Partner. Limited Partners arc advised to consult their own tax advisors. 
Tax Returns; Audit. The Access Fund is required to file annual information returns reporting its income. 
expenses and other tax items and the amounts of such items properly allocable to the Partners. The Access 
Fund's tax returns are subject to review by the IRS and other taxing authorities, which may dispute the 
Access Fund's tax positions. Any recharacterizations or adjustments resulting from an audit may require 
each Limited Partner to file amended tax returns and/or pay additional income taxes, interest or penalties 
and possibly may result in an audit of the Limited Partner's own tax return. 
The General Partner, as the Access Fund's tax matters partner and partnership representative, will have 
considerable authority with respect to the tax treatment of Access Fund items and the procedural rights of 
the Limited Partners. Following an audit of a Fund, under the BBA Rules, the Access Fund may be required 
to pay taxes on behalf of its partners or its own behalf. 
In addition, the BBA Rules will apply to the Underlying Fund and any entities treated as partnerships for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes in which the Underlying Fund acquires an interest. Accordingly, the 
Access Fund may bear a portion of the tax liability resulting from any audit adjustment of the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038806 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184990 
EFTA01354212

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354213.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Fund or a partnership in which the Underlying Fund invests (even if, with respect to such partnership, the 
Underlying Fund was not a partner of the partnership during the tax year under audit). 
United States Tar Reporting by Limited Partners that are Owners of Non-US Entities. United States tax 
rules impose information reporting requirements on U.S. persons that own, either directly or indirectly 
under certain attribution rules, more than certain threshold amounts of stock in a non-U.S. corporation. 
These persons must disclose, among other things, various transactions between themselves and those non-
U.S. corporations. For this purpose, stock ownership is determined with regard to certain stock attribution 
rules, and each Limited Partner is treated as owning part or all of the stock owned directly or indirectly by 
the Access Fund. In certain circumstances, these rules may require Limited Partners to file reports annually. 
A significant monetary penalty may be imposed on a Limited Partner that fails to satisfy any applicable 
reporting requirements. 
A Limited Partner will be responsible for determining whether it is required to file any information returns 
or statements or otherwise report any information with respect to any non-U.S. entities as a result of owning 
Interests, and for satisfying any such filing or reporting requirements. The Access Fund may not be able to 
provide a Limited Partner with information requested by the Limited Partner in connection with completing 
any filing requirements due to confidentiality restrictions, unavailability of the information requested or 
other reasons. 
Specifically, U.S. individuals (and possibly certain entities) are generally required to file certain 
infommtion with their annual U.S. federal income tax return regarding interests they hold in foreign 
entities or accounts worth more than $50,000 at any time during the year. If the General Partner were to 
offer a structure where Limited Partners own their investment in the Access Fund through a non-U.S. 
entity, it is possible any such Limited Partners would be subject to such information reporting. In addition, 
a separate obligation to file an annual Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (an "FBAR") 
applies to any U.S. person who has a financial interest in, or signature or other authority over, non-U.S. 
financial accounts worth more than $10,000 at any time during the year. Under the FBAR regulations, 
ownership by a U.S. person of an interest in a foreign private fund entity is not currently subject to FBAR 
reporting, but the regulations continue to reserve on the application of the FBAR rules to such interest. 
Potential investors should discuss the application of the above rules with their own advisers in light of 
their individual circumstances. 
Qualified Dividend Income. Subject to certain elections, "qualified dividend income" is generally taxable 
to non-corporate taxpayers at reduced U.S. federal income tax rates. A Limited Partner's qualified dividend 
income may include the Limited Partner's indirect allocable share of certain dividends received by the 
Access Fund from U.S. corporations and qualified foreign corporations. Subject to certain limitations, 
qualified foreign corporations include those incorporated in a possession of the United States and foreign 
corporations eligible for benefits under a comprehensive income tax treaty identified by the IRS, but do not 
include foreign corporations that are treated as "passive foreign investment companies" for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. A dividend of a foreign corporation may also be treated as qualified dividend income 
if the stock with respect to which the dividend is paid is readily tradable on an established securities market 
in the United States. 
In order for Limited Partners to qualify for the lower tax rate with respect to their indirect allocable share 
of qualified dividends, however, the Access Fund must hold the shares of stock producing the dividend for 
at least 61 days during the 121-day period beginning on the date that is 60 days before the date such shares 
become a -dividend. For preferred stock, the required periods are increased from 61 days to 91 days and 
from 121 days to 181 days if the dividends are attributable to periods totaling more than 366 days; if the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038807 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184991 
EFTA01354213

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354214.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354214.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
preferred dividends are attributable to periods totaling less than 367 days, the 60 day holding period 
discussed herein applies. A dividend is not qualified dividend income to the extent that the Access Fund is 
under an obligation (whether pursuant to a short sale or otherwise) to make related payments with respect 
to positions in substantially similar or related property. If the Access Fund realizes qualified dividend 
income, the Access Fund will report to its Limited Partners their respective shares of such income. 
Notwithstanding the above, a Limited Partner's allocable sham of qualified dividend income will not 
qualify for the reduced rate to the extent such Limited Partner elects to include such dividend income as 
investment income for purposes of the investment interest expense deduction discussed below. A Limited 
Partner's foreign tax credit may be limited to the extent it relates to qualified dividend income taxed at the 
reduced rates of tax. 
Dividends-Received Deduction. A portion of income from the Access Fund allocable to corporate Limited 
Partners may qualify for the "dividends-received deduction." The dividends-received deduction applies to 
certain dividends received from certain corporations. 
Medicare Tax. A 3.8% Medicare contribution tax generally is imposed on the net investment income of 
U.S. individuals, estates and trusts whose income exceeds certain threshold amounts. For U.S. individuals. 
this threshold generally will be exceeded if an individual has adjusted gross income that exceeds $200,000 
($250,000 if married and filing jointly/$125,000 if married and filing separately). For this purpose, net 
investment income generally is expected to include a Limited Partner's distributive sham of the Access 
Fund's income and net gains, as well as net capital gains attributable to a sale of the Limited Partner's 
Interests, over deductions properly allocable to such income and net gains. Prospective Limited Partners 
that are U.S. individuals, estates or trusts am urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the applicability 
of the Medicare tax in their particular circumstances. 
Taxation of Interests—Other Taxes. The Access Fund and Limited Partners may be subject to other taxes, 
such as the alternative minimum tax and foreign, state and local income taxes (including withholding taxes) 
and estate, inheritance or intangible property taxes that may be imposed by various jurisdictions, including 
the State and City of New York, where the Access Fund's principal office is currently located, and any 
other state in which the Access Fund is deemed to conduct business or hold assets. For taxable years 
beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1. 2026, substantial limitations will apply to 
investors' ability to deduct their allocable share of any such state and local taxes. Each prospective investor 
should consider the potential consequences of such taxes on an investment in the Access Fund. It is the 
responsibility of each prospective investor to satisfy itself as to. among other things, the legal and tax 
consequences of an investment in the Access Fund under state law, including the laws of the state(s) of its 
domicile and its residence, by obtaining advice from its own tax advisor, and to file all appropriate tax 
returns that may be required. 
The Access Fund will treat any tax withheld from or otherwise payable with respect to income allocable to 
the Access Fund as cash received by the Access Fund and will treat each Limited Partner as receiving as a 
distribution the portion of such tax that is attributable to such Limited Partner and therefore shall reduce 
distributions otherwise to be made to such Limited Partner. Similar provisions would apply in the case of 
taxes required to be withheld by the Access Fund or when the Access Fund must pay taxes on behalf of the 
Limited Partners. 
Possible Legislative or Other Changes. The Code, with respect to all of the foregoing matters and other 
matters that may affect the Access Fund or its Limited Partners, is subject to change by Congress. In recent 
years. them have been significant changes in the Code, some of which arc being reconsidered by Congress 
and interpretations of which are being considered by the IRS and the courts. It is not possible at this time 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038808 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184992 
EFTA01354214

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354215.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
to predict whether, or to what extent, any changes in the Code or interpretations thereof will occur. 
Prospective Limited Partners should note that the Access Fund will not undertake to advise Limited Partners 
of any legislative or other developments. No rulings have been or will be requested from the IRS. 
Furthermore, any changes in the Partnership Agreement or the operations of the Access Fund could affect 
the tax consequences described above. Prospective Limited Partners should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding pending and proposed legislation or other changes. 
The foregoing is a summary of some of the important U.S. federal income tax rules and considerations 
affecting the Limited Partners and the Fund's operations and does not purport to be a complete analysis of 
all relevant tax rules and considerations, nor does it purport to be a complete listing of all potential tax risks 
inherent in purchasing or holding an interest in the Access Fund. Prospective investors in the Access Fund 
are urged to consult their own tax advisors. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY MATTERS 
Securities Act of 1933. The offer and sale of the Interests will not be registered under the Securities Act, 
or any other federal, state or foreign securities laws. including state blue sky laws. The Interests are offered 
in reliance upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities Act and/or Regulation D 
promulgated thereunder, and similar regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") 
applicable to transactions not involving a public offering. Each investor will be required in the Subscription 
Agreement pursuant to which it subscribes for an Interest to make customary private placement 
representations and warranties, including representations as to its status as an "accredited investor" under 
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be prepared to bear the economic risk of the investment in the Interests for an indefinite 
period because the Interests cannot be sold unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act 
or an exemption for such registration is available. It is extremely unlikely that the Interests will ever be 
registered under the Securities Act. The Interests may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under 
the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. 
As described elsewhere in this Memorandum, the transferability of the Interests will be further restricted 
by the terms of the Partnership Agreement. 
Mandated Disclosure of Certain Events. Investors am hereby notified of the following with respect to 
Raymond James, who will act as a Placement Agent with respect to offering of the Interests: 
Beginning in 201 I. without admitting or denying any allegations, Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. 
("Raymond James") settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and the District of 
Columbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or engaged in dishonest or unethical practices (or 
substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant state statutes) related to the sale of auction 
rate securities (ARS). The basis of the allegations was that Raymond James offered and sold to some of 
their customers ARS while not accurately characterizing or while failing to adequately disclose the true 
nature and risks associated with these investments. Although Raymond James' ARS trade confirmations 
disclosed the risk that ARS auctions could fail and that Raymond James were not obliged to ensure their 
success, at the point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers inaccurately described ARS. As 
a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to purchase eligible ARS from eligible customers 
and to pay fines. Raymond James have completed all undertakings required under the settlement orders. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038809 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184993 
EFTA01354215

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354216.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
U.S Securities Exchange Act of 1934. It is not expected that the Access Fund will be required to register 
the Interests under Section 12(g) or any other provision of the Exchange Act. The Access Fund does not 
expect to have any class of equity security held of record by two thousand (2,000) or more persons and 
expects to meet the other exemptions available under the Exchange Act. As a result, the Access Fund would 
not be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the Exchange Act and investors should 
only expect to receive the information and reports required to be delivered pursuant to the Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investment Company Act of 1940. It is anticipated that the Access Fund will be excepted from the 
definition of "investment company" in reliance on the exception contained in Section 3(cX7) of the 
Investment Company Act and, thus, exempt from the registration requirements of the Investment Company 
Act. Accordingly, the Access Fund expects that it will sell Interests only to "qualified purchasers" as 
defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act. This exception is available only to an issuer 
which is not making and does not presently propose to make a public offering of its securities. With respect 
to the determination that an investor meets the definition of-qualified purchaser" in connection with the 
exception contained in Section 3(cX7), the Access Fund will obtain and rely on appropriate representations 
and undertakings from investors in order to ensure that the Access Fund meets the conditions of the relevant 
exception on an ongoing basis. The General Partner reserves the right to prevent the ownership of Interests 
by any person if the effect of such ownership would preclude the Access Fund from relying on Section 
3(cX7) of the Investment Company Act or otherwise require the Access Fund to register as an "investment 
company" under the Investment Company Act. 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1974. The General Partner (0 will qualify for an exemption from registration 
as a CPO with respect to the Access Fund pursuant to CFTC Rule 4.13(aX3) under the Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1974, as amended, and plans to file a notice to claim such exemption with the National 
Futures Association ("NFA") and (ii) qualifies for an exemption from registration with the CFTC as a 
commodity trading advisor ("CTA") under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(5). The Investment Manager is exempt 
from registration as a CTA under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(8) and has filed a notice to claim such exemption 
with the NFA. Accordingly, the General Partner and the Investment Manager will not be subject to certain 
regulatory requirements with respect to the Access Fund (which are intended to provide certain regulatory 
safeguards to investors) that would otherwise be applicable absent such exemptions. If any figure 
regulatory change causes the General Partner or Investment Manager to lose any applicable exemption, 
there could be a material adverse effect on the Access Fund. 
Certain Legal Considerations. The offer and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law, and an investment in the Access Fund may involve legal requirements. non-U.S. exchange 
restrictions and tax considerations unique to the Investor. None of the Placement Agents, the Investment 
Manager, the General Partner or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation with respect to 
whether any Limited Partner is permitted to hold such Interests. Interests that are acquired by any person, 
or in any transaction, in violation of applicable law, as determined by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion, may be mandatorily redeemed. Prospective investors should consult their own legal and tax 
advisors regarding such considerations prior to making an investment decision. 
Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Requirements. 
In response to increased regulatory 
requirements with respect to the sources of funds used in investments and other activities, the General 
Partner may require prospective investors to provide documentation verifying, among other things, such 
investor's and any of its beneficial owners' identities and source and use of finds used to purchase an 
Interest. The General Partner may decline to accept a subscription if this information is not provided or on 
the basis of such information that is provided. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038810 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184994 
EFTA01354216

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354217.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Furthermom, in response to increased regulatory concerns with respect to the sources of funds used in 
investments and other activities, the Glendower GP may request the Access Fund in its capacity as limited 
partner to provide additional documentation verifying, among other things, its source of funds used to 
purchase the investments. Each Investor will be required to make such representations to the Access Fund 
as the General Partner, the Investment Manager, and the Access Fund shall require in connection with 
applicable anti-money laundering programs, including, representations to the Access Fund that such 
investor is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a prohibited country, territory. individual or entity listed on 
the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") wcbsitc, and that it is not 
directly or indirectly affiliated with any country, territory, individual or entity named on an OFAC list or 
prohibited by any OFAC sanctions programs. Such Investor will also represent to the Access Fund that 
amounts contributed by it to the Access Fund were not directly or indirectly derived from activities that 
may contravene U.S. federal, state or international laws and regulations, including, any applicable anti-
money laundering laws and regulations. 
Requests for documentation and additional information may be made at any time during which an investor 
holds an Interest. The General Partner will take such steps as it determines are necessary to comply with 
applicable law, regulations, orders, directives or special measures to implement anti-money laundering law. 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive. Neither the General Partner nor the Investment 
Manager is authorized or expected to become authorized under the European Union's Directive 2011/6I/EU 
on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive") as of the date of this Memorandum, 
and the substantive requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative Investment Fund Manager" 
("AIFM") under the AIFM Directive or any national implementing law are not applicable to the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager will market 
Interests (or permit Interests to be marketed on their behalf) to any prospective investor located, resident or 
domiciled or with a registered office in or organized under the laws of a relevant member state (each, a 
"Member State") of the European Economic Area ("EEA" )2, when such marketing is reasonably likely to 
give rise to the application of any requirement of the AIFM Directive to the Access Fund or the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The General Partner intends to organize and operate the Access Fund so that an investment in the Access 
Fund will be a permissible investment for pension, profit sharing and other retirement plans which arc 
subject to ERISA. As explained below, the General Partner expects that the ownership of the Access Fund 
by benefit plan investors shall be limited, so that the assets of the Access Fund will not be "plan assets" 
within the meaning of ERISA. 
A fiduciary of a U.S. pension, profit sharing, or other employee benefit plan or trust subject to ERISA (each 
such plan or trust, an "ERISA Plan") should consider fiduciary standards under ERISA in the context of 
the ERISA Plan's particular circumstances before authorizing an investment of a portion of such ERISA 
Plan's assets in the Access Fund. The fiduciary standards include the prudence, diversification, and 
governance requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA. ERISA Plan fiduciaries must give appropriate 
consideration to, among other things, the role that an investment in the Access Fund has in the ERISA 
Plan's investment portfolio, taking into account the ERISA Plan's purposes, the risk of loss and the potential 
lie following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark. Estonia, 
Finland, France. Germany, Greece, Hungary., Iceland, Republic of Ireland, Italy. Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania. Luxembourg, 
Malta, The Netherlands. Norway. Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain. Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038811 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184995 
EFTA01354217

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354218.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354218.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
return in respect of such investment, the composition of the ERISA Plan's portfolio, the liquidity and 
current return of the total portfolio relative to the anticipated cash flow needs of the ERISA Plan and the 
projected return of the portfolio relative to the ERISA Plan's funding objectives. A fiduciary of an ERISA 
Plan should also consider whether an investment in the Access Fund might constitute or give rise to a 
-prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of Code. 
The trustee or other person who is contemplating an investment of a portion of the assets of an individual 
retirement account (-IRA") described in Section 408 of the Code that is not subject to Title I of ERISA, or 
any pension, profit sharing, Keogh or other retirement employee benefit plan that is not subject to Title I of 
ERISA but is qualified under Section 40I(a) of the Code, or of an investment fund or other collective 
investment vehicle that contains assets of one or more such accounts or plans (each such plan, an 
"Individual Plan", and each Individual Plan to which Section 4975 of the Code applies and each ERISA 
Plan, a "Plan") in the Interests should carefully consider, taking into account the facts and circumstances 
of the Individual Plan, whether: such investment is consistent with the Individual Plan's needs for sufficient 
liquidity to pay benefits when due, given that there is not expected to be a market in which to sell or 
otherwise dispose of the Interests: such trustee or other person has authority to make such investment under 
the appropriate governing instrument; and the acquisition or holding of an the Interest in the Access Fund 
will result in a non-exempt -prohibited transaction" under Section 4975 of the Code. 
On June 9, 2017, the U.S. Department of Labor promulgated new rules (the "2017 Fiduciary Rule") that 
substantially broaden the types of activities that create a fiduciary relationship between certain persons, 
including marketing professionals, and a Plan. Subject to certain conditions, the 2017 Fiduciary Rule 
includes an exception (the 'Seller's Exclusion") for (1) sophisticated institutional ERISA Plans and (2) 
smaller ERISA Plans and Individual Plans that are represented by a sophisticated independent fiduciary. 
The General Partner intends to rely on the Seller's Exclusion in connection with any investment decision 
made by any Plan with respect to the Access Fund. However, if it were determined that the Seller's 
Exclusion did not apply to a Plan's investment in the Access Fund and that the General Partner, Investment 
Manager or one of its affiliates (the 'Sponsor") had provided "investment advice" to such Plan with respect 
to such investment decision, the Sponsor may be considered a fiduciary under the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. If 
the Sponsor is found to be a fiduciary, to a Plan investor, the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA 
and the Code will generally apply and certain arrangements between the Sponsor and the Access Fund 
and/or the Plan may violate ERISA's "prohibited transactions" rules. Due to the 2017 Fiduciary Rule's 
relatively recent effectiveness, there is still uncertainty as to the manner in which the U.S. Department of 
Labor interprets many aspects of the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. 
Under ERISA and the regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Labor, investments by 
a Plan in the Access Fund may cause the General Partner to be subject to fiduciary responsibility rules 
under ERISA. If the Access Fund's Assets are treated as "plan assets" of an ERISA Plan or the Sponsor is 
considered a fiduciary as a result of the Plan's investment in the Access Fund, the fiduciary standards and 
prohibited transaction rules referred to above would apply to the Access Fund's holdings and the General 
Partner's ability to invest Access Fund Assets. The Access Fund's Assets will not be treated as -plan assets" 
of a Plan, however, if investment by "benefit plan investors" (as defined in ERISA) in the Access Fund is 
not "significant" for purposes of ERISA, meaning that less than 25% of each class of equity interest in the 
Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," which includes any Plan and any entities holding plan 
assets (to the extent of the percentage of equity interests held by benefit plan investors). Equity interests 
held by the General Partner or its affiliates are disregarded for purposes of applying the 25% ownership 
rule. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) less than 25% of the total value of 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038812 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184996 
EFTA01354218

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354219.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
each class of equity interests (disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) in 
the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA 
and the regulations thereunder, and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan assets 
subject to the fiduciary, standards of Part 4 of Tide I of ERISA. The General Partner will rely on the 
representations of the investors as to their benefit plan investor status in making the determination of 
whether the subscriptions of benefit plan investors will be limited. If the assets of the Access Fund were 
deemed to be -plan assets" under ERISA, (i) the prudence and other requirements of Title I of ERISA 
would apply to investments made by the Access Fund, (ii) the General Partner and any additional 
investment advisors would be plan "fiduciaries" under ERISA with respect to ERISA Plan investors, and 
ERISA Plan investors or other employee benefit plan investors may have improperly delegated fiduciary 
responsibility to the General Partner, and (iii) the Access Fund may be required to withdraw from an 
Underlying Fund and may incur significant liability to the Underlying Fund. 
On the Form 5500 Annual Return (-Form 5500"), ERISA Plan investors may be required to report certain 
compensation paid by the Access Fund (or by third-panics) to the Access Fund's service providers as 
- reportable indirect compensation" on Schedule C to the Form 5500. To the extent any compensation 
arrangements described herein constitute reportable indirect compensation required to be reported on 
Schedule C to the Form 5500, any such descriptions are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 
the alternative reporting option for "eligible indirect compensation," as defined for purposes of Schedule C 
to the Form 5500. 
Although federal, state and local governmental pension plans am not subject to ERISA, applicable 
provisions of federal and state law may restrict the type of investments such a plan may make or otherwise 
have an impact on such a plan's ability to invest in the Access Fund. Accordingly, state and local 
governmental pension plans considering an investment in the Access Fund should consult with their counsel 
regarding their proposed investment in the Access Fund. 
WHETHER OR NOT THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND ARE DEEMED 
PLAN ASSETS UNDER APPLICABLE REGULATIONS, AN INVESTMENT IN THE ACCESS 
FUND BY AN ERISA PLAN IS SUBJECT TO ERISA AND INVESTMENTS BY OTHER TYPES 
OF EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. ACCORDINGLY, FIDUCIARIES OF ERISA PLANS SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN COUNSEL AS TO THE CONSEQUENCES UNDER ERISA OR 
APPLICABLE LAW OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS. 
THE FOREGOING DISCUSSION OF ERISA AND CODE ISSUES SHOULD NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS LEGAL ADVICE. FIDUCIARIES OF PLANS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
OWN COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO ISSUES ARISING UNDER ERISA AND THE CODE AND 
MAKE THEIR OWN INDEPENDENT DECISION REGARDING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
ACCESS FUND. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038813 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184997 
EFTA01354219

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354220.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Private Placement Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, L.P. 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
March 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement') may only be distributed in conjunction with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the "Memorandum') relating to the offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests') In Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund'), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and the Memorandum. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038814 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184998 
EFTA01354220

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354221.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the "Supplement") is intended to modify and update the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"). The Access Fund is expected to invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with any 
parallel funds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the extent that any statement or information contained 
in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this Supplement, such statement or information is hereby amended 
by this Supplement. The Memorandum remains in effect except to the extent supplemented or modified 
herein, and nothing herein modifies or changes or should be deemed to modify or change in any way the 
information contained in the section entitled "Important Disclosures- in the Memorandum. Capitalized 
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum. All 
references in the Memorandum to -this Memorandum" shall refer to the Memorandum as supplemented 
hereby. This Supplement has been furnished on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or used for 
any other purposes. Each person accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to return it to the General Partner 
promptly at the request of the General Partner or if such person determines not to invest in the Access Fund, 
including indirectly through Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and together with the Access Fund, the "Access Funds"). Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein (and in the Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, and any other related 
documents) to the contrary, each Investor (and each employee, representative, or other agent of each such 
Investor) may disclose to their advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or 
to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the tax 
treatment and tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that arc provided to Investors relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, provided, however. 
that no Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other 
information that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction 
(including the identity of the party and any information that could lead another to determine the identity of 
any party) or any other information to the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in violation of 
any U.S. federal or state securities law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide updated information 
regarding certain changes to the terms of the Access Fund. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038815 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00184999 
EFTA01354221

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354222.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Changes to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The following information set forth in the Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund is hereby 
amended with the changes as marked below: 
Access Fund Expenses: 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, including: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; expenses and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax reporting including under the U.S. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs or expenses in connection with the 
Access Fund's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying Fund and any subsequent closing 
interest charged to the Access Fund); extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, including indemnification 
expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or 
sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, administrative (including any fees 
and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General Partner), custodial 
and registration services provided to the Access Fund and any expenses attributable to consulting services, 
including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities by the Access 
Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or otherwise relating to the preparation 
of form documentation in respect of Transfers; fccs and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement to 
provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the process for Limited Partners to sell all or 
any portion of their Interests; reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as travel, 
research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of the Access Fund in respect of 
the Underlying Fund and the management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses (including 
travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or othenvise holding meetings or conferences 
with Limited Partners. whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the Placement Agents, 
whether internal or provided by a third party service provider, utilized for risk management, measurement 
and valuation purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility or regulatory 
obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the Access Fund, the General Partner or 
the Investment Manager. Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses associated with 
the ongoing operations of any alternative investment vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; 
legal and recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, economists, outside counsel, 
accountants and other third-party service providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment vehicles, including tax preparation 
expenses; expenses relating to any audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary expenses). In addition to the 
foregoing, Access Fund expenses will include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all 
of the operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or relating to a Feeder Fund shall 
be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses 
of the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly borne by the limited partners 
of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund); provided, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038816 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185000 
EFTA01354222

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354223.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354223.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific Feeder Fund will be determined 
with respect to, and paid separately by, such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner 
in its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access Fund to fund their share of 
Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a 
Limited Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund their share 
of Access Fund expenses); except as otherwise_oravided_herein_or ittthe_Partnersbio_Aoreemeth. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds) will 
indirectly bear the cost of the Access Fund's pro raw share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the Access Fund 
as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund expenses by virtue of being a Limited 
Partner of the Access Fund. To the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred by 
the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of the Access Fund and/or any Parallel 
Access Funds established in connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying Fund, 
the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the Access Fund and such Parallel Access 
Funds as it reasonably deems appropriate. 
Indemnification: 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, the respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, directors, managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets of the Access Fund, including the 
capital calls from the Limited Partners-Ewhielt-eapdal-ealls-fer-indemoifieaden-eipeoses-artemside-ef-a 
krimited-Pactner-4-SubseFimien), and from the proceeds of liability insurance and any-assets-f-rem 
anvccrtain recalleds of Distributions (sec "- Capital Calls- and "Limned Partner Gnieback-), against 
certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and 
indirectly the Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts will be callable from Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund to the full extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of dDistributions as described in  Limited Partner Givehack below 
Limited Partner Giveback: 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other liability or is otherwise required to return 
distributions to the Underlying Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in its capacity as a limited partner of 
the Underlying Fund), each Limited Partner may be required to return distributions received from the 
Access Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; provided. however, that the 
aggregate amount of such returns from any Limited Partner shall not exceed the-aggregate-amount•ef25% 
of all _distributions received by such Limited Partner (44-being-unflersteeel-that-aelditionel-amounts-ima)-be 
called-freinfrom the Access Fund, unless the Access Fund is otherwise required to return Distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA (in which case a Limited Partner would be
required to bear its proportionate share of such return obligation):providedjiirther that no Limited Partner 
shall be required to return distributions to the Access Fund after the IH-month anniversary of the last day 
of the Term (provided that if at the end of such period there are any proceedings or claims outstanding. the 
General Partner shall notify the Limited Partners and the obligation to indemnify shall be extended until 
the date such proceedings  or claims are ultimately resolved and distributions are returned to the Limited 
Partners in respect of-indemnifiention-txpensesi-whieli-antetints-are-ouiside-eltlimited-Partherzs 
Subseciptionthereol). 
Changes to Ill Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038817 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185001 
EFTA01354223

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354224.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
The following information set forth in the fourth paragraph of "Certain Risk Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund" is hereby amended with the 
changes as marked below: 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and its affiliates. There have been 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In-addition-eapitel-conhibutions-to-fundthe.Aceess-Fund's-inderonity-obligationserootitsideole-Limited 
Partner'-Subseriptien, Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Repayment 
of Distributions" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund may be required to repay to the Underlying Fund or to pay creditors of the Underlying 
Fund, as applicable, distributions previously received by it. In addition, the Access Fund may be required 
to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts that are required to be withheld by the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes TheSubject to certain rectrictionq in the Partnership Ap,r 
t the Access Fund may require 
Limited Partners to return to the Access Fund ell-er-part-ef-an,-distributions made by the Access Fund to 
the Limited Partners in order to satisfy all or any portion of the Access Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or otherwise. Similarly, Limited Partners may also be required to repay 
or pay such amount to the Access Fund if the Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Indemnity 
Obligation" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
administrator and certain of their affiliates and representatives (including any sub-advisor or other similar 
service provider) for liabilities incurred in connection with the affairs of the Access Fund. Any such 
indemnification (and the expenses thereof) will be in addition to the indemnification granted under the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038818 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185002 
EFTA01354224

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354225.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity obligations and any indemnification 
granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and the investments of the Underlying Fund), 
including the obligation to return distributions to fund any such Underlying Fund indemnification (with the 
Limited Partners in turn being required to return distributions). The Access Fund's indemnification 
obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be funded by capital calls from the Limited Partners or 
through the return of Distributions previously made to the Limited Partners.  A-himited-Panner:s-obligatien 
guhseFiptienramil-therefere-witl-net-be-eapped sulajecLto_certainexceptions and restrictions set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement. In addition, the Access Fund's assets, including any investments held by the Access 
Fund (including cash or cash equivalents), arc available to satisfy all liabilities and other obligations of the 
Access Fund, including indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund an indemnification claim will 
survive the dissolution of the Access Fund. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Multiple 
Layers of Expenses" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each have expenses and management costs that will be borne, 
directly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Access Fund) or indirectly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Underlying Fund), by the Access Fund. Further, distributions from the Underlying Fund to the 
Access Fund will be subject to the carried interest of the Glendower GP. In addition, certain expenses will 
be apart from a Limited Partner's Subscription, including indemnifieatieit-espeftses-and-eenain-ether 
required-payinentsr inelinling-transfer expenses, interest expenses in connection with subsequent closings, 
certain tax preparation and other expenses attributable to specific limited partners. A Limited Partner's 
obligation to fund these expenses will not be capped. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038819 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185003 
EFTA01354225

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354226.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Appendix A 
Underlying Fund Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038820 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185004 
EFTA01354226

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354227.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower 
Capital 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185005 
DB-SDNY-0038821 
EFTA01354227

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354228.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038822 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185006 
EFTA01354228

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354229.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
$1,750.000,000 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM, DATED 
MARCH 2018 (THIS -MEMORANDUM"), IS BEING CIRCULATED TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF QUALIFIED 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS FOR THE PURPOSE OF EVALUATING AN INVESTMENT IN THE LIMITED 
PARTNER INTERESTS (THE • INTERESTS') OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND IV, LP (THE "FUND'). THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING CIRCULATED BY GLENDOWER CAPITAL 
LLP (THE "MANAGER') WHICH IS AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED BY THE UK FINANCIAL CONDUCT 
AUTHORITY (THE 'FCA'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM AMENDS, RESTATES AND REPLACES THE 
CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM OF THE FUND, DATED OCTOBER 2017, AND 
THE SUPPLEMENTS THERETO. 
THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES A FINANCIAL PROMOTION FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE UK 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ('FSMA'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR DISTRIBUTED, NOR MAY ITS 
CONTENTS BE DISCLOSED, TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT DIRECTLY INVOLVED WITH THE 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR'S DECISION REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF INTERESTS WITHOUT THE 
PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE MANAGER. BY ACCEPTING DELIVERY OF THIS MEMORANDUM, 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO THE FOREGOING. 
THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT LIMIT THE DISCLOSURE OF THE TAX TREATMENT OR TAX 
STRUCTURE OF THE FUND (OR ANY TRANSACTIONS UNDERTAKEN BY THE FUND). AS USED IN 
THIS PARAGRAPH, THE TERM 'TAX TREATMENT' REFERS TO THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT AND THE TERM 'TAX STRUCTURE' REFERS TO ANY FACT 
THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO UNDERSTANDING THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX TREATMENT, PROVIDED THAT, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT. (A) EXCEPT TO THE 
EXTENT OTHERWISE ESTABLISHED IN PUBLISHED GUIDANCE BY THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE, TAX TREATMENT AND TAX STRUCTURE SHALL NOT INCLUDE THE NAME OF, CONTACT 
INFORMATION FOR, OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR IDENTIFYING INFORMATION REGARDING THE FUND 
OR ANY OF ITS INVESTMENTS (INCLUDING THE NAMES OF ANY EMPLOYEES OR AFFILIATES 
THEREOF) AND (B) NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL LIMIT THE ABILITY OF A PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR TO MAKE ANY DISCLOSURE TO THE INVESTOR'S TAX ADVISERS OR TO THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER TAXING AUTHORITY. 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN EXAMINATION OF 
THE FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED, APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE FCA, 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER NON-U. S. SECURITIES COMMISSION OR 
REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT 
CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. SEE 'APPENDIX 1: NOTICES TO 
INVESTORS IN SPECIFIC JURISDICTIONS" FOR LEGENDS RELATING TO THOSE JURISDICTIONS IN 
WHICH THE INTERESTS SHALL BE OFFERED AND, BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO BE BOUND BY EACH RELEVANT LEGEND AND 
CORRESPONDING RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN APPENDIX 1. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING COMMUNICATED IN THE UK ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
CONSIDERED TO BE "PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS' OR WHO MAY, ON REQUEST, BE TREATED AS 
"PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS' WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANNEX II TO THE MARKETS IN FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS DIRECTIVE (2014/65/EU) (PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM 
MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS. ANY INTERESTS TO WHICH THIS MEMORANDUM RELATES ARE AVAILABLE ONLY TO 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS. THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT AN APPROVED PROSPECTUS FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF SECTION 85 OF FSMA. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038823 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185007 
EFTA01354229

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354230.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354230.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
THE FUND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED. THE INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY 
HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. AS 
AMENDED (THE 'SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE OR OTHER SECURITIES LAWS OR THE LAWS 
OF ANY NON-U.S. JURISDICTION. THE INTERESTS WILL BE OFFERED AND SOLD FOR INVESTMENT 
ONLY TO QUALIFYING RECIPIENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY SECTION 4(A)(2) 
THEREOF AND REGULATION D PROMULGATED THEREUNDER AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE U.S. AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE OFFERING 
WILL BE MADE. THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR THE INTERESTS AND THERE IS NO 
OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF ANY PERSON TO REGISTER THE INTERESTS UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. 
THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE NON-U.S. SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO 
REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE INTERESTS WILL 
BE FURTHER RESTRICTED BY THE TERMS OF THE FUND'S LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
(THE "FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT"). INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS FOR AN 
INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
THE INTERESTS ARE OFFERED SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE AND ANY SUBSCRIPTION FOR 
INTERESTS BY AN INVESTOR MAY BE REJECTED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART. AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
INTERESTS WILL INVOLVE SIGNIFICANT RISKS DUE, AMONG OTHER THINGS, TO THE NATURE OF 
THE INVESTMENTS THE FUND INTENDS TO MAKE AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE 
FUND'S RATE OF RETURN OBJECTIVES WILL BE REALIZED OR THAT THERE WILL BE ANY RETURN 
OF CAPITAL. SEE "SECTION 7: RISK FACTORS' AND "SECTION 8: CONFLICTS OF INTEREST-. 
INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE THE FINANCIAL ABILITY AND WILLINGNESS TO ACCEPT THE RISKS 
AND LACK OF LIQUIDITY THAT ARE CHARACTERISTIC OF THE INVESTMENT DESCRIBED HEREIN. 
INVESTORS IN THE FUND MUST BE PREPARED TO BEAR SUCH RISKS FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD 
OF TIME. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOT CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM AS 
LEGAL, TAX, INVESTMENT OR OTHER ADVICE. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD MAKE ITS 
OWN INQUIRIES AND CONSULT ITS ADVISERS AS TO THE FUND AND THIS OFFERING AND AS TO 
LEGAL, TAX. FINANCIAL AND OTHER RELEVANT MATTERS CONCERNING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
INTERESTS AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE INVESTMENT FOR SUCH INVESTOR.
IN CONSIDERING THE PRIOR PERFORMANCE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (INCLUDING IN 
RESPECT OF DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND A, L.P., DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND B, L.P. AND DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND C, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND D, L.P.. SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP AND SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND III, LP (TOGETHER, THE "SOF FUNDS"), PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD 
BEAR IN MIND THAT PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE 
RESULTS AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE FUND WILL ACHIEVE COMPARABLE 
RESULTS. 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ALL REFERENCES TO RATES OF RETURN OR 
INTERNAL RATES OF RETURN IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE TO RATES OF RETURN ON 
INVESTMENTS ON A GROSS BASIS AND, AS SUCH, EXCLUDE THE EFFECT OF PRIORITY PROFIT 
SHARE, MANAGEMENT FEES AND EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MAY, UPON REQUEST, OBTAIN A HYPOTHETICAL ILLUSTRATION OF 
THE EFFECT OF FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES ON THE RETURNS, 
BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY SUCH ILLUSTRATION IS HYPOTHETICAL AND, AS SUCH, IS LIKELY 
TO PRODUCE DIFFERENT RESULTS FROM THOSE ACTUALLY OBTAINED AS A RESULT OF THE 
APPLICATION OF THE RELEVANT FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONTACT REPRESENTATIVES OF THE 
MANAGER TO DISCUSS THE PROCEDURES AND METHODOLOGIES USED TO CALCULATE THE 
INVESTMENT RETURNS AND OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED, BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT THEIR 
INVESTMENT MUST BE BASED SOLELY ON THE INFORMATION IN THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS FINAL 
FORM AND IN THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD TAKE NOTE THAT, AS DESCRIBED IN "HISTORY" IN SECTION 1: EXECUTIVE SUMMARY OF 
THIS MEMORANDUM, NOT ALL MEMBERS OF THE INVESTMENT AND OPERATIONS TEAMS THAT 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038824 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185008 
EFTA01354230

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354231.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
MANAGED THE SOF FUNDS AT DEUTSCHE BANK HAVE JOINED THE MANAGER AND GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL (U.S.), LLC (THE 'U.S. ADVISER'). 
ACCORDINGLY, IN EVALUATING THE PAST 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOF FUNDS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE 
PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER WERE FORMALLY PART 
OF DEUTSCHE BANK, A LARGE INSTITUTION, AND, IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTMENTS 
COMPRISING THE TRACK RECORD OF THE SOF FUNDS, SUCH PERSONS FUNCTIONED AS PART 
OF A LARGER GROUP WITHIN DEUTSCHE BANK AND THE SUCCESS OR OTHERWISE OF THE SOF 
FUNDS SHOULD NOT BE SOLELY ATTRIBUTED TO THE PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE 
MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER. 
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES "FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS," WHICH CAN BE IDENTIFIED BY THE USE OF FORWARD-LOOKING TERMINOLOGY 
SUCH AS "MAY,' "WILL.- SHOULD," 'EXPECT,' 'ANTICIPATE,' -PROJECT,' ESTIMATE," "INTEND,' 
"CONTINUE' OR "BELIEVE' OR THE NEGATIVES THEREOF OR OTHER VARIATIONS THEREON OR 
OTHER COMPARABLE TERMINOLOGY. DUE TO VARIOUS RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES, INCLUDING 
THOSE DESCRIBED IN THIS MEMORANDUM, ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS OR THE ACTUAL 
PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE REFLECTED OR 
CONTEMPLATED IN SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. NO REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO FUTURE PERFORMANCE OR SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN PREPARED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT THE LEGAL AND TAX 
STRUCTURE REQUIRED TO CONDUCT THE ACTIVITIES OF THE FUND HAS ALREADY BEEN FULLY 
IMPLEMENTED AND THAT ALL REGULATORY, TAX AND OTHER CLEARANCES HAVE BEEN 
OBTAINED. THE STRUCTURE WILL HAVE BEEN IMPLEMENTED PRIOR TO THE FIRST CLOSING OF 
THE FUND. IN PARTICULAR, THIS MEMORANDUM MAKES REFERENCE TO THE MANAGER BEING 
AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED AS AN "ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND MANAGER" BY THE FCA. 
AS OF THE DATE HEREOF, THE MANAGER IS AWAITING FINAL CONFIRMATION OF ITS 
AUTHORIZATION FROM THE FCA. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE FIRST CLOSING OF THE 
FUND WILL NOT OCCUR UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE MANAGER HAS RECEIVED THE NECESSARY 
AUTHORIZATIONS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION IN ANY JURISDICTION 
TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY TO WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION 
IN SUCH STATE OR JURISDICTION. THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING AND THE INTERESTS 
DESCRIBED HEREIN MAY BE MODIFIED AT ANY TIME. IN THE EVENT THAT THE DESCRIPTIONS OR 
TERMS IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE INCONSISTENT WITH OR CONTRARY TO THE FUND 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT (WHICH IS AVAILABLE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS UPON 
REQUEST), THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT SHALL CONTROL. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM OR THE DEFINITIVE SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENTS, AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH 
INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR THEREIN MUST NOT BE 
RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE MANAGER, THE FUND, ITS GENERAL 
PARTNER (THE "GENERAL PARTNER') OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES. THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN COMPILED AS OF THE DATE 
HEREOF UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED HEREIN, AND NEITHER THE DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM AT ANY TIME, NOR ANY SALE HEREUNDER, SHALL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES 
CREATE AN IMPLICATION THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS CORRECT AS OF ANY 
TIME SUBSEQUENT TO SUCH DATE. CERTAIN ECONOMIC AND MARKET INFORMATION 
CONTAINED HEREIN HAS BEEN OBTAINED FROM PUBLISHED SOURCES PREPARED BY OTHER 
PARTIES. WHILE SUCH SOURCES ARE BELIEVED TO BE RELIABLE, SUCH INFORMATION HAS NOT 
BEEN INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED AND NONE OF THE GENERAL PARTNER. THE FUND, THE 
MANAGER, THE U.S. ADVISER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ASSUMES ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER 
CREDIT SUISSE ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED ("CREDIT SUISSE') NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES 
HAS INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN OR THE INFORMATION 
OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE BY THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND OR THE MANAGER, AND 
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF 
SUCH INFORMATION OR ANY FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN 
Confidential Private Pbcement Memorandum 
Page iii 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038825 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185009 
EFTA01354231

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354232.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
THIS MEMORANDUM. 
EACH OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL, LLP AND THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE 'CFTC') AND IS 
NOT REGISTERED WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR ('CPO'), PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC REGULATION SECTION 4.13(AX3) FOR POOLS (A) WHOSE INTERESTS 
ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE OFFERED AND SOLD 
WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES, (B) WHOSE PARTICIPANTS ARE 
LIMITED TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND (C) WHOSE INVESTMENTS IN COMMODITY INTEREST 
POSITIONS ARE LIMITED SUCH THAT EITHER (1) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL MARGIN, PREMIUMS 
AND REQUIRED MINIMUM DEPOSIT FOR RETAIL FOREX TRANSACTIONS (AS DEFINED IN CFTC 
REGULATION SECTION 5.1(M)) REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH SUCH POSITIONS, DETERMINED AT THE 
TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE 
LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING INTO ACCOUNT UNREALIZED 
PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS ENTERED INTO, PROVIDED 
THAT, IN THE CASE OF AN OPTION THAT IS IN-THE-MONEY AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE, THE IN-
THE-MONEY AMOUNT AS DEFINED IN CFTC REGULATION SECTION 190.01 MAY BE EXCLUDED IN 
COMPUTING SUCH 5% OR (2) AN AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF SUCH POSITIONS, 
DETERMINED AT THE TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT 
EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING INTO 
ACCOUNT UNREALIZED PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS 
ENTERED INTO. THEREFORE, UNLIKE A REGISTERED CPO, NEITHER THE MANAGER NOR THE 
GENERAL PARTNER IS REQUIRED TO DELIVER A DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT (AS DEFINED IN THE 
CFTC REGULATIONS) AND A CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORT TO INVESTORS. 
THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE 
ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS 
NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THIS MEMORANDUM WAS PREPARED BY REPRESENTATIVES OF THE FUND AND IS BEING 
FURNISHED BY CREDIT SUISSE AS PLACEMENT AGENT SOLELY FOR USE BY PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. CREDIT SUISSE IS ACTING AS PLACEMENT 
AGENT FOR THE GENERAL PARTNER, AND, IN THAT CAPACITY, IS NOT ACTING AS INVESTMENT 
ADVISER, MUNICIPAL ADVISOR, OR FIDUCIARY TO POTENTIAL PURCHASERS IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE INTERESTS OFFERED IN THIS MEMORANDUM. IN ACTING AS PLACEMENT AGENT, 
CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ADVISING ANY RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM REGARDING WHETHER 
THE FUND IS MORE APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH RECIPIENT'S INVESTMENT NEEDS THAN OTHER 
SIMILAR FUNDS THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE. POTENTIAL INVESTORS MUST MAKE THEIR OWN 
INVESTMENT DECISIONS. IN MAKING THOSE DECISIONS, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD BE 
AWARE THAT CREDIT SUISSE WILL RECEIVE A PLACEMENT FEE FROM THE GENERAL PARTNER 
(OR ITS AFFILIATE) THAT IS GENERALLY BASED UPON THE AMOUNT OF INTERESTS IN THE FUND 
SUBSCRIBED FOR BY THE INVESTORS. CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ACTING AND WILL NOT ACT AS A 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 975 OF THE DODD-FRANK WALL STREET 
REFORM AND CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED 
THEREUNDER ('MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE'). ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL, OR INFORMATION THAT 
CREDIT SUISSE PROVIDES TO A MUNICIPAL ENTITY OR OBLIGATED PERSON AS DEFINED BY THE 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE ('COVERED PARTY') ARE PROVIDED ON AN ARM'S LENGTH BASIS AND 
NOT AS AN ADVISOR OR FIDUCIARY TO THE COVERED PARTY. COVERED PARTIES SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL ADVISORS BEFORE TAKING ACTION WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL OR INFORMATION PROVIDED TO THEM BY CREDIT 
SUISSE. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO WILL NOT SOLICIT A COVERED PARTY FOR DIRECT OR INDIRECT 
COMPENSATION ON BEHALF OF AN UNAFFILIATED INVESTMENT ADVISER FOR THE PURPOSE OF 
OBTAINING OR RETAINING AN ENGAGEMENT FOR THAT INVESTMENT ADVISER BY THE COVERED 
PARTY TO PROVIDE INVESTMENT ADVISORY SERVICES TO OR ON BEHALF OF THE COVERED 
PARTY. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO SEEKS TO DO BUSINESS WITH AND EARN FEES OR COMMISSIONS 
FROM AFFILIATES OF THE GENERAL PARTNER OF THE FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO COMPANIES, 
AS WELL AS WITH OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS THAT MAY HAVE SIMILAR OR 
DIFFERENT INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AS THE FUND. 
EXAMPLES OF SUCH BUSINESS MAY 
INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION: PROVISION OF FINANCING OR INVESTMENT BANKING SERVICES; 
LENDING OR ARRANGING CREDIT; PROVISION OF PRIME BROKERAGE; AND PLACEMENT 
SERVICES. ACCORDINGLY, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD RECOGNIZE THAT CREDIT SUISSE'S 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page Iv 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038826 
SONY GM_00185010 
EFTA01354232

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354233.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354233.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
PARTICIPATION AS PLACEMENT AGENT FOR THE INTERESTS MAY BE INFLUENCED BY ITS 
INTEREST IN SUCH CURRENT OR FUTURE FEES AND COMMISSIONS, INCLUDING DIFFERENTIALS 
IN THE PLACEMENT FEES THAT ARE OFFERED BY OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS FOR 
WHICH CREDIT SUISSE ACTS AS PLACEMENT AGENT. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO BE 
AWARE THAT CERTAIN AFFILIATES OR EMPLOYEES OF CREDIT SUISSE MIGHT INVEST IN THE 
FUND ON THEIR OWN BEHALF AND/OR ON BEHALF OF THEIR CLIENTS. POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSIDER THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS IN MAKING THEIR INVESTMENT DECISIONS. 
BY INVESTING IN THE FUND, EACH RECIPIENT CONSENTS TO THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS AND 
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS ARE NOT MATERIAL TO SUCH RECIPIENT'S 
DECISION TO PROVIDE SUCH CONSENT. 
CREDIT SUISSE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY TAX ADVICE. ANY TAX STATEMENT HEREIN REGARDING 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL TAX IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED. BY 
ANY TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING ANY PENALTIES. ANY SUCH STATEMENT 
HEREIN WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE MARKETING OR PROMOTION OF THE TRANSACTION(S) 
OR MATTER(S) TO WHICH THE STATEMENT RELATES. EACH TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE 
BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX 
ADVISOR. 
NOTICE TO NEW HAMPSHIRE RESIDENTS 
NEITHER THE FACT THAT A REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN APPLICATION FOR A LICENSE HAS 
BEEN FILED UNDER CHAPTER 421-B OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE REVISED STATUTES ANNOTATED 
WITH THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE NOR THE FACT THAT A SECURITY IS EFFECTIVELY 
REGISTERED OR A PERSON IS LICENSED IN THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE CONSTITUTES A 
FINDING BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE THAT ANY DOCUMENT FILED UNDER RSA 421-B IS TRUE. 
COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. NEITHER ANY SUCH FACT NOR THE FACT THAT AN 
EXEMPTION OR EXCEPTION IS AVAILABLE FOR A SECURITY OR A TRANSACTION MEANS THAT 
THE SECRETARY OF STATE HAS PASSED IN ANY WAY UPON THE MERITS OR QUALIFICATIONS 
OF, OR RECOMMENDED OR GIVEN APPROVAL TO, ANY PERSON. SECURITY. OR TRANSACTION. IT 
IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE, OR CAUSE TO BE MADE, TO ANY PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER. 
CUSTOMER, OR CLIENT ANY REPRESENTATION INCONSISTENT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS 
PARAGRAPH.
NOTICE TO FLORIDA PURCHASERS 
PURCHASERS 
OF 
SECURITIES 
THAT 
ARE 
EXEMPTED 
FROM 
REGISTRATION 
BY 
SECTION 517.061(11) OF THE FLORIDA SECURITIES AND INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT HAVE THE 
RIGHT TO VOID THEIR PURCHASE WITHIN THREE (3) DAYS AFTER THE FIRST TENDER OF 
CONSIDERATION UNLESS SALES ARE MADE TO FEWER THAN FIVE (5) PURCHASERS IN FLORIDA. 
'DOLLARS' AND'S' REFER IN ALL CASES TO UNITED STATES DOLLARS. 
MARCH 2018 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page v 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038827 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185011 
EFTA01354233

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354234.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
CONTACT INFORMATION 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 802 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Email: 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention' Joshua C Glaser 
Email: 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Michael J. Murphy 
Email: 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page vi 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038828 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185012 
EFTA01354234

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354235.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354235.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Table of Contents 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Appendices 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering  
101 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
102 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
108 
Appendix 6 Directory 
111 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
112 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038829 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185013 
EFTA01354235

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354236.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038830 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185014 
EFTA01354236

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354237.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354237.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038831 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185015 
EFTA01354237

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354238.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Executive Summary 
Overview 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (*SOF IN/' or the 'Fund') is being formed by Glendower Capital. 
LLP ("Glendower Capital', 'Glendower or the 'Manager), an independent investment firm, privately held by its 
partners and focused on secondary private markets. Glendower was formed by the secondary opportunities team that 
spun-out from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1. 2017. 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in aggregate commitments with the aim of generating attractive risk-adjusted 
investment returns, principally in the form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding and disposition of a 
diverse portfolio of investments including large and mid-market buyout, growth capital, venture capital, special situations. 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets primarily on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, (I) the acquisition of interests in established generalist 
and specialist private equity fund structures (including funds of funds. feeder funds and other similar structures) on the 
secondary market (each such fund or structure, a "Fund Secondary and. together. 'Fund Secondaries'), (i) the 
acquisition of investment interests in private equity fund structures or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary 
market through bespoke liquidity solutions (each such investment interest, a "GP-led Secondary and, together. 'GP-led 
Secondaries"), and (iii) co-investments in individual portfolio companies alongside private equity kind sponsors (each 
such co-investment, a 'Single Asset Dear). 
SOF IV will be the fourth dedicated secondary fund led by Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith (the 'Managing 
Partners") and invested by Glendower Capital's team of investment professionals. 
As described in *History' 
(immediately below), this will be the first dedicated secondary fund raised outside of Deutsche Asset Management by the 
Managing Partners and the Glendower SOF Team (as defined below) and managed by Glendower Capital. 
History 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith, Managing Partners of Glendower. co-founded Deutsche Asset Management's 
Secondary Opportunities Fund investment program (the 'SOF Business') in 2006 after having worked together from 
2003 to 2006 to restructure and wind down Deutsche Bank's E5.1 billion proprietary balance sheet private equity 
portfolio.' Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies (Partners of Glendower) and Francesco Rigamonti (Senior Advisor to 
Glendower) were pan of the team initially assembled by the Managing Partners in 2003 in London. The team was 
subsequently expanded to include Adam Graev and Joshua Glaser (Partners of Glendower) in 2007 and 2013, 
respectively, in New York, as well as certain junior professionals, to become the `SOF Team' and, on and from August 1, 
2017. the "Glendower SOF Team".2 From 2006 to 2017 the Managing Partners led the SOF Team in establishing, 
fundraising and investing SOF, SOF D. SOF II and SOF III (collectively the "SOF Funds' or the "SOF Program') with 
aggregate commitments of US$3 billion. More specifically-
• 
SOF,3 the initial SOF Program secondary fund that was formed in 2006 and held a final close in early 2007 with a 
US$565 million pool of commitments. 
• 
SOF WI a top-up secondary fund that was formed in 2010 with a US$147 million pool of commitments. 
The Deutsche earic proprietary corate equty restructuring took place between 2003 and 2006 Carlo Pao-Bute and Charles Smith played a role 
alongside *her Deutsche Bank cdleagues in the transactions tnat contnWlei to the deposition of Deutsche Bard(s proprietary private equity pored* 
Carlo Pao-Boob and Gnarls Smelt were not involeed in at such transactcas and the Oats described n the Memorandum in respect of the 
Monetary private equity reslructuring are attritheable to the whole Deitch° Bank team rather than my individual within it 
References to the 'Glendower SOF Team' may also include ineestmenl adessoneas and Other persornel that are subsequently hired by the 
Manager 
SOF is a pool or capital dedtaled to the secondary market closed in 2007, which was structured through [Nee separate investrneM vends. C43 
Secondary Opportunities Fund A I. P C8OF Al DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B. LP (SOF 13) and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C LP 
(SOF 
collecavely -SOF.
CB Seconday Oppolunities Rind D. LP. (*SOF D*) is a pool of capital dedtaled to the sec:at/ay market ebbed in 2010 SOF D s a Euro 
denom inated fund LISS values have been Cawerted to Sums et the September 33. 2017 rate ot 1.1822 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038832 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185018 
EFTA01354238

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354239.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354239.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
• 
SOF 11,5 the second secondary fund that was formed in 2011 and held a final close in 2012 with a US$614 million 
pool of commitments. 
• 
S0F 111,6 the third secondary fund that held a single close in late 2014 with a USS1.654 billion pool of commitments. 
On August 1, 2017 all investment professionals and key operations professionals of the SOF Team spun-out and formed 
Glendower Capital to continue the secondary investment strategy developed at Deutsche Asset Management. As part of 
the spin-out, certain arrangements are in place between. inter aria. Deutsche Asset Management and Glendower Capital 
in order to provide operational continuity to the SOF Funds throughout their remaining term. 
Pursuant to these 
arrangements Glendower Capital will continue to provide investment advice and the Managing Partners will provide 
investment management services to Deutsche Asset Management with respect to the SOF Funds and assist Deutsche 
Asset Management with the day-to-day management and realization of the portfolio investments. Deutsche Asset 
Management will have no future role with Glendower Capital, other than in relation to the SOF Funds. 
As further disclosed in Appendix 5 (Important Performance InfonnatIon) any track record or other financial 
information in respect of the SOF Funds relates to the SOF Funds raised prior to the spin-out of Glendower 
Capital from Deutsche Asset Management. Accordingly, when considering the track record and other financial 
information contained herein, each prospective investor should have regard to the fact that other employees of 
Deutsche Asset Management who have not Joined Glendower Capital were involved in the investment 
committees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in respect of the Investments made 
by the SOF Funds! 
Investment Highlights 
The Manager believes that its market focus and strategic approach to transaction sourcing and disciplined investment 
process will generate high quality secondary private equity investment opportunities for the Fund 
Benefits of secondary market investing 
■ Capitalize on information asymmetries to re-price existing mature assets. 
■ Mitigate blind pool risk by focusing on mature portfolio assets and valuations. 
• 
Mitigate the J-curve due to a shorter duration of investments and earlier cash distnbutions. 
• 
Complement investors' portfolio construction by accelerating deployment of capital and providing diversified exposure 
across vintage (including older vintage years). strategy. industry and geography. 
Compelling investment opportunity 
■ The secondary market has transitioned from a cyclical distressed play to an institutionalized market where US$58 
billions was transacted in 2017 by a wide range of sellers, including pension funds, sovereign wealth funds. 
endowments and foundations, asset managers. financial institutions and family offices. 
• 
With USS125 billion of near-term capital available for investment (commonly referred to as 'dry powder') available for 
secondaries vs 2017 annual volume of US$58 billion, the supply-demand balance in the secondary market remains 
more favorable at 2.2x than other asset classes such as buyouts (3.7x).9
■ Secondary market pricing has normalized and remains stable at ca. 90% of Fair Market Value CFMV1 since 201010
within the range acceptable to both buyers and sellers leading to record secondary transaction volumes." 
Secondary Oppoilunmes Fund Ii, LP ('SOF al is a cool or capital dedicated to the secondary market that held es test closing m 2011 
Secondary Opportumbes Fund III. LP CSOF If) s a pod or capcal decicated to the secondary market that held its first and Mal closing in 2014 
Past performance is net a predate of the future perlormance or SOF SOF D SOF II or SOF it bit is included to demonetise the track record or the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF N van acrreve comparable results or that any target resorts will be achieved 
Source. Glendower Captor based on Greenhill Secondary Market I rends 8 Outlook. January 2018 
Source. Glendower Capital based on 2018 Precan Global Private Eguity 8 Venture CaptS Report. Bain & Company Global Pnvate Ecurty Report 2018 
and Greenhill Secondary Markel Trends& Cutback January 2018 
Source Greenhll Secondary Market Trends & Wreck January 2018 
Source, Glendower Capes based on Greenhd Secondary Marker Trends 8 Outlook January 2018 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038833 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185017 
EFTA01354239

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354240.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 1: Executive Surnrnery 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Bespoke liquidity solutions or GP-led Secondary deals, another key target area for the Fund, are an evolving and 
growing segment of the market. Today they represent just under 25%12 of the market and include spin-in/spin-outs, tail-
end funds (i.e., funds raised at least 10 years ago) restructuring, asset liquidations, and LP tenders. 
Distinctive investment strategy 
The Manager intends to replicate the consistent, distinctive investment strategy" pursued by the SOF Team (while at 
Deutsche Asset Management") in each of the SOF Funds. This strategy is built around five main pillars: 
■ A focus on less competitive transactions such as smaller US$5-100 million Fund Secondaries, US$100-250 million 
GP-led Secondaries and larger, more complex deals where the Glendower SOF Team has an angle. As of 
September 30, 2017. the SOF Funds had completed 82 transactions with an average deal size of US$40 million. 
■ Pursuing a selective. true value approach through bottom-up, in-depth fundamental analysis rather than deal 
structuring / leveraging. Positioned as a mid-sized alpha value investor vs larger levered beta players. the SOF 
Team has screened approximately 3.000 potential deals since 2007 valued at around US$400 billion in the aggregate 
and have transacted around 1% of this deal-flow by value. 
• 
Buying margin of safety and mitigating blind pool risk by purchasing mature fund interests at a discount to FMV. The 
SOF Team has historically purchased at an average 20% discount to FMV over 350 fund interests which were around 
80% funded and typically past their investment period at the time of purchase. t6 
■ Pursuing an efficient portfolio management approach. The SOF Team has historically (i) not utilized leverage at 
transaction level and limited at portfolio level. (ii) systematically implemented currency hedging to mitigate 50 to 60% 
of market volatility, (HI) consistently diversified the SOF portfolios across a maximum of 30 to 40 transactions to 
mitigate over 90% of non-market deal risk. 
■ Pursuing a portfolio construction according to a barbell approach adjusted to market cycles. Since inception, the 
SOF Team has completed around 58% of its transactions in Fund Secondaries and 42% in GP-led Secondaries and 
Single Asset Dealsi6 adjusting to focus on the former during market corrections and on the latter during normalized 
market conditions. 
It is expected that the Fund will opportunistically pursue transactions in a broad range of private equity fund investments 
(including funds of kinds. feeder funds and other similar structures), portfolios of direct private equity assets. and co-
investments in individual assets alongside private equity sponsors where the Glendower SOF Team has an angle. More 
specifically: 
■ Informational advantage, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's relationships with over 180 Fund Sponsors" and 
its investments in more than 350 fund interests worldwide.'s 
• 
Relationship with sellers, by working directly with sellers to address their objectives, which often include non-
monetary factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction, and Certainty of execution. 
• 
Opportunity to solve for complexity, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's transactional expertise to structure 
more complex transactions at a smaller size than other larger secondary funds. 
Source Glendower Capital based on Greenha Secondary bracket Trends a Outlock. January 2018 
Past performanoe is net a credo:bon of the future perlorrhance d SOF. SOF D. SOF II or SOF III huts included to demonstrate the track record rd the 
Glendower SOF Team and Mere can be no assurance that SOFA/we where comparable results or that any target results will be achieved 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset Management the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be avalable to the Glendower SOF Team in connedaon with the management and 
operation of SOF ry 
Source Glendower Capitals proprietary irdarnabcri 
Represents % d aggregate mested capital m the SOF Funds as of September 30. 2017 Past polka* caret:won d the SOF Funds e not a 
prediction of the Funds portfolo consUuction 
Source. Glendower Capears proprietary informaocn 
Source Glendower Caesars proprietary inionnattn 
Confidential Arcuate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038834 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185018 
EFTA01354240

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354241.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354241.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 1: Executive Summery 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Established track record"• 2° 
As of September 30, 2017 the SOF Program has delivered a strong performance with aggregate gross performance 
since inception of 1.6x gross multiple and 28% IRR (Internal Rate of Return) and 1.5x TVPI (Total Value to Paid-in 
Capital), 0.9x DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital) and 23% Net IRR to investors. More specifically: 
• 
SOF (2006, US$565 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile performance in the 2006 vintage peer 
group. with 2.1x gross multiple and 29% gross IRR and a 1.8x TVPI, 1.8x DPI and 22% Net IRR. 
• 
SOF D(2010, US$147 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile performance with a 3.0x gross multiple 
and 37% gross IRR and a 2.3x TVPI, 2.1x DPI and 29% Net IRR. 
■ SOF II (2011, USS614 million, in maturing stage) has generated top quartile performance with a 1.7x gross multiple 
and 23% gross IRR and a 1.5x TVPI, 1.2x DPI and a 20% Net IRR. 
■ SOF III (2014, USS1,654 billion, in early stage — completing investment period) has generated top quartile 
performance with a 1.4x gross multiple and 31% gross IRR and a 1.3x TVPI. 0.3x DPI and 30% Net IRR. 
Experienced, independent team dedicated to secondaries 
• 
Newly established, independent firm wholly owned by its Partners. 
■ Glendower Capital acts as adviser and sub•delegated manager to the SOF Funds. generating meaningful fee income 
for Glendower Capital 
■ Privately owned by its partners who worked together for 15 years$' before spinning-out from Deutsche Asset 
Management in 2017. 
■ London and New York offices with established operational. integrated, self-contained processes developed by the 
SOF Team over 10 years. 
• 
Seasoned international 23-strong team (16 investment professionals with a 12-year average of relevant experience) 
targeted to grow to 26-28 by mid 2018. 
• 
Extensive database and relationships having invested around USS3 billion in over 350 fund interests in more than 80 
deals and having screened thousands of funds over 10 years.22
• 
Unique sell-side experience. having participated in the restructuring of Deutsche Bank's €5.1 billion proprietary 
private equity portfolio from 2003 to 2006.n 
Disciplined and selective investment process 
• 
Targets attractive risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after all fees. expenses and carried interest) on a 
portfolio-wide basis.24
Source, 
Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark mambos as of September 30. 2017 This information reflects a =ripens*, of the 
perlormance of the SOF Funds against one benchmark only SOF Funds' performance may differ when compared to Other benchmark data. 
Performance of the SOF Fuels not included in the data set used to calWate the benchmark data Please refer to Section 2. Exhibit 2 for father 
'demob:el 
The performance lodes have not been atkleed and are based on the unedited aggregated performance results of SOF. SOF 0 and SOF H and SOF 
III. collecOvely the SOF Funds. as of September X. 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance 
intimation which sets lath, amongst dher things. Bromism information regaling the performance deecnbed above 
Further. note that the 
calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net RR in respect d the SOF Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' tee of subscription line racket 
The SOF Funds use (and SOF ft/ a expelled to use) such fealties to manage capes drawrkwns as described in 'fkawcovins and use of 
subscription line facilibes: in Sector 7: Risk Factors. The SOF Funds- performance data es rot expected to be redesertative of the inveStment 
returns that will be expenerced by wiveslors in the Fund Gross returns are gross ore fees. expenses and carried interest whch are not charged at the 
investment level investors should consult wilh their own adesors as to the appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information Past 
performance of the SOF Furds is not a prediction of their ItAure performance or that d the Fund 
Carlo Pero-Beck Charles Smelt Ch Cheung and Deirdre Davies have waked together since 2003 Adam Grater became part of the SOF Team in 
2007 and Joshua Glaser in 2013 
rt 
Source Glendower Capita* proprietary information 
The Ceulune Bath proprietary private equty restructunng took dace between 2003 and 2006 Chanel Smith and Carlo Pirtioaroli played a rote 
alongside other Deutsche Bank cdleagues in the transactions that contributed to the dispassion of Deutsche &inlet, proprietary pnvate equity pordobo 
Cherie. Smith and Carlo PiraciBroli were not invoked in Si Saco transactions and the efforts described in this Memorandum in respect of the 
proprietary pnvate &hey restructunng are attributable to the whole Deutsche Bar* team rather ban any inssdu• warm it 
There can to no assurance that the Fund will achieve es investment el:tense or as target return 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038835 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185019 
EFTA01354241

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354242.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354242.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
• 
Leverages informational advantage from relationships with over 180 Fund Sponsors.25
• 
Conducts a rigorous value driven. asset-by-asset. bottom-up analysis focused on: 
— 
Operational. financial and market risk analysis for each underlying portfolio company
— 
Cash flow analysis at portfolio level 
— 
Review of fund and portfolio company management 
— 
Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns 
— 
Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity 
• 
Identifies investment opportunities where there is an alignment of interest between the Fund Sponsor arid its 
investors and the majority of value is in identifiable. attractive assets with reasonable leverage and attractive *see 
through" entry multiple at secondary pricing. 
Strong alignment of interests 
The interests of the Glendower SOF Team will be strongly aligned with the investors in the Fund: 
• 
The senior members of Glendower Capital intend to commit a minimum of 1.0% of the Fund. 
• 
The partners and professionals of Glendower Capital will be entitled to receive all the Carried Interest generated by 
the Fund. 
• 
The Investment Committee of the Fund will consist solely of individuals from Glendower Capital. 
• 
Deutsche Bank will not be involved in the management of SOF IV. or any future funds managed or advised by 
Glendower Capital. Accordingly. Deutsche Bank will not receive any carried interest or general partners share (or 
the equivalent thereof) generated by SOF IV. 
The key terms of the Fund are highlighted in Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms and set out in more detail in 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions. Certain risks and potential conflicts of interest associated with the Fund 
are highlighted in Section 7: Risk Factors and Section 8: Conflicts of Interests which Investors should consider carefully. 
Source. Glendower Capita s proprietary information 
To tne extent that such information savarrate 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038836 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185020 
EFTA01354242

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354243.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354243.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038837 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185021 
EFTA01354243

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354244.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354244.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund fV, LP 
Investment Performance 
Secondaries Performance Highlights 
The Glendower SOF Team has delivered strong buyout-like returnsn to investors in the SOF Funds with an attractive 
risk profile, early cash flows, and negligible loss ratio. The performance of the SOF Funds in terms of the key closed-end 
funds metrics such as Net IRR, TVPI, and DPI is strong in absolute terms, compares favorably with its peers and shows 
strong consistency across fund vintages.28
Through September 30. 2017. the SOF Program had invested29 US$3.3 billion in 82 transactions resulting in distributions 
of over USS1.8 billion and had generated a 1.5x Net Multiple and a 23% Net IRR to investors. The mature funds in the 
SOF Program (SOF, SOF D, and SOF II) had generated a 1.7x Net Multiple and over 20% Net IRR. 
Exhibit 1: Performance of SOF Funds as of September 30, 20173, 3I. II " 
Fuld 
SOF 
SOF 0 
SOF B 
SOF • 
Tad 
Vntage 
2C06 
2010 
2011 
2014 
(devehomece stage) 
(narvesnng) 
(naryNtivg) 
(criattorio 
feat stage) 
Fund sze 
USS565m 
USS147rn 
USS614m 
USS1854m 
USS2.980m 
Transactons. funds compenes s 
21/154/1,774 
It 28/ 193 
29i 75r 737 
35/149/2.837 
Gossnue* 
21x 
Cu 
17x 
14x 
Id 
Gross IRR 
29% 
37% 
23% 
31% 
26% 
Net multipk (WPM 
ttg 
2.3x 
1.5x 
1.3B 
14: 
Not distributod (OFF) 
ttx 
2.1)( 
1.2F 
Lk 
OAF 
Not IRR 
22% 
a% 
20% 
30% 
23% 
Peak net centritsted °dotal 
26% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
For on-cut-on purposes only. Source Glendower Capital based on Prow benchmark data for the median 1VPi and Net RR achieved by buyout 
funds kr vimages et 1997 to 2017 Average buyout TVPI = 159x Average Net RR = 155% Data as of September 30 2017 
For further 
benehmarlong of Glendower Capted to tuyoul returns. piease refer to Exhibit 
Pas( performance is not a prediction of the future performance of rik SOF D SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF N wit achiever:pint:wade results or that any beget results wall be achieved 
'invested is cleaned as the sum et me purchase vice and iernaming unfunded ottgaten as of the time of dosng. or tee at expected closing for 
pending deals 
The performance figures have not teen audited and should be read and reviewed in comuncton with Appenda 5 Important Pertonnance in.fonnaton 
which sets forth amongst other things important nramation redacting me performance described above The SOF Fads' performance data is not 
expected to be represeNeNe ot the investment returns that wii to expenenced by irerestos in the Fund Past performance or the SOF Funds A. Pa a 
prediction of future perfcrmarce Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVirio Poi11010 - a viol then:died portfolio of 28 tamale equity funds 
purchased through en SPV. providing exposure to Iwyoul. special situations, venture caplet and real estate strategies in North America. Europe and 
Asa The number of funds art companes is an estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing and may include some double counting 
TVPI = Taal Value to Paid in Capital. DPI = Ostritutons to Pad in Capital IRR if Internal Rate or Return 
SOF D is a Euro denomnated fund USS valued have been converted at September 30 2017 EURAJSS rate of 1 1822 
Both SOF arelSOF D are invested in the DaVirci POrethe - dwell divers4 ed portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased through an SPV prcrodng 
exposure to buyout. special srtuations venture captor and real estate straleges in Noah Amenca. Europe and Asia The number of funds and 
companies is a best estimate and shows the aggregate el each deal at closing and may include sorne douse munbnp. 
TVPI = Total Vail* to Paid in capital. DPI = Dsvitutons to Pad in Capital. IRR = Internal Rate ot Return 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038838 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185022 
EFTA01354244

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354245.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354245.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund TV, LP 
In Exhibit 2 each of SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against its vintage peer group reported in the 
Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics (September 30, 2017). The SOF Funds present comparatively 
strong Net IRR. DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 2: SOF Funds performance versus Cambridge Associates Secondary Fund Benchmark 
" 
37
Secondary funds: Net IRR to limited partners 
Secondary funds: Net multiple to linked partners 
sea 
• :new (mann 
Icor "dal*, 
• 1.6.61.1e 
OS+ 
2* 
'S. 
SOF 0 
SOF •I 
2" 
a 
IN. 
t 
l 10 
ltsto 
BC. 
Sea 
Sous 
20%
I 
20% 
• 
II 
I 16F 
s
t
t
t 
• 
" 
• ; 
05a 
56, 
OS 
SOF 
PM • I SC. 
DPI • lab 
a 
0ir 
• 
! 
II 
t•S 
/6 
SOF 0 
1N1 ::l• 
DP1.3 I. 
SO; I 
:TI: I 1.• 
CO e II 
904 6 
iVAr I3. 
OF' • 0 I.. 
I .
or 
at 
•09 
'10 
IS 
epee on 
nos inn 
t: SOF era CPI 
SCF IA& RYPI 
In Exhibit 3. each of SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against its vintage group of top quartile buyout 
funds reported in the Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. Again, the SOF 
Funds present comparatively strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 3: Buyout•hke returns with a secondary risk profiles 
cep 
•.. SO. I 
• COIF 
its. 
or 
AX4 AN Alt to no n,r X 
Wee 
to 
• 1..s ih•Tor 
FM 1 
• EOF D 
tt 
OZ0 
Ss] 
an.1 
,dal 
Its 
• at= 
y, 
• 1
La. 
. 1
Some: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmaik statistics as of September 30 2017 SOF Funds are shown benchmarked against their 
War yew peer group SOF and SOF 0 performance is nee included in the data se teed to calculate the benchmark data Note that the performance 
tomes in reaped ci SCF and SOF D have not been audited and should be read and rewewed n omen:ben huh Appendix 5 impOrtanIParlonnanCe 
fraismatton Past padamance of SOF Finds 6 not a predecton ci hews performance. 
Irfamation presented n Exhibt 21s based at the unaulted results of SOF, SOF D. SOF II and SOF III as of September 30. 2017 
", Past performance is rat a 11111001:41 of the Mute performance of SCF, SOF D. SOF II or SOF III tow is included to demcnwrwe the track record of the 
Glick:Wow SOF Team There can be no aewarce that SOF ft/ will achieve competed° MEd% or that any target resultswill be acheved 
DPI = CeArbutions to Paid-In Capital. RVOI = Rewind Value to Pawl-In Capital. TVPI = Total Value to Paid-in Capital 
'4 
Source' Cambridge Associates GIOOSI Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. The information reflects a companson of SOF. SOF D. SOF II 
Sir III performance against one benchmark only Past performance is net a prediction ol the !awe performance or SOF. SOF D, SCF II. SCF III or 
any other Glendower rinds and there can be no asswance that SOF W will achieve comparable resifts or that any Impel results will be achieved. biA 
is included to demonstrate the track record ci the Glendower SOF Team Internam presented in this chart IS based on the unaudted issues of SOF. 
SOF D. 9CF 11 and Syne, of September 30.2017 and should be read and reviewed in conpnctoon and *hand be read and reviewed in conjunction 
with Appendix 5 
Irripatant Pet matte Intrination which sets forth amongst other throe important information regarding the pedcanance 
deathbed above 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038839 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185023 
EFTA01354245

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354246.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354246.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 4, each of SOF. SOF II and SOF III is compared against each other. 
The SOF Funds, each of a different size, raised in a different vintage and invested across diverse economic cycles, show 
strong consistency in terms of Net Contributed Capital. Net IRR, TVPI and DPI development. All funds peak below 50% 
in terms of Net Contributed Capital at around 16 quarters from inception. Net IRR. initially artificially high, levels off over 
time and converges at around 20% after 20 quarters. Capital tends to be returned in around 24 quarters. or 6 years. 
Lastly. TVPI tends to converge to the 1.65 - 1.65x range by the time funds are liquidated. The similar profiles exhibited 
below are ascribed to the consistency of the investment strategy which the Glendower SOF Team has adhered to since 
2006.39
Exhibit 4: Consistency of SOF Funds performance10
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
— • • , 
DPI (Distributed to Paid4n Capital) 
Net IRR 
te • 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid4n Capital) 
Past pertomiance is not a Predet011 of future performance and therefore there can be no assurance that the Fund will Weave camperable results or 
that any target results wit be adueved 
Net Contibuled Capital as % Fund Sze. Net IRR Development. TVPI (Total Value to Patd in Capital). CPI (Oratnbuions b Paid-in Capital). as or 
September 30. 2017 Performance figures have been tabulated based on the unaudned cedormance results of SOF. SOF II and SOF III as of 
September 30. 2017 and should be read and reviewed in corginctai with Appends 5. Inriffent Podotmanoe inkomabco which sets forth among 
other thngs impotent inform/Mon regarding the performance 'Somalian described ri Exhibit 4 Pest performance is noise...doctor of future returns 
and Owe can be no assurance that SOF fit will achieve comparable results cr tut any target testa* will be adueved Performance information on 
SOF 0 has not been included on this slide because SOF CI is a single transaction / top-up fund raised in 201010 urdownle pal-passu the DaVinci 
transaction with SOF GiefldONVISt does not expect that similar transactions wit be available so 939 IV 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038840 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185024 
EFTA01354246

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354247.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Scotian 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Lastly, in Exhibit 5 the SOF Program is compared against public market indexes including the MCSI World Index. Russell 
2000 Index and the Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index. In all cases, each of SOF. SOF D, SOF II and SOF 
III compares favorably to public markets. 
Exhibit 5: SOF Program compares favorably to public markets'. 
40% 
35% 
IVA 
22% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
SOP (=CM 
(40F0I2Dici 
son HIM* 
SY le 011214) 
•Glerdaver 214t IRa 
MSC; wand 
Runnel2000 
a Thomson Reuters 
ax 
ea Proven 
MCSI Wend Index and Russell 2000 index returns are based on total return Thomson Reuters Private Equty Buyout Index recums ace based on prod 
These benchmark indices do not represent an appropriate benchmark to compare a Glendower wheeler's perlorrnance 
rather is dticksed solely to 
allow for canpanson 10 that ot certain aellkncom and iwdey recognized indices Melhodclogy The Long Nickels method has teen used to calailate 
the PMEs Net cash flows for the SOF Funds are replicated in each index For example. 0) when carts * drawn horn an investor an equvaent 
amount is nvesled in the index on the specific date. and (a) when caeca' is Ostriboted to an riwesloc. capital cs'wehdremn' from the index on the same 
dale A theoretical terminal value is generated based on the growth of Me total ndex Net RR is calcutoted uses the casllows repiczned In the index 
and the thevencal Mrevnal value Retinae& distrIzAchs have been treated tong the all n method' 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038841 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185025 
EFTA01354247

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354248.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354248.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038842 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185026 
EFTA01354248

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354249.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 3: Summery of Principal Terms 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Summary of Principal Terms 
The following is a summary of the terms and conditions of an investment in the Fund. This summary should be read in 
conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Summary of Terms and Conditions. Risk Factors and 
Conflicts of Interest contained in Section 6. Section 7 and Section 8, respectively, of this Memorandum, the Fund 
Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of Interests, all of which are available upon 
request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment decision. 
Fund Name 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
Investment Strategy 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive, risk adjusted investment returns, principally in 
the form of capital appreciation. through the acquisition of a diverse portfolio of private 
equity assets on the secondary market. 
Target Size 
US$1 75 billion. 
Minimum Commitment 
US$5 million. 
Fund Structure 
English private fund limited partnership. 
Manager 
Glendower Capital. LLP, which is authorized and regulated in the UK by the FCA. The 
Manager will appoint its affiliate. Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, to provide investment 
advice to the Manager in connection with the investment management of the Fund. 
Term 
years from the date of the last closing of the Fund (expected to take place no later than 
months after the First Closing), with up to five one-year extensions. 
Investment Period 
years from the last closing of the Fund. 
Target First Closing 
As soon as practicable. 
General Partner's Share 
The General Partner will receive from the Fund an annual profit share as follows: 
during the Investment Period. 1.25% per annum of aggregate Commitments: 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period. 1.00% per 
annum of Invested Capital; 
(ii) 
for each successive year thereafter, the greater of 90% of the annual profit share 
for the immediately preceding year and 0.25% per annum of aggregate Invested 
Capital. 
Distributions and 
Preferred return: 8%. 
Carried Interest 
Carried interest: 12.5% with a 100% catch-up. 
Clay/back 
Yes. 
Organizational Expenses The Fund will bear up to US$2 5 million 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038843 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185027 
EFTA01354249

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354250.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354250.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038844 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185028 
EFTA01354250

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354251.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
S0F IV is being established by Glendower Capital as the successor Mid to the S0F Funds to pursue the same 
investment strategy as the S0F Funds in the secondary market and will follow processes established by the Glendower 
S0F Team in the S0F Program.42
Investment Strategy 
In line with the focused and disciplined investment strategy that has generated strong returns in the S0F Funds to date.43
the Fund will target the acquisition, holding and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine and distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally. but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, three types of investment: 
1. 
Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in existing private equity funds: 
2. 
GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than traditional Fund Secondaries, and include 
spin-in/spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset liquidations and LP tenders; and 
3. 
Single Asset Deals into individual private equity comparies, either at the time of the original acquisition, or later 
from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
The Manager will primarily allocate capital between these three strategies depending on its assessment of the relative 
attractiveness of the transactions available at any point in time. During the Investment Period the relative weightings of 
each of the three strategies may vary as the Manager's assessment of their relative attractiveness changes. 
The Fund will focus on smaller Fund Secondaries of USS5 million to US$100 million sourced from a mix of small 
institutions, family offices and private investors coupled with the opportunistic pursuit of larger transactions sourced from 
financial institutions, corporate and alternative funds. This will, in the Managers view, enable the Manager to select the 
most attractive investment opportunities on a global basis. 
The Fund will target GP-led Secondaries of US$100 million to US$250 million, focusing on kinds with attractive assets 
managed by fundamentally sound managers who have 'hit a bump in the road,' or have investors who have lost patience 
or changed strategy and are therefore looking for liquidity. The Manager believes it will be one of few Managers who 
have the capabilities to execute such transactions at this size range - most Managers target larger transactions to justify 
the higher level of resources necessary to execute GP-led Secondaries. 
The Fund will opportunistically invest into Single Asset Deals where the Manager believes it has identified a situation 
where its capital can add value to the transaction or help unlock a situation. 
In addition to the three strategies described above. the Fund will have the ability to allocate up to 15% of aggregate 
commitments to select primary fund investments and other opportunities to invest in funds where less than 50% of 
aggregate capital commitments of the relevant fund have been drawn down. 
The Fund will target attractive, risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after fees, expenses and carried interest) 
on a portfolio basis." 
Fircesectlas investors Would note that while et Deutsche Asset Management. the SOF Team wet able to mace use of catirtorm personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that win not be available to the Glendowei SOF learn in connection wah the maregement and 
operation ad SOF IV 
Past performance of the SCE Funds is not a preoction or future pedamance el either the SOF Funds or the Fund Actual returns on unrealized 
enestmems may drtlet mace ally tram returns indicated herein. 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve as inveetment objective or its target return 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038845 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185029 
EFTA01354251

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354252.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354252.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Manager believes it will be able to source less intermediated deal flow and work directly with sellers to address their 
objectives. which often include non-monetary factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction and certainty of 
execution. 
Differentiated Sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team maintains an extensive network of relationships and referral sources amongst fund investors. 
fund sponsors, managers, portfolio companies, intermediaries/placement agents. investment banks and other 
counterparties in the financial industry which they can leverage to source proprietary, less intermediated, deal flow. 
The Manager believes that its global sourcing approach is critical to achieving attractive risk-adjusted returns for the 
Fund by allocating capital to what the Manager considers to be the best investment opportunities on a global basis. 
Since inception, the SOF Program has benefitted from a diversified pool of sellers as well as assets. More specifically: 
• 
The secondary investments represented in the SOF Funds are comprised of assets located in (by fair market value) 
North America 47%, Europe 47%. Asia and Pacific 3% and the rest of the world 4%.45
• 
Sellers of the assets purchased by the SOF Funds were located in (by value) North America 43%, Western Europe 
55% and the rest of the world 3%.0
The Manager expects to leverage non-monetary factors. such as confidentiality, trust, speed and certainty of execution. 
In Glendower's experience, these factors become particularly relevant to sellers in distressed financial conditions or who 
are keen to mitigate execution risk in rapidly changing markets. In sourcing transactions for the Fund, the Manager 
expects the Glendower SOF Team to focus on sellers who ascribe value to non-monetary factors that the Fund may be 
in a position to offer. 
Exhibit 6: Established and disciplined sourcing and deal selection process. A wide funnel and a narrow filter:" 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GIN. Les. advisory Board members 
• Close preate benkng ratabonshcos DB 
Vfitt lth Mans:smart, Raymond -bees, 
Max &out 
Law firms, scurcep agents, banks 
Preachy top-down approach 
• Engage dreary veal potenter steer 
unlyerse Leaks insurance convenes 
Pensionfunds 
• On-me-sneir prong for cbsely monitored 
berry of >1001unds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Setetantelfolkiwon neat tow 
subsequent to Cyst transaction 
—3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, faro US$400bn 
t‘h.".• wen taw tape 
• i0,1 t51.1./J4:15.19 0•Yet 
OSAsirIstate,
. "sn'el sl'on S'IS VIM MCMY 
• Wir-4.1.w., a V....Y.010s PE msettS 
f4510' 
5.11:0.5 
Firers 
Filters 
Transacted II)lor.tild: won 
c.100 barna:born 
Some. Glendower Capital orcionetary information Data as of September 33. 2017. 
Source. Slenrkmer CaPtal proprietary information Data as of September 30. 2017. 
Source Glendower Capital proprietary ir4ormation Data es of March 19, 2018, 
DEICipated dualts.cktil trYfieetlIN 
• 
taletuered tear* leYtOF LPs 
• icstec S yleS 
IMMs0 tOMM:t. 
Linear Cle-restrertarp Jed srn.o0 ow:en.",
• .. lase "1 N'te 
t'Pflif 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185030 
DB-SDNY-0038846 
EFTA01354252

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354253.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors 
The Manager believes that secondary investments can form an important element of a diversified private equity portfolio: 
• 
Secondaries complement investment portfolio construction: a secondary investment program can be designed to 
complement a primary investment program by filling the gaps in an investors investment portfolio and providing 
exposure to older vintages or different strategies or geographies. 
• 
Secondaries provide the opportunity to pursue an attractive risk-reward profile. 
Exhibit 7: Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors1B 
II 000 
1400 
Pricing 
M541dly 
Re-poCe ex stag lunged eSS(4S 
- Capitalise on pomp ineffiCienreS 
Mitgale Blind 
Poet Pi* 
Mitigate 
J-Curee 
COrtideMent 
Pontrolio 
Construction 
Knowledge ot existing ungerhung COMpanieS 
Mature assets tmacally yield more predetaide cash 
Coin 
- Shorter euraten of invastments 
- 
Earlier cash (tetra:du:4d 
Accelerate deployment of cannal 
Prov4os backeeasoodl &smear, exposure 
across adage. strategy. ordustry and pedal." 
1200 
ID 
Veen 
.. ... ... ... _ 
_ 
- 
—dr Caatesils dendaagederket 
dee res-bered 
Curdled/0..4d four 
More specifically, the Manager believes that secondary investments offer the potential for an attractive risk-reward profile 
due to: 
• 
Pricing flexibility: capacity to re-price existing assets to reflect current performance and economic environment and to 
opportunistically target price inefficiencies resulting from market dislocation and supply-demand imbalances in the 
private equity market. 
• 
Mitigation of blind pool risk: a secondary manager is typically able to analyze existing assets and will therefore have 
greater visibility on cash-flows. 
• 
Mitigation of J-curve effect: typically secondary investments are drawn down more quickly and return capital more 
quickly than primary funds and therefore suffer less from the J-curve effect. 
Secondary Market Investment Opportunity 
Introduction 
Fundamentally, private equity assets — when held through funds, funds of funds, feeder funds or other similar holding 
structures - are illiquid investments with long holding periods (typically 10 to 12 years for fund interests) during which 
time investors have no, or limited, rights to liquidity and investors receive limited information about the performance of 
the underlying portfolio companies. M investor in such a structure that requires liquidity prior to the sale of the 
underlying assets by the fund has limited alternatives to selling the interest on the secondary market. 
A range of dynamics in the private equity industry, such as an evolving regulatory environment, ongoing limited partner 
portfolio management becoming standard and a rising number of GP-led Secondaries, can create attractive opportunities 
to purchase private equity assets on a secondary basis. 
TM idemlatrad a fa DIP5DhP40 WIDOW& The Omagh k  an exam$e fee illustratore purpOseS and the actual cash now profile of any given mvesbnent 
may vary sutstantally 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038847 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185031 
EFTA01354253

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354254.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Secondary market overview 
The secondary private equity market has expanded and evolved dramatically over the last two decades. The market is 
large, dynamic and acknowledged by private equity firms and limited partners alike as a liquidity enabler for private 
equity investors globally. In its early years, the secondary market was typically a much more niche market and limited to 
the sale and purchase of limited partnership interests in private equity funds. Today, the market has expanded to include 
bespoke liquidity solutions such as LP tenders. GP recapitalizations and structured and hybrid transactions. At the same 
time. the global private equity market has increased significantly to US$2.8 trillion.49 The expansion of secondary 
solutions and a large, growing primary private equity market have propelled the secondary market to record volumes in 
recent years. 
Over the previous three years the secondary market has consistently transacted an average of US$40 billion a year and 
in 2017 showed another significant jump in volume to US$58 billion.5° Glendower believes that the record volumes are 
being driven primarily by: (i) increases in the number of transactions, and (ii) a greater number of small to medium-sized 
deals transacted by a diverse set of participants. Glendower expects that many of the critical drivers of volumes over the 
last few years, such as the growth of GP4ed Secondaries and active portfolio management by investors, will continue to 
underpin the secondary market and represent mainstay sources of supply in this dynamic market. 
Glendower believes that the fundamental drivers of supply remain intact and future market activity will be driven by a 
number of factors, including a stable pricing environment, continued prominence of GP-led Secondaries and healthy 
buyer demand. Active portfolio management via LP portfolio sales represented the majority of market volumes in 2017 
and this trend should continue with sellers actively engaging in the market for a variety of reasons, including: (i) change 
in strategy, (ii) portfolio diversification, (iii) liquidity issues and (iv) tax planning. GP-led Secondaries now account for a 
significant amount of volume in the secondary market and contributed US$14 billions, in 2017 (24% of total volume). 
Glendower expects this once-emerging trend to now be a steady source of supply as transaction structures and market 
participants continue to evolve and mature. 
Exhibit 8: PE Secondary Market Volumes 2006 - 201752
vat.,
co 
9) 
JD 
■ 
3a 
3116 
ZOOS 
2007 
2003 
3109
2012 
2013 
2014 
2O15 
2017 
OP-led S440.156PI 
• Fund Soxotibry 
The volume of private equity assets has grown significantly as more investors have entered the asset class, ei0sting 
investors have increased allocations to private equity and larger commitments of capital have been made to increasingly 
larger investment funds. According to Preqin, the global private equity AUM in 1H17 amounts to US$2.8 trillion of which 
Source 2018 Precpn Global Private EqutyS Verdure Captal Repot 
Source. Greenhll Secondary Phan° Trends 8 Analyse, January 2018. 
Greenhill Secondary Poona Trends 8 Analyse. January 2018 
Glen:beer Captal analysis based cn Greenhd Secondary Market Trends & Outta* January 2018. Greenhil GP Solutions Discussion Matenals. may 
2017, and Dow Jones Private &party Anslyet Gude lo Secondary Market June 2017 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038848 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185032 
EFTA01354254

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354255.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354255.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
the NAV represents US$1.8 trillion and unfunded amounts to US$1.0 trillion. The growth of the primary private equity 
market together with an increased propensity to trade will be the two key drivers of the continued growth of the 
secondary market as a derivative of the primary market. 
Exhibit 9: Total PE assets have risen to USS2.8 trillion53 
Exhibit 10: Annual Secondary volumes now 1-2% of total 
PEsO 
503 
:
' II 
I 
I 
1-1 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
• Umansed *we'd* vat,. 
Dry pow6e/ 
2% - 
0% - 
I a% - 
16% • 
14% 
12% - 
10% 
0a% 
06% 
04% - 
02% 
. 
2007 20es 2039 3)10 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
—4.4% et tosi PE Mal 
Secondary market pricing — stable and driven by rational participants 
Pricing in the Secondary market is a key factor that sellers consider when evaluating a decision to potentially transact. In 
2017, the average headline high bid across all strategies remained strong at 93% of NAV.55 While pricing increased 
slightly from the prior year, a closer review of pricing data revealed that younger kinds with available dry powder received 
stronger pricing. Tail-end funds typically have few remaining unrealized assets with little projected uplift in value. This 
results in wider discounts than kinds of more recent vintages whose assets still have potential for growth. 
While overall buyout funds traded at 99% of NAV in 2017 (skewed positively by high demand for more recent vintage 
funds), other funds. and one-off transactions (i.e., smaller portfolio deals without structure) traded at significantly larger 
discounts. There is an even greater price gap for perceived -out-of-favor funds and lower-quality managers. It is 
Glendower's opinion that staying focused on bottom-up fund and asset selection, often resulting in acquiring one or only 
a few funds from a given seller. may result in the ability to generate stronger performance than larger portfolio purchases. 
The Manager believes that buying a large diversified portfolio in an auction, with the use of significant leverage and/or 
transaction structuring, is effectively purchasing a levered private equity index with diminished ability to generate alpha. 
It is important to note that while the Greenhill data of headline pricing captures bids received by sellers, it does not 
necessarily mean that most funds trade in the 90% range of NAV. The aggregate pricing data masks the broadening 
spread of discounts paid in the underlying deals which can be skewed by a number of factors, including large portfolio 
trades that often achieve strong pricing. 
It is also worthwhile to note that the pricing data is as of the Record Date,56 and does not factor in transaction structuring. 
2018 Preen Global Private Equity a Venture Caprtal RecOn 
Glendower Calabar based on 2018 Preqrn Global Prnrate Equity 8 Venture Capital Report, Greenhill Secondary Market Trends It outlook. January 
2018, and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Gude to the Secondary Market. June 2011 
Greenml Secondary Market Trends 8 oLcook January 2018 
Private equity funds typically report information to Mai awestors Inc-Wand the net asset value of than trweitment on a (venally Oasts Secondary 
market uansaacns are typically arced with reference to tne net asset value of an LP interest ao cd a spearc repartee) date, the Record DeW 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038849 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185033 
EFTA01354255

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354256.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354256.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund fV. LP 
cash flows between signing and closing and mark-to-market pricing - which taken together often result in higher effective 
discounts at closing for buyers. 
Exhibit 11: Secondary Market Pricing (2005 - 2017)" 
- 
CIVOISMONIas!•.200S ind 3307 
"Plimale re; a war Own; coays 
awo WW1/4f of ho nab; 
rh,tamvicines dasela 
Yhe0 
Mcc1 WnV  LP me.wras 
NV. 
X06 
20GY 
2t 
20:11 
2010 
Nil 
2012 
Mt) 
20U 
2015 
20Sti 
2017 
Seccrtitry rut,* van 
••••••Setand•ty Make Frialg 
Pence "at rn txmalcsd 
; wty, $0.9%1 
Secondary market pricing has rebounded from the high discounts and low volumes of 2009 to remain stable at around 
10% discount to NAV from 2014 to date. The Manager believes that the secondary market transacts in a healthy manner 
when headline pricing to the seller is in the 10% to 20% discount to reference date NAV range. For example, in 2009 
secondary volumes were wry low because the high discount (to already low net asset values) being demanded by 
buyers did not match seller expectations, even those sellers in a certain amount of distress. From 2010 to today, 
secondary market pricing has recovered to within a transactable range, resulting in a more robust market. 
Glendower CDS.' analysis and estimates based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends 8 Outlook January 2018. Cogent Fanners Secondary Market 
Trends 8 Outlook. July 2014, Cogent Partners Secondary Market Vpdate. Mardi 2009. and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Gude to the Secondary 
Market, June 2017 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038850 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185034 
EFTA01354256

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354257.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354257.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Secondary market supply/demand remains balanced 
Glendower believes that the secondary market supply I demand is balanced with an active set of both buyers and sellers. 
Greenhill estimates the available dry powder in the Secondary market at ca. US$125 billion. If compared with 2017 
annual volume of US$58 billion, this represents a 2.2x ratio: Glendower believes that this represents a reasonable 
supply/demand balance of approximately two years of deal flow at current market volumes. a more favorable balance 
than in comparison to traditional private equity. 
Exhibit 12: Strong Secondary Capita! supply/' 
Exhibit 13: Dry powder/deal volume remains balanced" 
USSbn 
USSOA 
140 • 
700 
120 • 
600 , 
500 
corbowerCeptaissamafri wt 
wrraion/ man a 
CO .
100
masb•rodepty Settrdanos 
400 
Sec 
300 
200 
100 
0' 
Dry110.5e 
Mewl Nei Voiume 
Pow. 
• 040.5,4 
• 
Ikryoui 
Seccnesne• 
Glendower believes the increase in absolute dry powder in the secondary market over the last few years has led some 
buyers - in an attempt to keep pace with capital deployment desires - to modify their investment discipline. Glendower 
emphasizes rigorous asset selection and has historically maintained a very disciplined approach in its opportunity 
selection, transacting approximately 1W° of total transaction volume by value since inception. 
Diverse and growing seller universe 
Seller composition in 2017 was highly diverse, with no institutional category accounting for more than a quarter of total 
deals by number. According to Greenhill, all types of sellers participated in the secondary market in the first half of the 
year. This reflects the evolution of the secondary market which now represents an efficient portfolio management tool 
that is used by market participants to strategically rebalance private equity portfolios. The varied seller make-up contrasts 
to the past where volumes were concentrated in financial institutions and pension plans. Glendower expects selling 
activity to remain broad-based with particular strength from (i) GPs, (ii) public pensions. and (iii) funds-of-funds as they 
continuously rebalance their portfolios and seek to liquidate older vintage vehicles. 
Glendower Capital based on Greenhll Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Cub* January 2018 
2018 Pre can Global Private Equity 8 Venture casts Report Ban 8 Company Global P0V646 Equity Report 2018 and Greenhll Cogent Secondary 
Men et Trans 8 ()Weak January 2018 
Deal flow iregmation represerts The aggregate deal flow by value reviewed by tht Glendower SOF Team between January 1. 2006 and September 
30. 2017 Hed1C0C6Idear flow characteristics do rig provide a predation of Faure deal flow trends and there can be no guarantee that future deal flow 
will be comparable to histonc deal flew 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038851 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185035 
EFTA01354257

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354258.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354258.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
Exhibit 14: 2017: Seller composition breakdowno 
Exhibit 15: Funds marketed by vintage
100% - 
2016 
>20013 POSI-4116.4 
General 
Entkmmeto 
Ircue4ens 
410% 
39% 
Pones 
24% 
reerdy 0114. 
arm 
60% 
66% 
2036a Pre.crisa 
40% 
43% 
Franoal 
instaatiens 
12% 
Asset 1AIneger / rcf 
20% • 
11% 
<2006 PIIKIISIS 
0%  
2316 
2017 
0.koc 
Penvens 
SW! 
24% 
Emergence of tail-end sales 
There has been a recent emergence of traditional secondary buyers and funds-of-funds entering the market as sellers. 
While these seller types may be emerging, motivations for doing so are not new and are consistent with the broader 
asset management sub-segment, where sellers are looking to wind down older vehicles to either lock in gains, return 
capital to LPs. or both. Glendower estimates that here is a significant supply of secondary opportunities in pre-crisis 
bubble funds as evidenced by ca. USS600 billion of private equity assets still locked in 2003.2008 vintage funds. 
Exhibit 16: PE Assets by Fund Vintage Yearo 
USSon 
250 
200 
226 
201 
188 
193 
150 
137 
149 
144
129 
100 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
iiimrtmairoain 
" 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook January 2016 
f' 2017 Preps Global Pena* Equity 8 Venture Capt.! Report - Pewee Eatery and Venture Corral Unrealized Value by Fund Virago Year a of 
June 2016. 
Confidential Prerate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038852 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185038 
EFTA01354258

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354259.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354259.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Growth and prominence of GP-led Secondaries 
The volume of GP-led Secondaries in 2017 was US$14 billion, representing approximately 24% of total Secondary 
market deal volumes.63 These transactions included recaps and restructurings. tender offers, direct secondaries and 
spin-outs. Historically, transactions involving buyout funds have dominated the landscape (70% of all GP-led 
Secondaries volume in 201669; however, there was significant growth in the real assets space with infrastructure funds 
representing 15%, followed by real estate, energy and venture. 
Exhibit 17: GP-led Secondaries Transaction Volume (2006 - 2017)" 
USSbn 
% of Secondary 
market deal valume 
30% 
140 
25% 
18% 
GASP 
20% 
15% 
10% 
2.4 
1.9 
5% 
1 
0.6 
0% 
2C06 
2007 
2038 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
GP.led sceondates 
—GP4ed secondaries as % of foul 
A number of factors are driving the trend for the general partners of underlying funds to organize liquidity solutions on 
behalf of their investors: 
• 
The global financial crisis left many GPs delaying exits by several years resulting in a build-up of inventory of assets 
for sale. Today, there is US$0.6 trillion of unrealized private equity assets locked in vintages 2008 and earlier. 
• 
LPs are taking a more proactive approach to rebalancing their portfolios, which have included growing demands for 
the liquidity that GPs have long promised. 
■ A greater and growing ntrnber of high-quality managers are now utilizing the Secondary market to solve unique 
issues among their funds (i.e., end of fund life planning, additional capital to support existing portfolio companies, 
release of capital for latest offering etc.). 
■ Continued evolution and refinement of transaction structures. 
Glendower believes that this reality has led to an influx of GP-led liquidity offerings and restructurings Once mere 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends 8 Oak.* January 2018. 
Greenlel Cogent Secondary Market Trends 8 OLO:0k JallUaly 2017. 
Glenckwer Carmel based on Greenler Secondary market Trends 8 Outkok January 2018 and EvercoreHt 2017 Seem:Wry Market Survey Rasa 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038853 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185037 
EFTA01354259

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354260.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354260.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
curiosities. Glendower observes that GP-led Secondaries have quickly grown to be an important aspect of the market. 
one that Glendower expects to continue to actively drive volumes in the future. Glendower believes that it is only a matter 
of time before large brand name GPs utilize the Secondary market to achieve liquidity solutions for their older funds. 
While there has been a large influx of GP-led opportunities. Glendower has not observed that this automatically 
translates to closed deals. In fact, various market intermediaries have noted increased instances of failed transactions. 
GP-led Secondaries are inherently complex with many stakeholders involved. Glendower continues to believe the 
common themes among successful GP-led Secondaries include early and open communication with existing LPs, quality 
assets that are fairly valued, well-aligned managers and the creation of a set of options for existing investors that are 
more attractive than the status quo. 
The increased transaction risk and structuring sophistication that characterize GP-led Secondaries require more 
advanced secondary transactional expertise, larger teams and mid-to-large fund sizes to underwrite deals that are more 
concentrated than traditional LP portfolios. Glendower has taken a cautious, value-oriented approach to GP-led 
Secondaries and focuses on opportunities where there is strong alignment with the manager, diversified portfolio, 
attractive cash flow positive assets, near-term liquidity and a compelling rationale for the GP to seek a comprehensive 
liquidity solution for existing LPs. It is important to focus on deals that have the right dynamics to lead to a successful 
outcome for all involved parties. 
Exhibit 18: Glendower expects an increasing prevalence of GP-fed Secondaries with 'Top Quartile' GPs6° 
Diverse 
poor 
of brand 
names 
Bottom 
Quartile 
Less known GPs 
looking for a 
bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
Zombies looking her 
sautions make 
(mike./ targets 
GlenckmerCeprtal mancet interagente 
RC. Itditner> DIAMOND CASTLE 
One Equity Partners 
immge 
Wm(ntio; 
s 
v 
QUADISCA WIG, / 
DUKE 
ST WEE F 
A ARCO HEAL ESTATE 
ZOMBIE GPs 
GMT 
QT 
• 
Zurmont Madison 
. . 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038854 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185038 
EFTA01354260

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354261.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354261.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
The Competitive Environment 
The secondary market is made up of a range of funds targeting secondary opportunities varying in size from under 
US$100 million up to the largest, at US$10.8 billion, that closed in 2016.67 Secondaries funds are further differentiated 
by their geographic focus and increasingly by their sourcing and investment strategy. 
The Fund will be positioned in the mid-sized segment of the market, which the Manager estimates currently comprises 
secondaries funds between USS1 billion and US$3 billion in size. The Manager believes this is a particularly attractive 
segment of the market because funds in this size bracket are able to build diversified portfolios while also being 
extremely selective over which transactions to pursue. 
In contrast, funds below USS1 billion are forced to compete in the very competitive market for small fund interests. and 
are often focused on particular geographies or strategies, reducing such a fund's ability to mitigate risk through 
diversification. Conversely, funds with sizes of greater than USS3 billion inevitably build extremely diversified portfolios 
which act as private equity indices and therefore have difficulty in generating out performance. 
Exhibit 19: Glendower Competitive Landscape: Well Positioned to Pursue its Strategy's 
hunt Si. 
IUS10001 
Wad bolo ploy 
Kowa.< 
10.CCO  
L 
Meant; 
• 
Glthel sourang 
. 
%tame -cirm0 
lox 
• 
• 
Apha 00/ 
recto .0‘asing 
M 
• Camel sourarl 
• 
Sefect00 sc0rong 
Ma 
.
s nalerd»,s 
S 
• 
LOON sP•ong 
. 
isry ceinpaThe 
'Co 
11A1 
1122B 
O0 
g 0 
Sourcing strategies 
It% 
An
(-) 
. , ,,,xo 
Frzi 
b 
O 
62,8 6  
O Pi o 
O 
c
- S. 
BeeOgvuor 
AF FI 
0
00 
2° 
Dig 
i°0 
s • g 
e s
:It 
• 
1gW 
2002 
700* 
2226 
2003 
2010 
2012 
2014 
ZS 
an 
Fu-<w/tam 
e411n 
II•23n 
• •S2en 
. Caergbeer Cal 
-10 players 
-10 players 
>S0 Players 
Many of the larger funds source investments through auctions designed to sell large portfolios where the seller is looking 
to significantly reduce its private equity exposure. These sellers have historically included financial institutions that are 
compelled to sell by incoming regulations, and pension plans looking to actively manage their private equity portfolios. 
Financial institutions have now largely finished selling their portfolios, but pension plans remain large investors in private 
equity and will continue to sell periodically to manage their exposure. 
Following the sale of these large portfolios, the mix of sellers has changed towards alternative asset managers, family 
offices and endowments and foundations. The Manager expects the Fund to be ideally positioned to selectively acquire 
some of the remaining assets and positions held by these potential sellers. These transactions tend to be more 
complicated to execute or less conventional in asset type (real estate, infrastructure. mezzanine and special situations). 
The Manager's expertise in structuring relatively complex transactions, together with its target deal size of under USS100 
Soiree. Glendower Capdamarket intengeme 
't Source Preen database and Glendower Captiat's own analysts 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038855 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185039 
EFTA01354261

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354262.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
million, make it a potential buyer of choice in these transactions. 
Maturity of fund interests 
The mid-sized fund segment of the market is further differentiated through the maturity of fund interests targeted. 
Some strategies target interests in immature buyout funds which are between 15% and 50% drawn down. These 
strategies do a primary style analysis of the blind pool portion of the portfolio - focusing on the capability of the Fund 
Sponsor to invest the remaining commitments well, alongside a secondary pricing analysis of the existing assets. 
Complementary to this. some secondaries funds target interests in Fund Sponsors that are considered by their primary 
fund investment businesses to be of high quality on the basis that these interests, even if bought at close to par value, 
represent a compelling purchase. 
In contrast to these approaches, the Fund will focus only on mature fund interests (at least 50% drawn, typically over 
80% drawn). This approach provides the Manager with visibility on the underlying assets and reduces reliance on the 
Fund Sponsor to select strong investment opportunities (reduces 'blind pool risk'). 
Investment Process 
Overview 
The Glendower SOF Team has developed a robust and selective investment process to support its focused and 
disciplined investment strategy. 
Exhibit 20: Secondaries Investment Process 
Deal 
VI IclinditIOn 
and sourcing 
Too dam 
identecation or 
attractne assets 
Focus on key 
Sellere)rmals 
Preece. eating 
Kens 
Lonna or as 
oorenear date onto 
name 
Screening 
and due 
dikgerce 
Weekly °now ce 
Ptehne 
Stalling and 
Pnontreation 
Detailed battCen-
uadva dIrconce 
Transition 
neeptoton and 
SlruCtunN 
irp,estment 
decision 
closing 
Apre04.1 by 
Investment 
Committee 
Final negatialaCen 
&prod 
trans/Keen 
GP consent ;other 
closing condemns 
FX nedaino 
posing 
Manitoram 
and risk 
moot 
Redoes or 
realssations and 
UPIA:0s on 
pcdoenance at 
needy meeting 
Inwstruent 
realizaticn 
- 
Revew carillon 
from unckeloc%) 
funds 
Geo ne 
exeluaton col Sale 
&striate and 
oCloolunthes 
execute 
realisatrons weer. 
Fennel coadorly 
he hoe CISCIWIC41 
MatatKKI and 
p0/10'MaDZO 
fiNew 
ValuabOn Mader 
PSA and 
ValUttr011 memo 
IC memo 
Pipeline 
IC memo 
suMenotion 
CbCUTOrtS 
CASIOdy WOW 
Sale documents 
Deal origination and sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to purchase funds in exclusive or minimally competitive negotiated transactions 
through its own extensive network of industry relationships. which includes financial sponsors. Fund Sponsors, portfolio 
companies, intermediaries/placement agents, and investment banks. 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to proactively identify private equity funds through a combination of top-down and 
bottom-up analysis. 
Top-down identification of assets: an extensive private equity database listing certain funds is maintained with recent 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038856 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185040 
EFTA01354262

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354263.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354263.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
pricing that is expected to enable the Glendower SOF Team to pro-actively source these opportunities in the market and 
respond quickly to any potential seller. Top-down asset selection and approach utilizes the following principles: 
■ Majority of value in identifiable, attractive assets. 
■ Focus on quality assets. 
■ Fund Sponsor/LP alignment of interest, e.g., fund is distributing. or is expected to distribute, carried interest. 
• 
Reasonable leverage at portfolio and underlying company levels. 
• 
Attractive "see through" entry multiple at today's pricing. 
Screening and due diligence 
The Manager proposes to implement an investment process that adopts a rigorous and disciplined value-focused. 
bottom-up due diligence' approach coupled with top-down asset selection to identify quality investment opportunities. 
The Manager intends to implement a rigorous. value-focused bottom-up due diligence focused on: 
• 
Operational, financial and market risk analysis for each underlying portfolio company. 
• 
Cash flow analysis at portfolio level. 
• 
Review of fund and portfolio company management. 
• 
Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns. 
• 
Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity. 
As required, independent analysis on tax, legal and accounting issues, as well as other specialist external advice, where 
necessary, will support the investment decision process. In minority co-investments, while leveraging the due diligence 
completed by the transaction's main lead investor, the Glendower SOF Team will perform its own due diligence in an 
attempt to verify the key assumptions underpinning the investment case. 
Investment decision and closing 
On successful completion of the due diligence process and negotiation of key terms, an investment memorandum will be 
presented to the Investment Committee (as described in Section 5: Fund Management of this Memorandum) to be 
considered for approval. The Investment Committee's role will include deciding. on the basis of information and advice 
arising from the investment evaluation process and the results of the full due diligence process, whether the Fund should 
proceed with the proposed investment.
If approved by the Investment Committee, the next stage will involve the Glendower SOF Team completing the 
transaction on behalf of the Fund in accordance with the agreed terms. This process typically involves finalizing 
negotiations with sellers, signing a purchase and sale agreement, finalizing negotiations with any lenders to the 
transaction if required, and closing the acquisition directly or via intermediate investment vehicles, where appropriate. 
The Glendower SOF Team will also analyze the currency exposure of the portfolio being purchased and implement 
appropriate foreign exchange hedges. 
Monitoring and risk management 
After acquiring an investment for the Fund, and where considered by the Manager to be appropriate, the Glendoveer SOF 
Team will actively manage the investment including. for example, utilizing selective hedging to mitigate the potential 
impact of foreign exchange movements. 
• 
7o tne extent etionnetron *evader:4e from the underlying Mid 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038857 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185041 
EFTA01354263

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354264.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Ongoing deal management will usually rest with the Glendower SOF Team members who completed the investment.
The Manager recognizes that relationship building is important and therefore believes in continuity of representation, but 
may change representation in certain circumstances, including if the investment under-performs as against its business 
plan 
During the life of the investment, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will. 
• 
Attend annual partnership meetings for underlying funds, participate in conference calls with Fund Sponsors and 
otherwise liaise with them. 
• 
Review financial information to assess whether there are constraints on the capacity of the investee business or 
management to perform to the business plan. 
■ Monitor both industry and general market developments to assess whether there is any impact on each investee 
company. 
■ Form a view as to what actions, steps or remedial processes are necessary and work out how to influence key 
decision makers at the relevant underlying fund to take the necessary actions, steps or remedial processes. 
• 
Prepare valuations and reviews for the Fund's quarterly valuation meeting and investor report.
• 
Regular monitoring of the Fund's investments: 
- 
weekly transaction review meetings — the Glendower SOF Team will monitor the Fund's portfolio. review 
significant developments in respect of its investments, monitor cash activity of the underlying funds (re.. 
distributions and capital calls) and assess opportunities to potentially add value to an investment or exit an 
investment 
— 
quarterly reviews — on a quarterly basis and in advance of the quarterly valuation meeting, the Glendower SOF 
Team will review the Fund's portfolio and discuss developments in the portfolio and valuation changes and 
agree valuations for the quarterly valuation meeting. 
■ Review of foreign exchange hedging requirements. 
Investment realization 
In general, the Fund will realize its investment in an underlying fund as investments of the underlying kind are realized. 
However, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will review the marketplace on an ongoing basis to seek 
to identify pricing anomalies and opportunities to realize Fund investments in the secondary market. 
The Manager intends that any proposal to dispose of a Fund Secondary, a GP-led Secondary or a Single Asset Deal will 
go through the due diligence, recommendation and approval stages as set forth above in respect of investment 
acquisitions. In particular, on successful completion of the due diligence process and negotiation of key terms, a 
divestment memorandum will be prepared by the Glendower SOF Team and presented to the Investment Committee for 
approval. 
The Investment Committee's role will include deciding, on the basis of information and advice arising from the divestment 
evaluation process and the due diligence process. whether the Fund should proceed with the proposed divestment. 
" The extent c4 the Obsndower SOF Teem8 inWacbco vain Fund Spomas including bs atterang partnership meetings we depend on the herbaria; 
Fund Sponsor end the txxlerlyng fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038858 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185042 
EFTA01354264

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354265.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038859 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185043 
EFTA01354265

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354266.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354266.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038860 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185044 
EFTA01354266

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354267.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 5 Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Fund Management 
Glendower Capital 
Glendower Capital is an independent investment firm, privately owned by its partners and focused on secondary private 
markets formed by the secondary opportunities team that spun-out from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 
2017. The senior team led by Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith has worked together for 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
in its asset management division. The secondaries business. co-founded by Carlo and Charles in 2006. has raised and 
invested four vehicles (SOF, SOF D, SOF II, and SOF III) with US$3 bilkon of commitments in total. 
Glendower Capital has two office locations in London and New York. with a 23-strong team expected to grow to 26.28 by 
the first half of 2018. The 16 investment professionals have an average of 12 years of relevant experience. 
Glendower Capital operates according to the same sourcing, underwriting, portfolio management and fund administration 
processes that the SOF Team developed in a self-contained and integrated manner when it was established in 2006.T1
Glendower Capital leverages an extensive database and network of relationships developed over 15 years in the 
secondary market with investments in over 350 fund interests globally. 
Management of the Fund 
The General Partner of the Fund will be indirectly owned by the partners of Glendower Capital and its board of directors 
will be comprised of entirely independent directors. Bnef biographies of the proposed directors of the General Partner 
are set out in Appendix 7: Board of Directors of the General Partner. 
SOF IV will be managed and operated by Glendower Capital from within the UK. Glendower Capital is authorized as an 
AIFM by the FCA and will act as the AIFM to SOF IV and assume responsibility as such. 
Investment Team 
The Glendower SOF Team is comprised of 16 investment professionals dedicated to originating, valuing and managing 
secondary investments. Five of the team members, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Chi Cheung, Adam Graev and 
Francesco Rigamonk,72 have worked together since 2007 and together with Emilio Olmos, the Principal (Rikesh 
Mohandoss) and the five Vice Presidents can all act in a lead capacity on investments. 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee (the "investment Committee") will be established in respect of the Fund to evaluate and 
approve investments for the Fund. 
The Investment Committee, in addition to other matters. will (i) evaluate the 
investment universe for the Fund, (ii) review detailed analysis of target investments, (iii) formulate strategies to acquire, 
divest or manage portfolio investments. and (iv) advise on the investment strategy of the Fund. The members of the 
Investment Committee will be Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Adam Graev, Chi Cheung and Emilio Olmos, provided 
that Glendower Capital can change the composition and voting process of the Investment Committee at any time at its 
discretion. The quorum for the Investment Committee will be three, with decisions being made on a unanimous basis. 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset Management the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that wit not be awelable to the Glendower SCF Team in connoacn with the management and 
operation of SOF IV 
Francesco Rmamorti win act m a senior advisor to Glendower Capes ands net a partner, officer or employee of Glendower Capital 
Confidential Prorate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038861 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185045 
EFTA01354267

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354268.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354268.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
From time to tine. end as appropriate, the Manager may invite additional persons as observers to the Investment 
Committee. 
SOF IV Investment Committee Members 
Carlo PlaJo-Biroll (52), Managing Partner and Chief Executive Officer. Based in London, Carlo is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower. Carlo spent 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. From 2003 to 2006 he participated in the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's E 6 billion private equity portfolio. From 2012 to 2016 Carlo served as the Global Head of 
DB Private Equity with US$13 billion AUM in primary fund of funds, secondary funds and co-investments. Before 
Deutsche Bank. Carlo was the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of funds: an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.: a consultant at The Boston Consulting Group in New York and served as a junior officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is 
a qualified civil structural engineer (PEng). Carlo is a structural civil engineer by education and training and a qualified 
professional engineer. Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and an MSc in Civil Engineering from the 
University of Rome. Italy. 
Charles Smith (49), Managing Partner and Chief investment Officer. Based in London. Charles is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower. Charles spent 25 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. Prior to setting up the SOF Business, from 2003 to 
2006, Charles was the Head of UK Corporate Investments, responsible for the restructuring and sale of Deutsche Bank's 
E6 billion proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, Charles was a Managing Director in the bank's M&A team 
based in London focused on originating and executing transactions in the Technology, Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and Management Studies from Cambridge University. He is a Chartered 
Management Accountant (ACMA). 
Adam Graev (44), Partner. Based in New York, Adam is a Partner of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower, Adam 
spent ten years at Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for the secondary private equity business in the Americas 
and led the implementation and management of secondary transactions. Prior to joining Deutsche Bank, Adam led 
private equity secondary and co-investment deals at Pomona Capital. Before then, Adam led direct private equity 
investments in venture. growth equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an 
affiliate of Soros Fund Management. Adam began his career as a financial analyst in technology investment banking at 
Cowen & Co. Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
Chi Cheung (40), Partner. Based in London. Chi is a Partner of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower. Chi spent 19 
years at Deutsche Bank where he was a founding member of the SOF Business in 2006, and most recently, he was 
responsible for the secondary private equity business in Europe and led the implementation and management of 
secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 working as an Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT and real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006 he participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's E6 billion private equity portfolio. Previously. Chi completed a two-year apprenticeship with Deutsche 
Bank. Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge University. 
Emilio Olmos (42), Managing Director. Based in London. Emilio is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments in Southern Europe. the Middle East and Asia. Prior to Glendower. Emilio was 
a Portfolio Manager at ADIA. where he spent over five years focusing on secondary transactions. Previously, he was a 
Director in the UBS Secondary Advisory team. Prior to that, Emilio was a Vice President at Deutsche Bank in the SOF 
team, which he joined as an Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. Before that Emiho worked at Credit Suisse in its 
investment banking division, and started his career as a Strategy Analyst at Lafarge. Emilio holds an MSc from HEC 
Paris and an MEng from the Polytechnic University of Madrid, Spain. 
Glendower Capital Professionals 
Deirdre Davies (43), Partner and Chief Operating Officer. Based in London, Deirdre is responsible for the operations 
of the Fund and the business. Prior to Glendower, Deirdre spent 15 years at Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006 and was responsible for the operations (across legal, compliance and fund 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038862 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185046 
EFTA01354268

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354269.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354269.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0USI43 Henry Nicholas 
Section 5: Fund Managemerd 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
finance) and investor relations for the secondary private equity business. Previously, she was at KPMG in South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of KwaZulu-Natal. South Africa. She is a Chartered Accountant (CA, SA). 
Joshua Glaser (43), Partner. Based in New York. Joshua is responsible for leading the firm's client coverage and 
fundraising. Prior to Glendower, Joshua was a Managing Director at Deustche Asset Management where he served as 
Co-Head of Investment Specialists. Alternatives (Americas). responsible for managing the fundraising of alternative 
investment products. Before then, Joshua led fundraising and investor relations for Paul Capital. serving as Director of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, Joshua was a Director with Forum Capital, a boutique private equity placement 
group. Joshua began his career as a financial analyst in investment banking at CIBC Oppenheimer, and its predecessor. 
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
Francesco Rigamontl (46), Senior Advisor. Based in Milan. Francesco works with Glendower Capital on specific 
secondary and co
-investment opportunities. Francesco spent 17 years at Deutsche Bank where he was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006, and most recently, he was responsible for co-investments. Francesco joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2000 with responsibility for corporate development in Italy and participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's E6billion private equity portfolio. Previously he worked at Gallo & Co., an Italian merchant bank, 
where he focused on restructurings. Francesco holds an MBA from the University of Chicago Booth &Awl of Business 
and an MA in Business and Economics from the Catholic University of Milan, Italy. 
The senior team is supported by a team of associate to principal level professionals who are responsible for the analysis 
of transaction opportunities, supporting the senior professionals in the origination and execution of transactions and 
supporting the investment team in client relations. finance and operations. 
Rikesh Mohandoss (36), Principal. Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower. Rikesh spent eight years at Deutsche Bank and most 
recently spent the past five years originating, valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments in North America 
for the SOF Business. Rikesh joined Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 20O7, Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in Credit Risk Management at 
Bank of America and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie 
Mac) in 2003. Rikesh holds a BBA from The George Washington University and a MBA from Columbia Business School. 
Katherine Weaver (39), Principal, Funds CFO. Based in New York. Katie is the Chief Financial Officer for Fund 
Finance. Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at Deutsche Bank in the SOF fund finance team, first as financial 
controller and then as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at Brookfield Office 
Properties and a financial accountant at Trizec Properties. 
She began her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting from the University of Wisconsin, Madison. 
Victoria Loldi (32), Vice President. Based in London. Victoria is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Victoria spent five years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. From 2009 to 2012, 
Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC where she worked within the Investment Banking Dnision, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Victoria graduated from the London School of Economics 
with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Devrup Banerjee (30), Vice President. Based in London. Devrup is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Devrup spent five years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. From 2008 to 2012. Devrup worked at 
Goldman Sachs as part of the Natural Resources team within the Investment Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford with an MA 
in Economics and Management in 2008. 
Aldrich Chan (31), Vice President. Based in New York. Aldrich is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Aldrich spent four years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. He began his career at 
UBS Investment Bank's Global Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking group. Aldrich received his BS in Finance. 
summa cum laude. from New York University's Stern School of Business. He is currently an MBA candidate at the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038863 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185047 
EFTA01354269

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354270.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354270.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. 
Philippe Femeini (34), Vice President. Based in London. Philippe is responsible for the origination, valuation, 
execution and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Philippe spent four years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing. executing and monitoring secondary investments for the S0F Business. He 
worked for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment banking Associate in the Global Industrials Group and for two years 
at Booz & Company as a Senior Consultant in the Financial Services Practice. Philippe holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School of Business and a Master of Engineering (Diplome dingenieur) from Telecom 
ParisTech. 
Elena Smimova (31), Vice President. Based in London. Elena is responsible for the origination. valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Elena spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the S0F Business. From 2012 to 2015 Elena 
worked in HSBC's Financial Institutions Advisory unit, where she focused on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first pined HSBC in 2010 in their Global Banking and Markets business. Elena graduated from the 
Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration with a first class degree in Business 
Administration and Management in 2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and Finance from the European Business 
School in London. 
Louise Schoeman (36), Vice President - Finance. Based in London. Louise is responsible for the set up and 
operations of the finance platform for the management company structure and in the set up and ongoing requirements 
for the compliance and risk management functions for the platform. Prior to Glendower Capital, Louise was Finance 
Director for London's Air Ambulance. a registered charity. Louise worked with the S0F team previously from 2011 to 
2013 as a business manager, having started her career as an accountant at Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. Louise graduated from the University of Pretoria with a BCom (Mons) in Accounting Sciences in 2003. 
and qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 2007. 
Jonathan Roome (25), Associate. Based in London, Jonathan supports the transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Jonathan spent two years at Deutsche Asset Management supporting the transaction team in valuing, executing and 
monitoring secondary investments for the S0F Business. Jonathan graduated from the London School of Economics 
and Political Sciences with a Bachelor of Science in Economics in 2015, having achieved first class honors. 
Douglas O'Connell (24), Associate. Based in New York, Doug supports the transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. 
Doug worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The Carlyle Group, and spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management supporting the hedge fund secondary transaction team in valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a Bachelor of Science in 
Finance, having achieved University Honors. 
Rafael Enrlquez-Hesles (24), Associate. Based in New York, Rafael supports the transaction team across all 
secondary investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower 
Capital, Rafael spent three years at Wel in the Diversified Industrials Investment Banking Group working on mergers & 
acquisitions and capital market transactions globally. Rafael graduated from Bucknell University with a Bachelor of 
Science in Civil Engineering and a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Sheldon Lee (26), Analyst. Based in London, Sheldon supports the transaction team across all secondary investment 
related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent two years at 
Citibank in Corporate and Investment Banking. Sheklon holds a MSc in Industrial Management from KTH Institute of 
Technology, and holds a BSc in Industrial Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure des Mines de Nancy. 
In addition to the existing team it is expected that the following team members will be recruited over the corning six 
months: Investment Team Associate. London; Tax Vice President, New York; and a Fund Controller Associate. New 
York. 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038864 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185048 
EFTA01354270

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354271.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354271.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038865 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185049 
EFTA01354271

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354272.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354272.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summery of Terms end Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Summary of Terms and Conditions 
The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Fund. This summary is qualified in its entirely by reference to 
the Fund Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of Interests, both of which are 
available upon request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment decision. The offer made hereby 
is subject to modification, prior sale and withdrawal. 
To the extent that there is any inconsistency between this 
Memorandum and the Fund Documents, the provisions of the Fund Documents will prevail. 
The Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP, an English private fund limited 
partnership. 
Investment Objective 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive risk adjusted investment returns, principally in the 
form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, refinancing and 
disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout. growth capital, venture 
capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The Fund will target globally, but primarily in 
the U.S. and Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established generalist and specialist 
private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder funds and other similar 
structures) primarily on the secondary market (each such fund or structure, a 'Fund 
Secondary), (ii) the acquisition of investment interests in private equity fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(each such investment interest, a "GP-led Secondary). and (iii) co-investments in individual 
portfolio companies alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such co-investment, a 
'Single Asset Dean. Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset Deals may 
be made in vehicles established in any jurisdiction. The Manager expects that the majority of 
the Fund's portfolio investments, by committed capital, will be held for at least four years. 
The General Partner 
The Manager 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. will serve as a general partner of the Fund (the 
"General Partner). The General Partner, on behalf of the Fund, will appoint the Manager to 
manage the Fund's investment strategy, as described below. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LIP, an English limited liability partnership (the 
'Second GP"), will also serve as a general partner of the Fund but, in accordance with the 
Fund Documents, will have no authority to manage, operate or administer the business or 
affairs of the Fund other than as may be required by law. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership (the 'Manager) is authorized 
and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority (including under the EU 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the 'AIFMCip and its implementing 
legislation in the UK) will provide portfolio management, risk management and administrative 
services to the Fund, including investigating, analyzing, structuring and negotiating potential 
investments, monitoring the performance of portfolio investments and advising the Fund as to 
disposition opportunities. The Manager will make all investment and disposition decisions. 
The Manager will be the Fund's "AlFM- (as defined in the AIFMD) and will assume 
responsibility as such. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Manager, to the exclusion of the General 
Partner and the Second GP. will take all actions in respect of the Fund that constitute 
regulated activities for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
The General Partner will be responsible for the Manager's fees which it will satisfy from the 
Confidential Amato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038866 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185050 
EFTA01354272

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354273.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354273.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summery of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
General Partner's Share. 
The Adviser 
Commitments 
Minimum Commitment 
Glendower Capital 
Investment 
Closings 
Subsequent Closing 
Partners 
Orawdowns 
The Manager will appoint its affiliate. Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC ('Glendower U.S.). to 
provide investment advice to the Manager in connection with the investment management of 
the Fund. 
The Manager will be responsible for Glendower U.S.'s fees pursuant to a sub-advisory 
agreement. 
The Fund is seeking aggregate commitments to the Fund ('Commitments") of 
US$1.75 billion. although the General Partner may accept aggregate Commitments less than. 
or in excess of. this amount, provided that aggregate Commitments do not exceed 
USS2.5 billion (not including the Team Investment (as defined below)). 
In order to subscribe for an Interest. a prospective limited Partner must execute a deed of 
adherence and provide documentation to the General Partner in order to satisfy its 'customer 
due diligence' obligations. The General Partner may accept or reject a subscription for an 
Interest. 
The minimum Commitment for a limited partner of the Fund (collectively, the 'Limited 
Partners" and, together with the General Partner and the Second GP. the 'Partners") is 
US$5 million, although the General Partner may accept Commitments of lesser amounts. 
Each Limited Partner will make a capital contribution to the Fund equal to 0.01% of its 
Commitment. The remaining 99.99% of its Commitment may be drawn down by the Manager 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund (each, an 'Advance"). 
Certain individuals that are partners or employees of the Manager and Glendower U.S. will 
invest in the Fund (the 'Team Investment') indirectly through the Special Limited Partner (as 
defined below). 
The Team Investment will be equal to, at least, 1% of the aggregate 
Commitments. 
The General Partner will hold an initial closing of the Fund (the 'First Closing") as soon as 
practicable. From time to time after the First Closing one or more additional closings may be 
held as necessary to admit additional Limited Partners (each, and the First Closing, a 
"Closing"). The final Closing of the Fund is to take place no later than 15 months after the 
First Closing (the 'Final Admission Date), provided that, if on the 15 month anniversary of 
the First Closing, aggregate Commitments and commitments to any Parallel Fund (as defined 
below) are: (i) less than US$1.75 billion then the Final Admission Date shall be automatically 
extended to the 18 month anniversary of the First Closing or (ii) US$1.75 billion or more then 
the General Partner may extend the Final Admission Date with the consent of the Fund 
Advisory Committee (as defined below). 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund subsequent to the First Closing (each a "Subsequent 
Closing Partner') generally will participate in the investments, if any, made by the Fund prior 
to their admission. Each Subsequent Closing Partner will generally contribute to the Fund an 
amount equal to its proportionate share of all funded Commitments of the Partners admitted 
in prior Closings, plus an additional amount computed as interest thereon at the higher of the 
preferred retum rate of 8% and three-month USD LIBOR plus 2% from the date of each 
applicable funding, with such appropriate adjustments as may be necessary to take into 
account distributions made to Partners admitted in prior Closings. 
Advances will be drawn down on an as needed basis to make investments and to pay the 
General Partner's Share and Fund liabilities and expenses at any time, generally upon 
business days' prior written notice. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038867 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185051 
EFTA01354273

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354274.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Investment Period 
Reinvestment 
Key Person Event 
Diversification 
The Fund's investment period will commence on the date of the First Closing, and will expire 
at the end of the calendar quarter in which the earliest of the following occurs (the 
'Investment Period"): 
(i) 
the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for such purpose, 
and 
(ii) 
four years from the Final Admission Date. 
The Fund may draw down Commitments to make investments at any time during the 
Investment Period (subject to any suspension of the Investment Period following a key 
person event (as described below)). After the end of the Investment Period, the Fund will not 
make new portfolio investments, but may (a) fund existing obligations to make contributions 
or advances in respect of any investment. (b) complete investments that were in process as 
of the end of the Investment Period, (e) fund follow-on investments with respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, Single Asset Deals or GP-led Secondaries, in an aggregate amount not to 
exceed 20% of aggregate Commitments, and (d) continue to draw down Commitments to pay 
liabilities and ongoing operating expenses, including the General Partner's Share. 
The following amounts will be added back to unfunded Commitments and may be drawn 
down again by the Fund: (i) distributions from any portfolio investment received by the Fund 
within twenty-four months of the date on which such investment was made, but only to the 
extent of capital invested by the Fund in such investment: (ii) following the termination of the 
Investment Period and subject to the limitations described in 'Investment Period' above, an 
amount equal to any and all distributions made to the Partners, but only for the purpose of 
funding any obligation of the Fund and any follow-on investments with respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset Deals, and (iii) distributions made 
to the Partners to the extent of funded Advances used to fund drawings of the General 
Partner's Share (as defined below) or pay organizational expenses or Fund expenses. 
The Fund's initial key persons will be Charles Smith. Carlo Pirzioaroli, Adam Graev and Chi 
Cheung (with such persons, and any replacement key persons, being the 'Key Persons"). 
The General Partner may, from time to time, nominate one or more qualified replacements for 
such Key Persons. Such a nominated qualified replacement will become a Key Person with 
the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee. 
The Investment Period will be automatically suspended if (i) either Charles Smith or Carlo 
Pirzio-Biroli and (ii) any other Key Person cease to devote substantially all their business time 
to the affairs of the Fund, any co-investment fund, Parallel Fund (as defined below) or 
Alternative Vehicle (as defined below), the SOF Program, any Complementary Fund (as 
defined below), any successor fund and Glendower (the 'Permitted ActivitIer). 
The 
Investment Period may be reinstated (a) at any time with the consent of 66'A% in interest of 
the Limited Partners, or (b) if the requisite number of qualified replacements for the Key 
Persons are approved within 120 days of the Investment Period being suspended. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Period will also be automatically suspended if 
both of Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith cease to devote substantially all of their 
business time to the Permitted Activities. Following such a suspension, the Investment 
Period may be reinstated at any time with the consent of 66%% in interest of the Limited 
Partners. 
If the Investment Period is suspended due to either of the circumstances described above, it 
will terminate automatically if not reinstated after 12 months. 
Absent the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee (i) no more than 5% of the Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any individual Single Asset Deal, (ii) no more than 20% of 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038888 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185052 
EFTA01354274

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354275.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354275.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summery of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
the Investment Restriction Base will be invested in any single Fund Secondary or GP-led 
Secondary. (iii) no more than 20% of the Investment Restriction Base invested in Single 
Asset Deals will be made on a primary basis, (iv) no more than 12.5% of the Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any blind pool investment fund on a primary basis or 
where less than 50% of aggregate capital commitments of such fund have been drawn down. 
and (v) no more than 10% of the Investment Restriction Base will be invested in any portfolio 
investments with a focus on real estate investments. 
'Investment Restriction Base' means (a) prior to the Final Admission Date, an amount 
equal to the greater of (i) US$1.75 billion and (ii) the aggregate Commitments accepted as at 
the date of determination and (b) following the Final Admission Date, an amount equal to the 
aggregate Commitments. 
Indebtedness 
Hedging 
General Partners 
Share 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control, is 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to facilitate the closing of an investment in 
advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally expects such borrowings to be outstanding 
for less than 180 days. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control, is also 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to fund the payment of the Fund's 
expenses or the General Partner's Share in advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally 
expects to repay such borrowings from drawdowns or distributions from investments. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control. may also 
borrow on a long-term basis to create leveraged capital structures in portfolio investments 
with appropriate cash flow characteristics. The Fund will not borrow for such purpose 
amounts that in aggregate exceed 25% of the aggregate Commitments. 
The Fund may also make use of leverage in connection with hedging arrangements 
(including the use of FX forwards and swaps). 
Assets of the Fund may be posted as collateral against such borrowings including its 
investments, and by pledges of unfunded Commitments. Such borrowings may be incurred 
on a portfolio-wide basis or against specific securities and may be secured by drawdowns of 
Commitments. 
The Fund may engage in hedging transactions, such as hedging for currency, interest rate 
and equity market risks. Hedging techniques could involve a variety of derivative transactions. 
including transactions in forward contracts and swaps. 
The Fund will allocate to the General Partner and the Second GP a profit share (the -General 
Partner's Share'). Advances will be made against the General Partner's Share quarterly 
from drawdowns of the Limited Partners' unfunded Commitments or from other proceeds 
received by the Fund. 
For each Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund (as defined below)) and each investor in 
a Feeder Fund: 
(i) 
during the Investment Period. 1.25% per annum (reduced by the Applicable Points) of 
(a) the Commitment of such Limited Partner or (b)the commitment (or equivalent) of 
such Feeder Fund investor: 
(ii) 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1 00% per annum 
(reduced by the Applicable Points) of the aggregate, as of the end of the Investment 
Period, of such Limited Partner's or such Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down 
Commitment (or equivalent), that is, at the date of determination, invested in portfolio 
investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) that the Manager has 
reasonably reserved for portfolio investments (a Limited Partner's or an investor in a 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038869 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185053 
EFTA01354275

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354276.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Scotian 6: Summery of Terms end Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Feeder Fund's Invested Capital"), and 
(iii) 
for each successive year thereafter, until the last day of the term (including any 
extension thereof), the lesser of (a) 90% of the General Partner's Share attributable to 
each Limited Partner or such Feeder Fund investor, for the immediately preceding year 
(but not less than 0.25% of the Invested Capital of such Limited Partner), and (b) 1.25% 
per annum (as reduced by the Applicable Points) calculated with respect to each 
Limited Partner's pro rata share (based on the Invested Capital of the Fund's most 
recently reported net asset value). 
The General Partner's Share in respect of each Legacy Investor shall be equal to the general 
partner's share attributable to such Legacy Investor in respect of its commitment to SOF III. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Second GP will receive any General Partner's Share with 
respect to the Special Limited Partner. 
The General Partner's Share is subject to reduction as provided below in 'Transaction, Break 
Up and Other Fees.' 
'Applicable Points' means with respect to (a) a Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund) 
and its Commitment or (b) an investor in a Feeder Fund and its commitment (or equivalent) to 
such Feeder Fund: (i) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is less than US$50 million. zero 
basis points, (ii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$50 million or more but less than 
US$100 million, five basis points, (iii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$100 million 
or more but less than USS150 million, ten basis points, (iv) for a Commitment (or equivalent) 
that is US$150 million or more but less than US$200 million, 15 basis points, and (v) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$200 million or more, 20 basis points. 
'Legacy investor means (i) each Limited Partner that made a direct commitment to SOF III 
and makes a Commitment (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the First Closing or (ii), at the 
discretion of the Manager, a Limited Partner that made a direct commitment to SOF III and 
makes a Commitment to the Fund (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the Closing 
immediately following the First Closing, provided that such following Closing occurs on or 
before 31 May 2018. 
Distributions 
Net proceeds attributable to the disposition of a portfolio investment, distributions in kind of 
securities, and any dividends, interest or other income received with respect to a portfolio 
investment will be distributed to all Partners participating in such portfolio investment and 
other income received by the Fund will be distributed to all Partners. Each Partner's 
proportionate share thereof generally will be distributed as follows: 
(i) 
First, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such Partner equal the 
sum of the Advances of such Partner as of that time: 
(ii) 
Second, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such Partner are 
sufficient to provide such Partner with an 8% annualized effective internal rate of return 
on the Advances of such Partner; 
(iii) Third. 100% to the special limited partner of the Fund (the 'Special Limited Partner') 
until the Special Limited Partner has received, in respect of such Partner. 12.5% of the 
excess of (i) the cumulative distributions made to such Partner and to the Special 
Limited Partner in respect of such Partner over 90 the Advances of such Partner; and 
(iv) Thereafter, 87.5% to such Partner and 12.5% to the Special Limited Partner. 
'Carded Interest' means the amounts distributed to the Special Limited Partner pursuant to 
clauses (iii) and (iv) above. 
Distributions prior to the dissolution of  the Fund will be made in cash or marketable securities. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038870 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185054 
EFTA01354276

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354277.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Upon dissolution of the Fund, distributions may also include restricted securities or other 
assets of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Fund may make tax distributions to the Partners in respect 
of gain and other income from portfolio investments in accordance with the manner in which 
such gain and other income is allocated to the Partners. 
Distributions to the General Partner and the Special Limited Partner will not be subject to 
Carried Interest.
Special Limited 
Partner Clawback 
Organizational 
Expenses 
Operating and 
Other Expenses 
Transaction, Break•Up 
and Other Fees 
Fund Advisory 
Committee 
Upon termination of the Fund, the Special Limited Partner will be required to return to the 
Fund distributions of Carried Interest previously received to the extent that they exceed the 
amounts that should have been distributed to the Special Limited Partner as Carried Interest 
(as described in "Distributions' above) applied on an aggregate basis covering all 
transactions of the Fund. In no event, however, will the Special Limited Partner be required 
to return more than the cumulative Carried Interest distributions received by the Special 
limited Partner, net of amounts in respect of taxes thereon. 
The Fund will bear all legal and other expenses incurred in the formation of the Fund and the 
offering of the Interests therein (other than any placement fees), up to an aggregate amount 
not to exceed USS2.500.000. plus amounts in respect of applicable value added tax. 
Organizational expenses in excess of this amount, and any placement fees. will be paid by 
the Fund but borne by the General Partner through a 100% offset against the General 
Partner's Share. 
Each of the Manager, the General Partner and the Second GP will pay all normal operating 
expenses incidental to the provision of its day-today services to the Fund. including its own 
overheads. The Fund will pay all costs, expenses and liabilities in connection with its 
operations, including: fees, costs and expenses of third parties, including without limitation 
tax advisors and counsel, related to the purchase. structuring, holding and sale of portfolio 
investments (to the extent not reimbursed): expenses incurred in connection with transactions 
not consummated; insurance premiums; taxes; fees and expenses of accountants, counsel. 
administrators. depositaries, appraisers and consultants, including tax filings and accounts; 
costs and expenses of the Fund Advisory Committee and the annual meeting: litigation 
expenses and other extraordinary expenses. 
Any costs incurred in relation to transactions which are not completed will be borne by the 
Fund. The Manager may in its sole discretion structure a co-investment opportunity such that 
the proposed participants in such co-investment opportunity do not bear any broken deal 
expenses, with the result that the Fund will bear all such broken deal expenses: provided, if 
so structured, such participants will not be entitled to receive any break-up or similar fee 
income, if any, that may be earned with respect to such transaction. 
In connection with any portfolio investment, the Manager and its affiliates may charge 
portfolio companies directors' fees, transaction fees, monitoring fees. advisory fees, break-up 
tees and other similar investment-related fees for services provided by the members of the 
secondary investment team of the Manager. 100% of all such fees, net of any related 
expenses, amounts in respect of VAT or unreimbursed expenses incurred by the Manager or 
its affiliates in connection with unconsummated transactions, will be applied to reduce the 
General Partner's Share otherwise payable. All such fees will be allocated among the Fund 
and any related co-investing entities on the basis of capital committed by each to the relevant 
investment. General Partner's Share reductions will be carried forward if necessary. 
The Fund will establish an advisory committee consisting of at least three voting members 
appointed by the Manager (the 'Fund Advisory Committee"). Each voting member of the 
Fund Advisory Committee shall be a representative of a Limited Partner or an investor in any 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038871 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185055 
EFTA01354277

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354278.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summery of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund (other than any Limited Partner or investor affiliated with the 
General Partner. the Second GP or the Manager). Feeder Funds and Parallel Funds will not 
have separate advisory committees. The Manager shall have the right to appoint one or 
more representatives of the Manager to serve as non-voting members, and as the chairman, 
of the Fund Advisory Committee. The Fund Advisory Committee will meet at least annually 
following the Final Admission Date, or before the Final Admission Date at the discretion of the 
Manager, and as required to consult with the Manager as to potential conflicts of interest and 
certain other matters. The Fund will reimburse the Fund Advisory Committee members for 
their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. 
Successor Funds 
Without the consent of 6634% in interest of the Limited Partners, none of the General Partner, 
the Second GP. Glendower Capital. LLP or any affiliate of Glendower Capital. LLP will close 
another multiple third party investor fund having a substantially similar investment objective 
and strategy as the Fund until the earlier of: 
Allocation of 
Investment 
Opportunities 
Transfers and 
Withdrawals 
Reporting, Valuations 
and Annual Meeting 
Disclosure of changes 
to the leverage 
provisions 
(i) the date when 75% of aggregate Commitments have been invested. committed or 
reserved for investment or allocated or reserved to meet the obligations of the Fund; 
(ii) the end of the Investment Period; or 
(iii) the termination of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Glendower Capital, LLP or any of its Affiliates may, at any 
time, close other multiple third party investor funds with investment objectives and strategies 
that overlap with the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to 
specific asset categories or strategies (each, a "Complementary Fund). 
Subject to the 'Successor Funds' restrictions described above, the Manager and its affiliates 
may sponsor or advise various investment vehicles, including Complementary Funds, and 
separate accounts (together with the Fund, the "Investment Platforms"), some of which may 
have overlapping investment strategies and investment committee members with those of the 
Fund. The Manager will allocate investment opportunities among the Investment Platforms 
on an equitable basis in its good faith discretion and in accordance with its internal 
investment allocation guidelines. These are based on the applicable investment guidelines of 
such Investment Platforms, portfolio diversification requirements, regulatory requirements and 
other appropriate factors. 
Limited Partners generally may not sell, assign, transfer or pledge their Interests except as 
permitted by the Fund Partnership Agreement which will require. inter elle, the prior written 
consent of the Manager. Limited Partners generally may not withdraw from the Fund. 
Limited Partners will receive audited annual accounts (also comprising a Manager's report 
and such disclosures as are required by the AIFMD) prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP 
or International Financial Reporting Standards as well as unaudited quarterly financial 
statements (in respect of the second and third quarters of each fiscal year only) and 
unaudited quarterly capital accounts. 
Limited Partners will also receive such periodic 
disclosures as are required in accordance with the AIFMD (including changes to leverage. 
liquidity and risk management provisions). 
The Fund will hold annual meetings to provide Limited Partners with the opportunity to review 
and discuss with the Manager and its employees the Fund's investment activities and 
portfolio. 
Limited Partners will receive unaudited quarterly financial reports regarding the Fund which 
will include the amount of leverage that has been utilized by the Fund. 
Any amendments to the leverage provisions of the Fund will require an amendment to the 
Fund Partnership Agreement. See "Amendments to Fund Partnership Agreement" below for 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038872 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185058 
EFTA01354278

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354279.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
further details. 
Co-investment 
The Manager may offer co-investment opportunities to any Limited Partner in its sole 
discretion 
Alternative Vehicles 
Parallel Funds 
Feeder Funds 
Side Letters 
The Manager will have the right in connection with any investment to direct the Advances of 
some or all of the Limited Partners to be made through one or more alternative investment 
vehicles (each, an "Alternative Vehicle' if. in the judgment of the Manager, the use of such 
vehicle or vehicles represents an appropriate structure for the Fund and would facilitate 
participation in certain types of investments. Any Altemathre Vehicle generally will be 
governed by terms and conditions substantially similar to those of the Fund (except as may 
be advisable because of such legal, regulatory or tax constraints) and will be managed by the 
General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof The profits and losses of an Alternative 
Vehicle generally will be aggregated with those of the Fund for purposes of determining 
distributions by the Fund and such Alternative Vehicle, unless the General Partner or the 
Manager elects otherwise in its sole discretion based on a determination that such 
aggregation could increase the risk of any adverse tax or other consequences. 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more parallel funds (each a 
'Parallel Fund") to accommodate the investment requirements of certain investors. My 
Parallel Fund documentation will contain terms and conditions substantially similar to those of 
the Fund and will be managed by the General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof. 
Any Parallel Fund will be responsible for its pro rata share of expenses. 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more feeder funds which will 
invest in the Fund or a Parallel Fund (each, a "Feeder Fund") to accommodate the 
investment requirements of certain investors. In certain respects, investors in a Feeder Fund 
will be treated as having invested directly in the Fund or the relevant Parallel Fund, as the 
case may be. 
The General Partner or the Manager, without any further act, approval or vote of any Partner, 
may enter into side letters or other written agreements with one or more Limited Partners 
which have the effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example. reducing the 
General Partner's Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement (each, a 'Side Letter"). A Side 
Letter may include additional rights that are, or alter or supplement the terms of the Fund 
Partnership Agreement in a manner that is, more favorable to the recipient than those offered 
to any other Limited Partner, including with respect to (i) economic arrangements (including 
alternative fee or other compensation arrangements), (ii) opting out of particular investments. 
(iii) reporting obligations of the Fund. (iv) transfer to affiliates. (v) co-investment opportunities. 
(vi) withdrawal events. (vii) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership Agreement 
amendments, (viii) indemnification arrangements, (ix) dispute resolution processes, or (x) any 
other matters described therein. If a Side Letter is entered into entitling a Limited Partner to 
opt out of a particular investment or withdraw from the Fund, any election to opt out or 
withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase each other Limited Partner's pro rata interest 
in that particular investment (in the case of an opt-out) or all future investments (in the case of 
a withdrawal), which may have an adverse effect on such Limited Partner's investment 
results. 
Any additional rights established, or any terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or 
supplemented, in a Side Letter with a Limited Partner will govern solely with respect to such 
Limited Partner (but not any of such Limited Partner's assignees or transferees unless so 
specified in such side letter or otherwise agreed by the Manager) notwithstanding any other 
provision of the Fund Partnership Agreement. My additional rights established, or any terms 
of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or supplemented, in a Side Letter with a Limited 
Partner may generally be elected by any other Limited Partner having a Commitment equal to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038873 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185057 
EFTA01354279

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354280.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
or greater than the Commitment of the Limited Partner to which such Side Letter was 
provided. Such election, however, will only be made after the Final Admission Date. 
Indemnification 
For Cause Removal of 
the General Partner 
No Fault Removal of 
the General Partner 
Amendments to Fund 
Partnership 
Agreement 
Default 
Term 
None of the General Partner, the Manager, the Second GP, their respective affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory Committee members or the directors, officers, partners, members, employees 
or agents of any of them (each a 'Coveted Person") will be liable to the Fund or the Limited 
Partners for any good faith act or omission relating to the Fund. except for (I) any such act or 
omission constituting an uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
conviction of a felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negkgence. fraud, willful 
misconduct or reckless disregard of duties by such Covered Person, or (ii) any claim or 
proceeding commenced by a Limited Partner against the Manager for any misrepresentation 
in the Fund's marketing information (including information. advice. materials. documents and 
this Memorandum communicated by the Manager or a person on behalf of, and as approved 
by. the Manager, where such misrepresentation has had a direct material adverse impact on 
such Limited Partner, in each case as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
The Fund will indemnify each Covered Person against all claims, damages, liabilities, costs 
and expenses. including legal fees, to which such Covered Person may be or become subject 
by reason of their activities on behalf of the Fund, or otherwise relating to the Fund 
Partnership Agreement. except to the extent that such claims. damages, liabilities. costs or 
expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such 
person's own uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement, conviction of a 
felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negligence. fraud, willful misconduct or reckless 
disregard of duties. 
The General Partner may be removed by a majority in interest of the Limited Partners where 
it has been finally determined by a cowl of competent jurisdiction that the General Partner, 
the Manager or the Second GP has engaged in certain removal conduct. The Manager and 
Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General Partner. 
The General Partner may be removed at any time following the second anniversary of the 
Final Admission Date, with the written consent of 6634% in interest of the Limited Partners. 
The Manager and Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General 
Partner. 
The General Partner will, on the date of its removal, receive an amount equal to the General 
Partner's Share received by the General Partner in the eight calendar quarters immediately 
preceding the General Partner's removal. 
Subject to certain exceptions as more fully described in the Fund Partnership Agreement, the 
Fund Partnership Agreement (including the Fund's investment strategy or investment policy) 
may generally only be amended with the written consent of a majority in interest of the 
Limited Partners and the General Partner, provided that where such amendment would 
materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which discriminates against such 
Limited Partner vis•a•vis the other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited 
Partner, the consent of the affected Limited Partner will also be required. 
The General 
Partner will notify the Limited Partners within a reasonable period of time following any 
material amendments. 
A Limited Partner that defaults in respect of its obligation to make Advances or other 
contributions to the Fund will be subject to customary default provisions, including forfeiture of 
a substantial portion of its Interest, and payment of interest on the defaulted amount at a rate 
equal to the higher of (i) three-month USD LIBOR plus 2%. and (ii) 8%. 
The term of the Fund will be 7 years from the Final Admission Date, subject to the term being 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038874 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185058 
EFTA01354280

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354281.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
extended (i) by the Manager for up to three successive periods of one-year each, and 
(ii) thereafter, by the Manager. with the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee. for up to 
two additional successive periods of one-year each. 
Currency 
Tax Considerations 
ERISA Considerations 
Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of 
Into rest 
Special Counsel to the 
General Partner and 
the Manager 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
The Fund will be denominated in U.S. dollars. 
For UK tax purposes, the Fund should be treated as tax transparent and should not. 
therefore, be separately taxable. Each UK investor will be liable for tax on its own share of 
income. gain, losses. deductions and tax credits of the Fund. 
The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. Asa partnership, the Fund generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, 
and each Partner subject to U.S. tax will be required to include in computing its U.S. federal 
income tax liability its allocable share of the items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit 
of the Fund, regardless of whether and to what extent distributions are made by the Fund to 
such Partner. 
It is expected that annual U.S. federal tax information from portfolio 
investments will not be received in sufficient time to permit the Fund to incorporate such 
information into its annual U.S. federal tax information and to distribute such information to its 
investors prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due. As a result. 
investors will likely be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. federal, state and local 
income tax returns each year. 
The taxation of partners and partnerships is extremely complex. 
Prospective 
investors, In particular prospective non-U.S. and U.S. tax-exempt Investors, are 
strongly urged to consult their own tax advisers concerning the tax consequences In 
light of their particular circumstances of making an investment In the Fund. 
Investment in the Fund is generally open to institutions, including pension plans, subject to 
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"). The 
General Partner will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the affairs and operations of 
the Fund so as to limit investment in the Fund by "benefit plan investors" (within the meaning 
of Department of Labor regulations as modified by section 3(42) of ERISA) to less than 25% 
of each class of equity interests in the Fund. 
Each prospective investor subject to ERISA is urged to consult Its own advisers as to 
the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in the Fund. 
An investment in the Fund involves significant risks and potential conflicts of interest.
Each prospective investor should carefully consider and evaluate such risks and 
conflicts prior to purchasing an Interest. 
Debevoise Z. Plimpton LLP. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP is retained as English and U.S. counsel by the General Partner 
and the Manager in connection with the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted by law, it does 
not represent or owe any duty to any Limited Partner or the Limited Partners as a group in 
connection with such retention. 
Any of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, KPMG or Ernst & Young 
LLP 
The auditors will be retained by the General Partner in connection with the Fund. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, they do not represent or owe any duty to any Limited Partner 
or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with such retention. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185059 
DB-SDNY-0038875 
EFTA01354281

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354282.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354282.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited. an AIFMD-compliant depositary, will be appointed by 
the Fund prior to the First Closing. The First Closing will not occur prior to the date on which 
such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the Fund's depositary and 
fund administrator. 
Global Placement 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited. 
Agent 
Conridentral Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038876 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185060 
EFTA01354282

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354283.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038877 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185061 
EFTA01354283

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354284.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354284.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038878 
SDNY_GM_00185062 
EFTA01354284

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354285.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Risk Factors 
An investment in the Fund involves a substantial degree of risk and should be considered only by Investors whose 
financial resources are sufficient to enable them to assume such risk (and the possible loss of some or all of their 
investment) and who have no immediate need for liquidity in their investment. Investors should carefully evaluate the 
following risk factors associated with an investment in the Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as 
an indication of the performance of the Fund. Investors should make their own assessment of the risks and rewards of 
an investment in the Fund. 
Pail A - Risks Related to an Investment in Secondary Private Equity 
Pooled investments in secondaries 
In many cases, the Manager expects that the Fund will have the opportunity to acquire a portfolio of investment funds or 
direct investments from a seller on an "all or nothing" basis. Certain of the investment funds or direct investments in the 
portfolio may be less attractive than others, and certain of the sponsors of such investment funds (or in some cases, the 
controlling investors in the portfolio companies) may be more familiar to the Manager than others, or may be more 
experienced or highly regarded than others. In such cases, it may not be possible for the Fund to carve out from such 
purchases those investments which the Fund considers (for commercial, tax, legal or other reasons) to be less attractive. 
Complex nature of due diligence and valuation process for GP-led Secondaries 
In traditional secondaries investments, secondaries investors typically provide liquidity to primary investors in private 
equity funds. and secondaries investors are able to rely on conducting due diligence on financial statements and periodic 
company updates originated by a common investment manager. By contrast, because many portfolios of direct 
investments being targeted by the Fund may be collections of the private equity assets of a seller other than private 
equity funds managed by a common investment manager, many GP-led Secondaries may lack the benefit of financial 
statements and periodic company updates that would be originated by a common investment manager. This may affect 
the ability of the Fund to conduct fundamental due diligence on the portfolio companies comprising such investment 
portfolios. 
Termination of the Fund's interest in an underlying fund 
The general partner or manager of an underlying fund may. among other things, terminate the Fund's interest in such 
underlying fund if the Fund fails to satisfy any capital car by that underlying fund or if the general partner or manager of 
that underlying fund determines that the continued participation of the Fund in the underlying fund would have a material 
adverse effect on the underlying fund or its assets. The Fund may tail to meet a capital call if an Investor fails to honor a 
capital call by the Fund and such shortfall cannot be made up by the other Investors, a new investor, a borrowing, the 
Manager or otherwise. 
Reliance on management of portfolio companies 
While it is the intent of the Fund to invest in underlying funds with proven investment fund managers and companies with 
proven operating management in place, there can be no assurance that such management will continue to operate 
successfully. Although the Fund will monitor the performance of each underlying fund and investment, it will rely upon 
management to operate the underlying funds and portfolio companies on a day-to-day basis. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038879 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185083 
EFTA01354285

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354286.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Leverage 
The leveraged capital structure of some vintage funds and portfolio companies in which the Fred may directly or 
indirectly invest will increase the exposure of such investments to adverse financial or economic conditions such as 
significantly rising interest rates, severe economic downturns or deterioration in the condition of the investment or its 
corresponding market. Under such conditions, the value of the Fund's direct or indirect investment in a portfolio company 
could be significantly reduced or even eliminated. There may be a substantial amount of indebtedness in connection with 
such portfolio company investments. Global financial markets have experienced a variety of difficulties and changed 
economic conditions in recent years. These developments and new developments, if they occur, could have a significant 
effect upon the availability and terms of financing, as well as the purchase and sale price of assets, and accordingly. 
could adversely affect the Fund's or an underlying fund's ability to make or dispose of investments. the type of 
investments that may be made and the returns received with respect to such investments. 
Investments in troubled and leveraged companies 
The Fund may invest indirectly, through the underlying funds, in securities of financially troubled companies and 
securities of highly leveraged companies. While these investments are likely to be particularly risky. they also may offer 
the potential for correspondingly high returns. Under certain circumstances, payments to the mderlying funds and 
distributions by the underlying funds to their investors, including to the Fund, may be reclaimed on bankruptcy or 
insolvency if any such payment is later determined to have been a preferential payment.
Venture capital investments 
The Fund may invest in interests in limited partnerships devoted to early stage venture capital investments. which is a 
segment of the venture capital business with the highest degree of investment risk. Typically, the portfolio companies in 
which such limited partnerships invest have no operating history, unproven technology, untested management and 
unknown future capital requirements. 
These companies often face intense competition, often from established 
companies with much greater financial, manufacturing and technical resources, more marketing and service capabilities, 
and a greater number of qualified persomel. To the extent there is a public market for the securities of these companies, 
they may be subject to abrupt and erratic market price movements. The indirect investments by the Fund in limited 
partnerships focused on investments of this type will be highly speculative and may result in the loss of the Fund's entire 
capital contributions in respect of such investments. There can be no assurance that any such losses will be offset by 
gains (it any) realized in other portfolio companies of the Fund. 
Valuation 
Market events and valuation issues may impact the Fund and the underlying funds. The valuation methodology and 
timing may vary between the investments made by the Fund and therefore impact the valuation analysis of the Fund.
Lack of liquidity of the Fund's investments 
The return of capital on investments and the realization of gains, if any, will generally occur only upon the partial or 
complete disposition of an investment. Investments will generally be highly illiquid compared to other asset classes. and 
it is unlikely that there will be a public market for most of the investments made. 
No established market for secondaries investments 
There is no established market for secondaries investments and although there has been an increasing volume of sales 
of secondaries investments, no liquid market is expected to develop for secondaries. 
Moreover, the market for 
secondaries has been evolving and is likely to continue to evolve. The Manager expects that the Fund may acquire 
interests in investment funds and direct private equity investments in portfolio companies on an opportunistic basis from 
existing investors in such funds (and not from the issuers of such interests) and from existing holders of direct 
investments (and not from the portfolio companies directly). There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038880 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185064 
EFTA01354286

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354287.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354287.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
identity sufficient secondaries investment opportunities or that it will be able to acquire sufficient secondaries investments 
on attractive terms. 
Risks of investing on a secondary basis in real estate and real estate-related assets 
Secondary investments in investment funds that invest in real estate and real estate•related assets are subject to various 
risks. including adverse changes in national or international economic conditions, adverse local market conditions, the 
financial conditions of tenants, buyers and sellers of properties, changes in the availability or terms of financing. changes 
in interest rates, exchange rates. real estate tax rates and other operating expenses. environmental laws and 
regulations, zoning laws and other governmental rules and fiscal policies, energy prices, changes in the relative 
popularity of certain property types or the availability of purchasers to acquire properties. risks due to dependence on 
cash flow, risks and operating problems arising out of the presence of certain construction materials, as well as acts of 
God, uninsurable losses, war, terrorism, earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes or floods and other factors which are 
beyond the control of an investor. 
Multiple levels of expense 
The Fund and the underlying private equity funds in which it invests impose management and/or administrative costs. 
expenses and performance allocations. This will result in greater expense to the Investors than if such costs, expenses 
and allocations were not charged by the Fund and Investors were able to invest directly in the underlying private equity 
funds in which the Fund invests or the portfolio companies of those underlying funds. 
Contingent liabilities associated with investment fund interests acquired in secondary 
transactions 
Where the Fund acquires an interest in an investment fund in a secondanes transaction. such Fund may acquire 
contingent liabilities of the seller of the interest. More specifically, where the seller has received distributions from the 
relevant private equity fund and, subsequently, that private equity fund recalls one or more of these distributions, the 
Fund (as the purchaser of the interest to which such distributions are attributable and not the seller) may be obliged to 
return monies equivalent to such distributions to the private equity fund. While the Fund may. in turn, make a claim 
against the seller for any such monies so paid to the private equity fund, there can be no assurances that the Fund would 
prevail on such claim. 
Underlying funds invest independently 
The underlying funds in which the Fund will invest generally invest wholly independently of one another and may at times 
hold economically offsetting positions. To the extent that such underlying funds hold such positions, considered as a 
whale they may not achieve any gain of loss despite incurring fees and expenses in connection with such positions. In 
addition, a manager of such an underlying fund may be compensated based on the performance of its investments. 
Accordingly, there may often be times when a particular manager may receive incentive compensation in respect of its 
investments for a period even though the overall value of such underlying funds depreciated during such period. 
Investors will not have any direct interest in a portfolio investment 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a direct or indirect offering of interests in portfolio investments. Investors 
will not be limited partners in the underlying funds in which the Fund will invest, will have no direct interest in such 
underlying funds and will have no voting rights in, or standing or recourse against, any such funds. Moreover, none of 
the Investors will have the right to participate in the control, management or operations of any such underlying fund or 
have any discretion over the management of any such underlying fund by reason of their investment in the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038881 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185065 
EFTA01354287

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354288.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Limited ability to negotiate secondary transaction terms 
Where the Fund makes an investment on a secondary basis, the Fund will generally not have the ability to negotiate the 
amendments to the constitutional documents of an underlying fund, enter into side letters or otherwise negotiate the legal 
or economic terms of the interest in the underlying fund being acquired. 
Investments longer than term 
The Fund may make investments that may not be exited or realized in full prior to the date that the Fund will be 
liquidated, either by expiration of the Funds term or otherwise. Although the Manager expects that target investments 
will be disposed of or otherwise realized prior to liquidation, the Fund may have to sell, distribute, or otherwise dispose of 
investments at a disadvantageous time as a result of its liquidation. 
Part B - Risks Related to an Investment in the Fund 
Nature of Fund investments 
An investment in the Fund requires a long-term commitment, with no certainty of return or of an Investor receiving any 
distributions from the Fund. There most likely will be little or no near-term cash flow available to Investors. Many of the 
Fund's investments will be highly illiquid. and there can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to realize such 
investments in a timely manner. Consequently, dispositions of such investments may require a lengthy time period or 
may result in distributions in kind to the Investors. Additionally, the Fund will typically acquire securities that cannot be 
sold except pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act or in a private placement or other 
transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act and that complies with any applicable non-U.S. securities 
laws. The securities in which the Fund will directly or indirectly invest generally will be the most junior in what typically 
will be a complex capital structure, and thus subject to the greatest risk of loss. Certain of the Fund's investments may 
be in businesses with little or no operating history. Since the Fund may only make a limited number of investments, and 
since the Fund's investments generally will involve a high degree of risk, poor performance by a few of the investments 
could severely affect the total returns to the Limited Partners. The performance of portfolio investments of the SOF 
Funds is not necessarily indicative of the results that will be achieved by the Fund. 
Restrictions on transfer and withdrawal 
An investment in the Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors who have the financial resources necessary to 
withstand the risk of a potential loss of their entire investment. There is no public market for the Interests, and none is 
expected to develop. The Fund Documents contain restrictions on the transferability of the Interests and the withdrawal 
of Investors. The Interests are not transferable except with the consent of the General Partner or the Manager, which 
may be withheld in their absolute discretion, and are subject to the terms and conditions of the Fund Documents. 
Investors may not withdraw capital from the Fund. Consequently. Investors should not expect to be able to liquidate their 
investments prior to the end of the Fund's term. 
Performance risk 
The performance of the Fund may not meet the Fund's target return. None of the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, 
the General Partner or the Second GP guarantees any level of return to Investors or the repayment of capital from the 
Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as an indication of the future performance of the Fund. The 
Fund will make investments based on estimates or projections of internal rates of return and current returns, which in 
turn will be based on, among other considerations, assumptions regarding the performance of the Fund assets, the 
amount and terms of available financing and the manner and timing of dispositions. including possible asset recovery 
and remediation strategies, all of which are subject to significant uncertainty. In addition, events or conditions which 
have not been anticipated may occur and may have a significant effect on the actual rate of return received on the 
Fund's investments. The assumptions made by the Manager may not prove to be valid, and may be based in part upon 
Confidential Private Placement Memotandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038882 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185088 
EFTA01354288

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354289.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
projections of future events which are difficult to predict and beyond the control of the Fund and the Manager. Investors 
have no assurance that actual internal rates of return and current returns will equal or exceed the projected rates of 
return or that any capital will be returned to them. 
Poor performance by a few of the Fund's investments could substantially affect the total return to Investors. The Fund 
may. directly or indirectly, invest in private equity businesses which are believed to be sound and offer good prospects 
for growth. Such businesses may have little or no operating history. There can be no assurance that any business in 
which the Fund invests will perform to expectations. 
Losses borne exclusively by the Fund and its Partners 
The Manager and its affiliates will not be liable for any losses that the Fund may incur. Any such losses will be borne 
exclusively by the Fund and, in turn, by the Fund's Partners. 
Additional risk of loss as a result of the use of leverage 
The Fund may at any time, subject to the restrictions in the Fund Documents, borrow funds to make investments on a 
leveraged basis. The interest expense and other costs incurred in correction with such borrowing may not be recovered 
by income from investments purchased by the Fund. Gains realized with borrowed funds may cause the value of the 
portfolio held by the Fund to increase at a faster rate than would be the case without borrowings. If, however, investment 
results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the value of the portfolio held by the Fund could decrease faster than if there 
had been no such borrowings. Additionally, if the investments fail to perform to expectations, the interest of Investors in 
the Fund would be subordinated to such leverage, which would compound any such adverse consequences. Further, to 
the extent income received from investments is used to make interest and principal payments on the Fund's borrowings. 
Investors may be allocated income, and therefore tax liability, in excess of cash received by them in distributions. 
Investors will be aware that the stability of certain financial markets has deteriorated in recent years. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may affect the ability of the Manager to find and/or secure finance for suitable investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Drawdowns and use of subscription line facilities 
The Fund may fund the making of portfolio investments with proceeds from drawdowns under one or more revolving 
credit facilities (the collateral for which can be. for example, the undrawn capital commitments of Investors) prior to 
calling Commitments. Drawdowns, including those used to pay interest on subscription line facilities and other 
indebtedness, may from time to time be "batched' together into larger, less frequent capital calls or closings, with the 
Fund's interim capital needs being satisfied by the Fund borrowing money from such credit facilities. My such interim 
borrowings incurred are expected to be temporary and short•term in nature. The interest expense and other costs of any 
such borrowings will be fund expenses and. accordingly, decrease net multiples of the Fund. It is expected that interest 
will accrue on any such outstanding borrowings at a rate lower than the preferred return. which will begin accning when 
drawdowns to repay borrowings used to fund such portfolio investments or interim expenditures are actually made to the 
Fund. The use of borrowing in this manner may therefore have the effect of accelerating the Special Limited Partner's 
entitlement to carded interest by decreasing the amount of preferred return that is required to be distributed to Investors. 
In light of the foregoing, the Manager has an incentive to cause the Fund to borrow in this manner in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments. Ma general matter. use of borrowings in lieu of drawing down Commitments amplifies IRRs (either 
negative or positive) to Investors. 
Investment history 
Although the information herein and in other materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, none of the Fund, the Manager or their respective 
affiliates guarantee its accuracy, completeness or fairness. The performance data relating to the SOF Funds presented 
herein and in the materials provided in connection with the marketing of the Interests is as of June 30, 2017 (unless 
noted otherwise) and may no longer be representative of the current position. Such data has not been audited or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038883 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185067 
EFTA01354289

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354290.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
otherwise verified by any outside party and should not be construed as representative of the returns that may be 
achieved in the future. The return data does not reflect a composite and has not been presented in accordance with 
Association for Investment Management Research (AMR) standards. 
No assurance can be given that the past 
investments made by any of the SOF Funds would be suitable for the Fund. Past performance is not an indication of 
future results and no representation or warranty is made as to the returns which may be experienced by Investors. 
Availability of investments and competitive nature of the Fund's business 
The business of the Fund is highly competitive. The success of the Fund depends on the ability of the Manager to 
identify and select appropriate investment opportunities as well as the Fund's ability to acquire such investments in a 
competitive environment. The Fund will be competing for investment opportunities against other investors. including 
private equity funds and hedge funds. The availability of investments and/or the price of such investments will be affected 
by these competitors for such investments, many of which (i) have financial and strategic resources significantly in 
excess of those of the Fund. (id may make competing offers for investment opportunities that are identified by the Fund. 
and (iii) may be willing to offer terms more favorable than those offered by the Fund. Competition for investment 
opportunities may increase, thus reducing the number of opportunities available to the Fund and adversely affecting the 
terms upon which investments can be made. Consequently, the Manager may be unable to identify a sufficient number 
of investment opportunities for the Fund and the Fund may be unable to acquire investments on attractive terms. There 
is no guarantee that suitable investments will be or can be secured, or that they will be successful, or that they will meet 
the Fund's requirements in respect of diversity. There can be no assurance that the Manager will be able to identify and 
consummate a sufficient number of investments to permit the Fund either to invest all of its capital, to diversify its 
investments to the extent anticipated, or to meet the Fund's return objectives. Also, the Fund may incur bid costs on 
transactions that may not be successful, and consequently the Fund may not be able to recover such costs, which would 
adversely affect returns. No assurance is given that the Fund's investment objective will be achieved. 
Dependence on the Manager, key personnel and service providers 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-to-day operations of the Fund. including investment and disposition 
decisions. In order to safeguard their limited liability for the debts and obligations of the Fund. Investors must rely 
entirely on the General Partner, and by virtue of the relevant agreements. the Manager, and their respective personnel to 
supervise. conduct and manage the affairs of the Fund. 
The success of the Fund depends in substantial part on the skill and expertise of the Key Persons and other investment 
executives of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser. There can be no assurance that such persons will continue to be 
associated with the Manager or the U.S. Adviser (as the case may be) throughout the life of the Fund. The loss of the 
skill and expertise of such persons could have a material adverse effect on the Fund. In addition, Investors should be 
aware that the Manager and certain personnel of the Manager (including the Key Persons) will continue to devote such 
time and attention to the management of the SOF Funds as is required to discharge their duties relating to the ongoing 
activities of the SOF Finds. 
The Fund is reliant on the performance of its depositary for its successful operation. and may be materially affected by a 
failure in the depositary's performance. 
Lack of operating history 
Although members of the Manager's investment team have had extensive experience investing in the private equity 
sector, the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Second GP are newly formed entities with 
no operating history upon which to evaluate the Fund's likely performance. Investors must rely upon the Manager to 
identify, structure and implement investments consistent with the Fund's investment objectives and policies. 
Prior affiliation with Deutsche Bank 
As described in 'History in Section 1 Executive Summary of this Memorandum, not all members of the investment and 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038884 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185088 
EFTA01354290

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354291.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
operations teams that were involved in the management of the SOF Funds at Deutsche Bank have joined the Manager 
and the U.S. Adviser. Accordingly, in evaluating the past performance of the SOF Funds, prospective investors should 
note that the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser were formally part of Deutsche Bank, a large 
institution. and. in connection with the investments comprising the track record of the SOF Funds, such persons 
functioned as part of a larger group within Deutsche Bank and the success or otherwise of the SOF Funds should not be 
solely attributed to the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser. 
Liquidity risk 
The Fund's investments are typically expected to be highly illiquid investments that are not listed on a stock exchange or 
for which there may only be a limited number of potential buyers. Political and regulatory considerations (including 
limitations on ownership and approval rights) could also affect the ability of the Fund to buy or sell investments on 
favorable terms. As a result, there can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to realize cash from such investments 
in a timely manner, and dispositions of such investments may require a lengthy time period or may result in distributions 
in kind to Investors. Moreover, the realizable value of a highly ikigtid investment may be less than its intrinsic value or 
the valuation assigned to it by the Fund. 
Distributions in kind 
Although, under normal circumstances, it is intended that the Fund will make distributions in cash, it is possible that upon 
the liquidation of the Fund and in certain other circumstances as set out in the Fund Documents distributions may be 
made in kind (or in specie) and could consist of securities for which there is not a readily available public market. 
securities that are subject to legal and contractual transfer restrictions or securities of entities unable to make 
distributions. 
Investor risk 
Investors will be obliged to meet drawdown notices promptly, and fadure to do so may subject an Investor to severe 
consequences as set out in the Fund Documents, including without limitation forfeiture of its Interest. Should an Investor 
fail to provide the money drawn down from it promptly, the Fund may be unable to consummate the investment for which 
the money was to be provided or may be unable to meet other obligations when due. As a result. the Fund may be 
subjected to significant penalties (which could materially and adversely affect the returns to Investors) and money 
provided by the other Investors may be returned to them without having been invested and will be subject to recall. If a 
defaulting Investor's Interest is forfeited, the total Commitments may be reduced, which will limit both the number of 
investments the Fund can still make, and the diversity of its investments including those that it has already made. 
Further, in the event that an Investor fails to comply with its obligations under the Fund Partnership Agreement to provide 
certain information, and comply with certain procedures, to enable the Fund to comply with the recently enacted U.S. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act, such failure may subject an Investor to severe consequences as set out in 
the Fund Documents. 
Amounts and timings of payments to the Fund are uncertain 
Drawdowns may occur at any point, and for any amount (up to an Investors undrawn commitment to the Fund). during 
the life of the Fund, including after the termination of the Investment Period 
Risks associated with unspecified transactions 
There are risks and uncertainties to Investors with respect to the selection of investments. Investors will not have an 
opportunity to evaluate for themselves the relevant economic. financial and other information regarding the investments 
to be made by the Fund and. accordingly, will be dependent upon the judgment and ability of the Manager in sourcing 
suitable transactions and in investing and managing the assets of the Fund. No assurance can be given that the Fund 
will be successful in obtaining suitable investments at attractive prices or that it will be able to fully invest Commitments. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038885 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185089 
EFTA01354291

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354292.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Valuation risk 
The Fund will be relying upon the Manager for valuation of its investments. The Fund's investments in many cases will 
be difficult to value due to various factors, including the nature of private equity assets, the absence of readily 
ascertainable market values and comparables. and limited sources of useful valuation information. In addition, the 
valuation of an investment may not always be consistent with, and therefore may be higher than, the price at which the 
investment could be sold on any particular valuation date. Such valuations will be subject to inherent uncertainty, and 
will be made under a number of assumptions which may not ultimately be realized. There can be no assurance that the 
valuations will in fact represent the actual value of the investments or the amounts that could at such time or may 
ultimately be realized with respect to the investments. Valuation uncertainties may be compounded if there are problems 
with the economies of the markets in which the Fund operates. 
Absence of Investment Company Act protection 
The Fund is not required to, and will not. register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 
1940. as amended (the 'Investment Company Act), and, accordingly, the provisions of the Investment Company Act 
(which, among other things, require investment companies to have a majority of disinterested directors, require securities 
held in custody to at all times be individually segregated from the securities of any other person and marked to dearly 
identify such securities as the property of such investment company and regulate the relationship between the adviser 
and the investment company) are not applicable. 
Tax risks 
The Fund ardlor the Investors could become subject to additional or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which the 
Fund operates or invests. In addition, withholding taxes and other local source taxes may be imposed on the Fund's 
earnings. These taxes may not be creditable or deductible by the Fund or its subsidiaries or the Investors. While it is 
intended that the activities of the Fund. the General Partner, the Second GP. the Manager and their respective offices 
should not create a permanent establishment or other form of taxable presence of the Fund or any of its subsidiaries in 
any jurisdiction in which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries, or the General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager or any 
of their respective offices, operates or invests. there is a risk that the relevant tax authorities in one or more of such 
jurisdictions could take a contrary view. If for any reason the Fund or any of its subsidiaries is held to have a permanent 
establishment or other such presence in any such jurisdiction, the Fund or such subsidiary could be subject to significant 
taxation in such jurisdiction. 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD) together with the G20 countries has 
committed to reduce perceived abusive global tax avoidance, referred to as base erosion and profit shifting (-REPS"). As 
part of this commitment, an action plan has been developed to address BEPS with the aim of securing revenue by 
realigning taxation with economic activities and value creation by creating a single set of consensus based international 
tax rules. As part of the REPS project ft is anticipated that new rules dealing with the operation of double tax treaties, the 
definition of permanent establishments and how hybrid instruments are taxed will be introduced. 
Depending on if and how these proposals are implemented, they may have a material impact on how returns to Investors 
are taxed. Such implementation may also give rise to additional reporting and disclosure obligations for Investors. Some 
OECD countries, including the UK, have begun the process of implementing the BEPS proposals. 
In addition to national implementation of BEPS. the European Council has adopted Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives that 
address many of the same issues. The measures included in the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives are required to be 
implemented into the national law of each EU Member State, to take effect from no later than either January 1. 2019, 
January 1. 2020 or January 1, 2022 depending on the provision and the Member State. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038886 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185070 
EFTA01354292

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354293.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Global taxes 
The Manager may make certain decisions to maximize pre-tax returns that result in tax-exempt Investors incurring 
greater tax costs than might otherwise be the case. For example, in some cases, the Manager may forego certain 
actions with regard to acquisition, financing, management and disposition of investments that would reduce taxes 
because such actions would reduce overall pre-tax returns to all the Investors. 
Investments and holding structures will be considered on their merits by the Manager but without regard to the taxation, 
legal or other circumstances of the Investors. 
Change in tax law 
There may be changes in the tax laws or interpretations of tax laws in jurisdictions in which the Fund or any of its 
subsidiaries operates, is managed, is advised, is promoted or invests, or in which Investors are resident, that are adverse 
to the Fund. its subsidiaries, or the Investors. Changes to taxation treaties or interpretations of taxation treaties between 
one or more such jurisdictions and the countries through which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries holds investments or in 
which an Investor is resident may adversely affect the Fund's ability to efficiently realize income or capital gains. 
Consequently, it is possible that the Fund or its subsidiaries may face unfavorable tax treatment in such jurisdictions that 
may materially adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Tax treatment 
There can be no assurance that the structure of the Fund or of any investments will be tax-efficient for any particular 
Investor Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. 
Phantom income 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will have sufficient cash flow to permit the Fund to make distributions to 
Investors in amounts necessary to enable them to pay all tax liabilities resulting from their ownership of Interests. See 
also Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Risks from changes in the taxation of carried interest 
The ability of the Manager to achieve the investment objectives of the Fund depends, to a substantial degree, on the 
ability of the Manager and its affiliates to retain and motivate its investment professionals and other key personnel, and to 
recruit talented new personnel. 
The ability of the Manager and its affiliates to recruit, retain and motivate their 
professionals is dependent on their ability to offer highly attractive incentive opportunities. Legislation has recently been 
enacted in the U.S. which treats certain capital gain income that is recognized by an investment partnership and 
allocable to a partner affiliated with the sponsor of the partnership (i.e., carried interest) as short-term capital gain 
generally taxed at ordinary rates to such partner for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It is currently unclear the impact 
this legislation will have on the Manager and its affiliates or any professionals of such organizations, however, it is 
possible this legislation (or if additional similar legislation were enacted, such other legislation) would materially increase 
their tax liability with respect to their entitlement to carried interest. This may adversely affect the Manager's and its 
affiliates' ability to attract and retain certain investment professionals. which may have an adverse effect on their ability to 
achieve the investment objectives of the Fund. 
Corporate offense of failure to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion 
The UK Criminal Finances Act 2017 introduced, with effect from September 30. 2017, a corporate offence of failure to 
prevent the criminal facilitation of tax evasion. The offence can be committed by bodies corporate and partnerships, 
wherever incorporated or formed and could therefore impact the Fund and its investments. The offence is committed 
when an associated person of the body corporate or partnership commits criminal facilitation of tax evasion when acting 
in the capacity of an associated person. The offense is wide in scope and catches facilitation of foreign tax evasion as 
Confidential Pre rate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038887 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185071 
EFTA01354293

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354294.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
well as UK tax evasion. It is a complete defense if the body corporate or partnership has reasonable procedures in place 
designed to prevent persons associated with it from committing tax evasion facilitation offences. 
The Manager intends to (i) implement reasonable procedures to prevent associated persons from committing criminal 
facilitation of tax evasion, and (n) consider the offence in respect of the Fund's investments. It is nevertheless possible 
that an English court would not find these procedures reasonable and the Manager could be found guilty of this criminal 
offence and subject to unlimited financial penalties. 
Co-investment risks, counterparty risks and investments via other entities 
The Fund may make investments via other entities and in a joint venture, co-investment or partnership arrangement with 
other parties. This may involve alternative investment vehicles (where the Fund may cause the Investors to transfer a 
portion of their Commitments to such entities), partnerships, joint ventures, companies, trusts or other entities. Such 
arrangements may involve additional risks (such as the risk that the Manager will not be as familiar with the operation of 
such entities, or the risk of higher costs associated with their formation, structuring or operation, or relationships with 
co-venturers deteriorating) and the Fund's investment via such entities may be impacted by other parties if made on a 
joint venture, co-investment or partnership basis (e.g., where a co-venturer, co-investor or partner defaults on its funding 
obligations, or is in a position to take action contrary to the Fund's objectives due to having economic or business 
interests or goals that are not consistent with those of the Fund, or where the Fund is liable for actions of such 
co-venturer, co-investor or partner). Additionally, to the extent that a co-venturer, co-investor or partner operates a 
project. the Fund will bear the risk of actions or omissions by such co-venturer, co-investor or partner. While the 
Manager will seek to limit the extent to which such factors can affect the Fund, such actions or omissions may not be 
sufficient to protect the Fund from loss. There is a risk that co-venturers, co-investors, partners or counterparties may 
default on their contractual obligations to the Fund or the Fund's investments. My such default would likely have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Fund's investments and on the returns to Investors. In addition, the Fund may co-
invest with other parties through partnerships. joint ventures or other entities. Under such circumstances. there is the 
possibility that the entity in which the Fund's investment is made or such co-investor may have economic or business 
interests or goals that are not entirely consistent with those of the Fund. In addition, the Fund may, in certain 
circumstances, be liable for actions of its co-investors. 
Dilution from subsequent closings 
Investors subscribing for Interests after the First Closing will participate in existing investments of the Fuld, diluting the 
interest of existing Investors therein. 
Although such Investors will contribute their pro rata share of prior Fund 
drawdowns (plus interest), there can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Indemnification 
The Fund will indemnify. and hold harmless. the General Partner. the Second GP. the Manager, the U.S. Adviser and 
each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund; each of the current and 
former officers. directors, employees, managers. agents of any of the General Partner, the Second GP. the Manager, the 
U.S. Adviser and each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund: each 
person serving, or who has served, as a member of the Fund Advisory Committee (and, with respect to claims or 
damages arising out of or relating to such service only, the Investor that such person represents and each of such 
Investor's officers, directors, employees, partners, members, managers, agents and other representatives), and any 
other third party designated by the General Partner as a covered person who serves at the request of the General 
Partner or the Manager directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund from and against any liabilities. actions, proceedings. 
claims, costs, demands and expenses to which they may become subject by reason of their activities on behalf of the 
Fund. unless such liabilities. actions. proceedings, claims. costs, demands and expenses result from certain conduct of 
such indemnified person as specified in the Fund Partnership Agreement. Indemnification of these indemnified persons 
may impair the financial condition of the Fund and its ability to acquire investments or otherwise achieve its investment 
objective or meet its obligations. Furthermore, the Investors may be required to return certain distributions for the 
purpose of satisfying any claim under such indemnity, subject to certain limitations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038888 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185072 
EFTA01354294

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354295.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Short-term investments 
Amounts drawn down from Investors will be invested by the Fund in short-term instnrnents pending investment in 
secondaries transactions. During such interim periods, these short-term investments may produce lower returns for 
Investors than the returns earned by direct investors in the underlying private equity funds in which the Fund invests (or 
by direct investors in portfolio companies) for the same period. 
Follow-on investments 
The Fund may be called upon to provide follow-up funding for portfolio companies or have the opportunity to increase its 
investment in such portfolio companies. There can be no assurance that the Manager will wish to make follow-on 
investments or that the Fund will have sufficient funds to do so. My decision by the Manager not to make follow-on 
investments or its inability to make them may have a substantial negative impact on a portfolio company in need of such 
an investment or may diminish the Fund's ability to influence the portfolio company's future development. 
Risks upon disposition of investments 
In connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company or otherwise, the Fund may be required to 
make representations about the business and financial affairs of the portfolio company typical of those made in 
connection with the sale of any business, or may be responsible for the contents of disclosure documents under 
applicable securities laws. 
The Fund may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment or 
underwriters to the extent that any such representations or disclosure documents turn out to be incorrect, inaccurate or 
misleading. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities, which might ultimately have to be funded by the 
Investors. The Fund Partnership Agreement contains provisions to the effect that if there is any such claim in respect of 
a portfolio company, it may be funded by the Investors to the extent that they have received distributions from the Fund. 
subject to certain limitations. 
Furthermore, the Investors may, under certain circumstances, be required to return certain distributions for the purpose 
of satisfying certain other obligations and liabilities of the Fund of which they are Investors. 
Recourse to all assets 
The assets of the Fund. including any investments made by the Fund, are available to satisfy all liabilities and other 
obligations of the Fund. If the Fund becomes subject to a liability, parties seeking to have the liability satisfied may have 
recourse to the Fund's assets generally and not be limited to any particular assets. such as the asset representing the 
investment giving rise to the liability. This may result in the Fund disposing of assets it holds in order to satisfy liabilities 
arising from other assets. 
Defaulting Investors are subject to the discretion of the Manager 
If an Investor fails to meet drawdown notices, the Manager may delay, suspend or forfeit such Investor's right to receive 
payments from the Fund or the return of Commitments to such defaulting Investor. 
Expedited transactions 
Investment analyses and decisions by the Manager may frequently be required to be undertaken on an expedited basis 
to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the information available to the Manager at the time of an 
investment decision may be limited, and the Manager may not have access to detailed information regarding the 
investment opportunity. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the Manager will have knowledge of all relevant 
circumstances that may adversely affect an investment. 
In addition, the Manager may rely upon independent 
consultants in connection with its evaluation of proposed investments; however, no assurance can be given that these 
consultants will accurately evaluate such investments. and the Fund may incur liability as a result of such consultants' 
actions. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038889 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185073 
EFTA01354295

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354296.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Emerging markets risk 
The Fund may hold interests in investments of the underlying funds in countries that are considered "emerging markets'. 
Investors should consider a number of risks associated with investments in emerging markets countries. For example. 
investments may be subject to changing political environments, regulatory restrictions, and changes in government 
institutions and policies, any of which could adversely affect private investments. In addition, changes in policy with 
regard to taxation, fiscal and monetary policies, repatriation of profits, and other economic regulations are possible, any 
of which could have an adverse effect on private investments. Laws and regulations in emerging markets, particularly 
those relating to foreign investment and taxation, may be subject to change or evolving interpretation. In addition, to the 
extent that the Fund indirectly holds assets in local currencies in countries outside the United States. the Fund will be 
exposed to a degree of currency risk that may adversely affect performance. In addition, investments may be made in 
countries where generally accepted accounting standards and practices differ significantly from those practiced in the 
United States, the United Kingdom and certain other European countries. The evaluation of potential investments and 
the ability to perform due diligence may be affected. The Fund and/or the Investors could become subject to additional 
or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which they have indirect investments. Changes to taxation treaties (or their 
interpretation) between the jurisdictions in which Investors are tax resident and the countries in which the Fund has direct 
or indirect investments may adversely affect their ability to efficiently realize income or capital gains. Moreover, certain of 
the transactions of underlying funds or their fund investments may be undertaken through local brokers, banks or other 
organizations outside the United States and the United Kingdom, and the underlying funds and their fund investments 
will be subject to the risk of default, insolvency or fraud of such organizations. The countries in which the Fund has 
indirect investments may control, in varying degrees. the repatriation of capital and profits that results from foreign 
investments. There can be no assurance that the underlying funds and their fund investments will be permitted to 
repatriate capital or profits, if any, over the life of their activities. 
No separate counsel 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP will act as special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner and may act as counsel to 
underlying private equity funds in which the Fund invests in connection with their organization, offering and ongoing 
investment activities. The Fund, the Manager and the General Partner have acknowledged and agreed that. in certain 
instances. Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. as counsel to an underlying private equity fund in which the Fund invests, may 
have to withdraw as counsel to the Manager and the General Partner if a conflict arises between the Fund and such 
underlying fund. In such an instance, the Fund would be required to retain additional counsel. Separate counsel has not 
been engaged to act on behalf of Investors in the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Debevoise & Plimpton 
LLP does not represent or owe any duty to any Investor or to the Investors as a group in connection with its role as 
special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner.
Diverse investor group 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for another Investor, especially with respect to 
Investors' particular tax situations. In selecting and structuring investments appropriate for the Find, the Manager will 
consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and its Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Sovereign status of certain investors 
Certain Investors may enjoy sovereign or other immunities and privileges under English or foreign law and may claim to 
be or insist on being restricted in their ability to submit to the jurisdiction of particular courts and tribunals, including those 
designated in the Fund Documents. These factors may make it substantialy more difficult for the Manager and the other 
parties to the Fund Documents to enforce the contractual obligations of such an Investor, including for example its 
obligations to comply with any drawdovm notice, which may have adverse consequences for the Fund and the other 
Investors. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038890 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185074 
EFTA01354296

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354297.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Side letters 
The General Partner or the Manager may enter into other written agreements with one or more Limited Partners which 
have the effect of establishing additional rights or alerting or supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement 
(each, a 'Side Letter). My such Side Letter may entitle a Limited Partner to make an investment in the Fund on terms 
other than those described herein, in the Fund Partnership Agreement and in the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests. My such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the Fund, (ii) transfers to 
affiliates. (iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events. (iv) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of fees, or (vi) any other matters, may be more favorable than those offered to any 
other Limited Partners. If the General Partner or the Manager enters into a Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to be 
excused from an investment of the Fund, other Investors may be required to increase their funded commitment by their 
pro rata share of the unfunded amount. 
Part C — General Risks 
General market risk 
General movements in local and international stock markets, prevailing economic conditions, investor sentiment and 
interest rates could all affect the market price of the listed securities of entities in which the Fund holds indirect interests. 
Investors will be aware that. in recent years. the stability of certain financial markets has significantly deteriorated. certain 
market participants are in financial distress. the availability of credit has significantly declined in certain markets and the 
value of financial assets has become more volatile and, in certain circumstances, has generally fallen. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Economic conditions 
General: The Fund's activities and results may be affected by a number of economic factors that are outside the control 
of the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Second GP. These factors include interest 
rates, inflation, deflation, general levels of economic activity, the price of securities and participation by other investors in 
the financial markets. There is no assurance that lenders will continue to provide financing at current or historic valuation 
levels to private equity. Instability in the securities, currency, commodity and other markets may also increase the risks 
inherent in the Fund's investments. 
Interest rates: Certain underlying investment assets of the Fund may be highly leveraged. Movements in the level of 
interest rates may affect the returns from these assets more significantly than investments in other types of assets. In 
particular, the type of debt, maturity profile, interest rates and covenants in place are among the factors which could 
affect the timing and magnitude of returns. 
Inflation and deflation. Inflation or deflation may affect the Fund's investments adversely in a number of ways. 
During periods of rising inflation, interest and dividend rates of any instruments in which the Fund has invested, or which 
investments or entities related to investments may have issued, could increase, which would tend to reduce returns to 
Investors. 
Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could also be accompanied by rising prices of 
commodities that are critical to the operation of certain assets (e.g., infrastructure) or to the return expected with respect 
to such assets. During periods of high inflation, capital tends to flee to other assets. such as (historically) gold, which 
may adversely affect the prices at which the Fund is able to sefl certain investments. Certain underlying investments 
may have fixed income streams and, therefore, there may be limited cash available for distribution. The market value of 
such investments may decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. Some of the Fund's underlying investments may 
have income linked to inflation through contractual rights or other means. However, as inflation may affect both income 
and expenses, any increase in income may not be sufficient to cover increases in expenses. 
During periods of deflation, the demand for the products and/or services provided by the businesses or assets in which 
the Fund may have indirectly invested could fall. reducing the revenues generated by, and so the value of. such 
investments and therefore reducing returns to Investors. Where the operating costs and expenses associated with any 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038891 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185075 
EFTA01354297

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354298.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
such investments do not fall by a corresponding amount, the rate of return to Investors could be further reduced. Periods 
of deflation are often characterized by a tightening of money supply and credit, which could limit the amounts available to 
the Fund with which to make and/or leverage investments. and so limit the number and size of investments that the Fund 
may make and affect the rate of return to Investors. Such economic constraints could also make certain assets in which 
the Fund may invest and related businesses more illiquid. preventing the Fund from divesting such assets efficiently and 
so reducing the return to Investors from such investments. Deflation may also make it more difficult for investments 
which are leveraged at the asset level to meet or service their debt obligations, due to reductions in revenues and 
increases in the size of the debt relative to the overall value of an investment. 
Currency risks 
Commitments will be denominated, and drawdowns and distributions made, in U.S. dollars but the Fund may make and 
realize investments in currencies other than U.S. dollars and. as a result, the value of investments may go up or down 
solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. The Fund will incur costs in connection with conversions 
between various currencies. The Manager will attempt to maximize U.S. dollar revenues and sales proceeds, and the 
Fund and its underlying investments may engage in hedging transactions to reduce currency risk. There can be no 
assurance. however, that such hedging transactions, if the Fund chooses to enter into them, will fully protect against the 
risk of currency fluctuations. Moreover, hedging transactions themselves may involve additional risks and result in 
transaction costs. Investors should be aware that if their reference currency is a currency other than U.S. dollars. their 
investment in the Fund may be adversely affected by any reduction in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to their 
reference currency. They may also incur the further transaction costs of converting U.S. dollars into another currency. 
Such Investors are strongly urged to consult their financial advisers with a view to determining whether they should enter 
into hedging transactions to offset these risks. 
Status of debt markets and availability of financing 
In recent years. disruptions in the debt markets have caused a significant decrease in the availability of financing, an 
increase in interest rates (despite decreases in base rates) and a tightening of lending and underwriting standards for 
investments in general. Such conditions may impair the Fund's ability to obtain financing or refinancing to fund the 
acquisition of investments, or such financing may be available to the Fund on less favorable terms. In addition, because 
purchasers of investments held directly or indirectly by the Fund typically require acquisition financing to fund a portion of 
the purchase price. these conditions may adversely affect the availability of favorable exit opportunities for such 
investments. This could have a serious adverse effect on the Fund's ability to implement its investment strategy and 
generate returns. The continuation or worsening of the disruptions in the debt markets could have an adverse impact on 
the availability of credit to businesses generally. Under the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act, and under other international bank regulatory frameworks, such as Basel III, banking organizations and 
other financial institutions are required to hold additional regulatory capital and to meet more stringent liquidity, leverage 
and other similar tests. The timing. scope and cumulative effect of these regulatory developments is not fully known, but 
they may result in lenders being less willing and able to extend credit to borrowers like the Fund and/or increased costs 
to lenders, which are passed on to borrowers such as the Fund. 
Legal, tax and regulatory risks of private funds 
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur that may adversely affect the Fund. The legal, tax and regulatory 
environment for funds that invest in alternative investments is evolving, and changes in the regulation and market 
perception of such funds. including changes to existing laws and regulations and increased criticism of the private equity 
and alternative asset industry by some politicians, regulators and market commentators, may adversely affect the ability 
of the Fund to pursue its investment strategy and the value of investments held by the Fund. In recent years, market 
disruptions and the dramatic increase in the capital allocated to alternative investment strategies have led to increased 
governmental as well as self-regulatory scrutiny of the alternative investment fund industry in general. Recently, there 
has been significant discussion regarding greater governmental scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private 
investment industry, as private equity and other private investment firms become more significant participants in the 
broad-based economy. It is in many cases uncertain what form such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the private 
equity industry ultimately may take and in what jurisdictions such measures may be implemented. Therefore. there can 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038892 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185078 
EFTA01354298

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354299.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
be no assurance as to whether any such regulatory scrutiny or initiatives will have an adverse impact on the private 
investment industry, including the ability of the Fund to achieve its objectives. It is impossible to predict what, if any, 
changes may be instituted with respect to the regulations applicable to the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Second GP and their respective affiliates, the markets in which they operate and invest or the 
couMerparties with which they do business, or what effect such legislation or regulations might have. There can be no 
assurance that the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, the Second GP and their respective 
affiliates will be able, for financial reasons or otherwise, to comply with future laws and regulations, and any regulations 
which restrict the ability of the Fund to implement its investment strategy. 
Brexit 
The UK has formally notified the European Council of its intention to leave the European Union CEIroxin. Under the 
process for leaving the European Union contemplated in article 50 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union. the UK will remain a member state until a withdrawal agreement is entered into, or failing that, two years following 
the notification of the intention to leave. The terms and precise timetable of withdrawal are unknown at this time. 
Furthermore, as a result of Brexit. other European countries may seek to conduct referenda with respect to their 
continuing membership with the European Union. Given these possibilities and others that are not anticipated, at this 
time, it is difficult to predict how the UK withdrawal from the European Union will be implemented and what the economic, 
tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory and other implications will be for the asset management industry, the broader European and 
global financial markets generally and for private funds such as the Fund and the Fund's investments. This uncertainty is 
likely to continue to impact the global economic climate and may impact opportunities, pricing, availability and cost of 
bank financing, regulation, values or exit opportunities of companies or assets based, doing business, or having service 
or other significant relationships in, the UK or the European Union, including companies or assets held or considered for 
prospective investment by the Fund. 
The future application of European Union-based legislation to the private fund industry in the UK and the European 
Union will ultimately depend on how the UK renegotiates its relationship with the European Union. There can be no 
assurance that any renegotiated terms or regulations will not have an adverse impact on the Fund and its investments, 
including the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objectives. Brexit may result in significant market dislocation. 
heightened counterparty risk, an adverse effect on the management of market risk and, in particular, asset and liability 
management due in pan to redenomination of financial assets and liabilities, and increased legal, regulatory or 
compliance burden for Investors, the Manager and/or the Fund, each of which may have a negative impact on the 
operations, financial condition, returns or prospects of the Fund. 
Brexit may also have an adverse effect on the tax treatment of the Fund and its investments. In particular, the European 
Union directives preventing withholding taxes being imposed on intra-group dividends, interest and royalties may no 
longer apply to payments made into and out of the UK. meaning that instead the UK's double tax treaty network would 
need to be relied upon. Further, there may be changes to the operation of VAT. 
While the most immediate impacts on corporate transactions will likely be related to changes in market conditions. the 
development of new regulatory regimes and parallel competition law enforcement may have an adverse impact on 
transactions. particularly those occurring in, or impacted by conditions in, the UK and Europe. 
Anti-money laundering compliance 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or government authority or 
where it is in the best interests of the Fund, in each case as a whole, to disclose information in respect of the identity of 
Investors. In addition, the General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or 
government authority to disclose certain information about the Fund and its arrangements with Investors, including 
disclosing the existence of, disclosing copies of, and reporting certain information about, any side letters or other 
arrangements that the Fund enters into with Investors that allow Investors to invest in the Fund under terms that vary 
from those applicable to other Investors. 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or government authority to 
suspend the account of an Investor or take other anti•money laundering steps. Where the General Partner, the Second 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038893 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185077 
EFTA01354299

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354300.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354300.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7 Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
GP or the Manager is required to take such action, the relevant Investor must indemnify the Fund against any loss 
suffered 
Risks related to electronic communications 
The Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's service providers may provide to each Investor statements. reports 
and other communications relating to the Fund and/or each such Investor's Interest in electronic form, such as email or 
via a password protected website (*Electronic Communications"). Electronic Communications may be modified, 
corrupted or contain viruses or malicious code, and may not be compatible with an Investor's electronic systems. In 
addition, reliance on Electronic Communications involves the risk of inaccessibility, power outages or slowdowns for a 
variety of reasons. These periods of inaccessibility may delay or prevent receipt of reports or other information by one or 
more of the Investors. 
Cybersecurity 
The Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Fund's service providers and other market participants 
increasingly depend on complex information technology and communications systems to conduct business functions.
These systems are subject to a number of different threats or risks that could adversely affect the Fund and/or the 
Investors, despite the efforts of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the service providers to adopt 
technologies, processes and practices intended to mitigate these risks and protect the security of their computer 
systems, software, networks and other technology assets, as well as the confidentiality, integrity and availability of 
information belonging to the Fund and the Investors. For example, unauthorized third parties may attempt to improperly 
access, modify, disrupt the operations of, or prevent access to, these systems of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Fund's service providers, counterparties or data within these systems. Third parties may also 
attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers. third-party service providers or other users of the Manager's 
systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to the Manager's data or that of the Investors. A 
successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the Manager's systems could result in the loss or theft of an 
Investor's data or funds, the inability to access electronic systems, loss or theft of proprietary information or corporate 
data, physical damage to a computer or network system or costs associated with system repairs. Such incidents could 
cause the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, the Fund or their respective service providers to incur 
regulatory penalties, reputations' damage, additional compliance costs or financial loss. 
Pay-to-play laws, regulations and policies 
A number of U.S., state and municipal pension plans have adopted socalled 'pay-to-play- laws, regulations or policies 
that prohibit, restrict or require disclosure of payments to (and/or certain contacts with) state officials by individuals and 
entities seeking to do business with state entities, including investments by public retirement plans. The SEC has also 
adopted rules that, among other things. prohibit an investment adviser from providing advisory services for compensation 
with respect to a government plan investor for two years after such investment adviser or certain of its executives or 
employees make a contribution to certain elected officials or candidates. If the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, Credit Suisse 
Asset Management Limited (in its capacity as the placement agent) or their respective affiliates fail to comply with such 
pay-to-play laws, regulations or policies, such non-compliance could have an adverse effect on the Fund. 
Forward looking information 
This Memorandum and other materials prepared and provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests may contain projections, forecasts, targeted returns, illustrative returns, estimates, objectives. beliefs and 
similar information. Forward looking information is provided for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to serve as, 
and must not be relied upon by any Investor as, a guarantee. an assurance. a prediction or a definitive statement of fact 
or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. 
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Fund. Some important factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those in any forward looking information include changes in interest rates and 
changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions. The performance of the Fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038894 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185078 
EFTA01354300

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354301.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354301.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
may be materially different from the forward looking information 
THE FOREGOING LIST OF RISK FACTORS DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE OR CONCLUSIVE 
EXAMINATION OF THE RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE FUND. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD 
READ THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS ENTIRETY AND ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR PROFESSIONAL 
ADVISERS BEFORE DECIDING WHETHER TO INVEST IN THE FUND. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038895 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185079 
EFTA01354301

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354302.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038896 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185080 
EFTA01354302

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354303.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Conflicts of Interest 
General 
Investors should be aware that there will be situations where the Manager and its affiliates may encounter potential 
conflicts of interest in connection with the Fund's investment activities. The following discussion details certain potential 
conflicts of interest that should be carefully considered before making an investment in the Fund. By acquiring an Interest 
and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Investor will be deemed to have acknowledged the existence 
of any such actual and potential conflicts of interest and to have waived any claim with respect to any liability arising from 
the existence of any such conflict of interest. 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify and manage all such conflicts of interest. The General Partner 
and the Manager will consult with the Fund Advisory Committee with respect to material issues involving actual or 
potential significant conflicts of interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters in accordance with the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, unless the General Partner and the Manager have been advised by counsel that disclosure of 
such potential or actual conflict of interest is. or may reasonably be, prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons (in which 
case. where the conflict cannot be satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). 
The following non-exhaustive discussion sets forth certain potential conflicts of interest. In the Fund Documents, 
Investors will be required to acknowledge and consent to the existence of the conflicts of interest described. 
Conflicts among certain Investors 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments. decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for another Investor, especially with respect to 
particular tax situations of the Investors. In selecting and structuring investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager 
will consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and the Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Broken deal expenses and abort fees 
My broken deal expenses or abort fees relating to any investment opportunity that is not consummated will be allocated 
entirely to the Fund and not to any other co-investor unless such co•investor has agreed otherwise. 
Investment by members of the management team 
Partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser may invest personal funds directly or indirectly into the 
Fund or through other parallel investment entities. As such, their decisions may be influenced by the presence of their 
investment, and may not be completely unbiased. 
Carried Interest 
The entitlement of certain partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser to receive the economic benefit 
of the Carried Interest received by the Special Limited Partner may create an incentive for the Manager to make more 
speculative investments on behalf of the Fund than it would otherwise make in the absence of such Carried Interest. The 
existence of Carried Interest and its tax treatment may result in conflicts of interest between the Manager and Investors 
with respect to the management and disposition of investments and the determination of the order, timing and amount of 
distributions by the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038897 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185081 
EFTA01354303

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354304.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
The fact that the Carried Interest is linked to the performance of the Fund may create an incentive for the Manager to 
cause the Fund to make investments that are more speculative than would be the case in the absence of 
performance-based compensation, or to take action that may increase the short-term, as opposed to long-term, value of 
investments. 
Fund Advisory Committee 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify conflicts of interest. A Fund Advisory Committee will be 
established comprising representatives of certain Investors selected by the Manager. 
The Manager intends to consult the Fund Advisory Committee, as appropriate, with respect to material issues involving 
actual or potential conflicts of interest between the interests of the Fund and the Manager and its affiliates (unless the 
General Partner or the Manager has been advised by counsel that disclosure of such conflicts or potential conflicts is, or 
is reasonably likely to be. prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons, in which case, where the conflict cannot be 
satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). The Fund Advisory Committee will be 
comprised of members representing specific Investors and will not owe any duties to other Investors, whether individually 
or as a group. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038898 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185082 
EFTA01354304

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354305.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038899 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185083 
EFTA01354305

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354306.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354306.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038900 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185084 
EFTA01354306

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354307.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Certain Legal,ERISA and Tax Considerations 
The AIFM073
Valuation 
The Manager has decided that the nature of the investments that will be held by the Fund is such that there is no need 
for an external valuer. The Fund's valuations will be prepared in accordance with the UK AlFM Regulation on a fair value 
principle, based on U.S. GAAP and Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC*) 820 Fair Value Measurement. ASC 820 
establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes sources and valuation techniques. Accordingly, the Fund will be valued 
at an 'exit price' which is the value that would be received on selling the investment in an orderly transaction, between 
market participants at the measurement date. The Manager will establish a valuation committee (the 'Valuation 
Committee') to perform an assessment of valuations provided by the relevant investment specialists, together with 
acquisition information that has been gathered to understand each individual Investment. Deirdre Davies. the Manager's 
Chief Operating Officer, chairs the Valuation Committee and is also responsible for the Manager's valuation policy and 
procedures. Ms. Davies is not responsible for the Manager's deal activity or portfolio management, is functionally 
independent from the Managers portfolio management activities. and the Manager has put in place such measures as it 
considers reasonably necessary to mitigate conflicts of interest that may arise in connection with the valuation of the 
Fund's investments. Therefore, in the Manager's view, Ms. Davies has sufficient independence to oversee the valuation 
pokey and procedures in accordance with the Manager's compliance obligations. The Valuation Committee members, its 
terms of reference and the Managers valuation policy will be periodically assessed and internally audited to ensure 
compliance with the principles of the AIFMD. 
Fair treatment of Investors 
Please see Section 8: Conflicts of Interest for a summary of the policies established by the Manager in relation to 
conflicts of interest. In addition, as described more fully in Section 6: Summery of Terms and Conditions, the Manager 
has a clear and defined approach to side letter arrangements. Further, amendments to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
which would materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which discriminates against such Limited Partner 
vis-a-vis the other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited Partner will require the consent of the 
affected Limited Partner. 
Liquidity management 
As the Fund is a 'closed-ended AIF' (as defined in the AIFMD) and the Investors will not have any redemption rights in 
respect of their Interests, there is no meaningful liquidity risk to manage.
Managers professional liability risk 
Glendower holds a professional indemnity insurance policy. This insurance policy covers the professional indemnity 
insurance requirements of the AIFMD in respect of Glendower acting as the Fund's AIFM. 
Governing law and legal implications of the contractual relationship 
The Fund will be an English limited partnership, registered under the Limited Partnerships Act 1907 and designated as a 
The Manager may premde further Informaben as required under article 23 of the AIFMD o a supplement to en Memorandum 
Confidential Prnato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038901 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185085 
EFTA01354307

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354308.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354308.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Cede., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
'private fund limited partnership'. The Fund Partnership Agreement will be governed by English law and all parties to the 
agreement will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Fund Partnership Agreement and the documents to be entered 
into pursuant to it. 
Investors will offer to subscribe for Interests pursuant to a deed of adherence governed by the laws of England and 
Wales and all parties to the deed of adherence will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have non-
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the deed of adherence. 
Investors whose offers to subscribe for Interests are accepted by the General Partner and the Manager will become 
limited partners in an English private fund limited partnership and will become party to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
constituting the Fund. Investors' interests in the Fund will be as limited partners and will not be certificated but will be 
recorded on the register of limited partners maintained by the Fund. Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-
to-day operations of the Fund, including investment and disposition decisions. 
A judgment of a non-English court will create an obligation that is actionable in England. To enforce that obligation, an 
Investor would need to commence proceedings in the courts of England, in which the judgment is sued upon as a debt. 
For a foreign judgment to be recognized by the English courts it must, inter ells. be final and conclusive in the court 
which pronounced it, it must have been given by a court regarded by English law as competent to do so, its recognition 
must not be contrary to public policy, and it must not have been obtained by fraud. 
Collateral and Asset Reuse Arrangements 
The Fund may employ collateral and asset reuse arrangements and will disclose such arrangements to the Limited 
Partners in accordance with the 'Periodic disclosure" paragraph below. 
Leverage 
The Fund may incur leverage' within the meaning of the AlFMD.74
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in accordance with the 'gross method' (article 7 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013 (the 'Delegated Regulation")) shall be: 400%. 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Find, calculated in accordance with the "commitment method' 
(article 8 of the Delegated Regulation) shall be: 300%. 
To the extent the maximum level of leverage permitted by the Fund changes, then the Manager will disclose such 
arrangements to the Limited Partners in accordance with the 'Periodic disclosure' paragraph below. 
Periodic disclosure 
The information in respect of the Fund required to be disclosed pursuant to Article 23(4) and (5) of the AIFMD will be 
made available to each Limited Partner as follows: 
(a) 
The percentage of the Fund's assets which 
are subject to special arrangements arising 
from their illiquid nature. 
(b) 
Any new arrangements for managing the 
liquidity of the Fund. 
Not applicable.
Unlikely to arise but in the event that there are 
any new arrangements, without undue delay in 
a disclosure notice delivered to each Limited 
" 
See Section 6 Summary ri rams and Com:Wass lot a deter's:eon d non tne Fund may incur leverage 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038902 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185088 
EFTA01354308

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354309.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Cede." Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Partner 
(c) 
The current risk profile of the Fund and the 
risk management systems employed by the 
Manager to manage those risks. 
(d) 
My changes to the maximum level of 
leverage which the Manager may employ 
on behalf of the Fund as well as any right of 
the reuse of collateral or any guarantee 
granted under the leveraging arrangement. 
In each annual report 
Without undue delay in a disclosure notice 
delivered to each Limited Partner. 
(e) 
The total amount of leverage employed by 
In each annual report 
the Fund. 
Net Asset Value and Historical Performance of the Fund 
No Investors have been admitted to the Fund. Accordingly, (a) there is no net asset value of the Fund. (b) the Fund has 
made no investments, so there is no information to disclose about the historical performance of the Fund, and (c) there is 
no annual report in respect of the Fund. 
Prime Broker 
The Fund has not engaged. and the Manager does not anticipate that the Fund will engage. a prime broker. 
The Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited (the 'Depositary') has been retained by the Manager to perform the depositary 
function pursuant to Article 21 of the AIFMD in respect of the Fund, including monitoring cash flows of the Fund, verifying 
the ownership of assets and making custody arrangements for the safekeeping of any custodial assets and overseeing 
the operations of the Fund. 
The Depositary may, with the prior written consent of the Manager, delegate any pan of its duties under the depositary 
agreement to third parties. To the fullest extent permitted by law. the Depositary does not owe any duty to any Limited 
Partner or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with its retention as the Fund's depositary. 
With respect to safekeeping (to the extent it is required), the Depositary may delegate its duties to one or more third party 
custodians. It is expected that such third party custodians will be able to provide safekeeping in any relevant jurisdiction 
where it is required. 
Neither the Depositary, nor any third party custodian to whom safekeeping is delegated, shall have a right of re-use of 
any of the Fund's assets. 
The Depositary has restricted its liability. In particular, the Depositary will not be liable to the Fund, the Manager. the 
Limited Partners or the General Partner under or in connection with the depositary agreement, save to the extent that 
such liability arises as a result of the Depositary's gross negligence, wilful default, fraud, a material breach of the 
depositary agreement or a material breach of applicable law. 
The fees of the Depositary, and any costs associated with the appointment of the Depositary, will constitute expenses of 
the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038903 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185087 
EFTA01354309

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354310.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354310.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Scotian 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Securities Law Matters 
Securities Act of 1933 
The Interests described herein will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any other U.S. or non-U.S. securities 
laws, including state securities or blue sky laws. Interests will be offered and sold without registration in reliance upon 
the exemption for transactions not involving a public offering contained in the Securities Act and/or Regulation 0 or 
Regulation S promulgated thereunder and generally will be sold in the U.S. only to U.S. Investors who are accredited 
investors, as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each Investor will be required to make customary private placement representations. including that such Investor is 
acquiring an Interest for its own account, for investment and not with a view to resale or distribution. Further, each 
Investor must be prepared to bear the risk of an investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time, since the 
Interests may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the Securities Act and any applicable state or non-
U.S. securities laws pursuant to registration or an exemption therefrom. It is extremely unlikely that the Interests will ever 
be registered under the Securities Act. 
Under Rule 506(e) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, the General Partner is required to furnish to 
each purchaser of interests a description of any matters that would have triggered disqualification under paragraph (d)(1) 
of Rule 506 of Regulation 0 but occurred before the rule's effective date. September 23. 2013. including as a result of 
such matters associated with a placement agent engaged by the General Partner with respect to the offering of interests. 
The following is a description of such matters that relate to Credit Suisse: 
"In September 2008. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (CSSU') reached an agreement with the 
New York State Attorney General's Office and the North American Securities Administrators 
Association Task Force to settle investigations concerning investment products generally known as 
'auction rate securities.' Pursuant to that agreement and with CSSU's consent. a number of state 
securities regulators issued final orders against CSSU for engaging in dishonest or unethical conduct 
related to the marketing and sale of auction rate securities and failure to supervise reasonably. Under 
the terms of the settlement agreement, CSSU agreed to repurchase up to 5550 million of auction rate 
securities held by certain investors and pay civil penalties of 515 million. Under the settlement 
agreement, CSSU neither admits nor denies wrongdoing.' 
In addition, the following is a description of such matters that relate to Raymond James 8 Associates, Inc. or Raymond 
James Financial Services. Inc. Raymond James will also serve as placement agent with respect to the offering of certain 
interests: 
'Beginning in 2011. Raymond James 8 Associates, Inc. and Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. 
(collectively 'Raymond James) settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and the 
District of Colurnbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or engaged in dishonest or unethical 
practices (or substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant state statutes) related to 
the sale of auction rate securities. The basis of the allegations was that Raymond James offered and 
sold to some of their customers auction rate securities while not accurately characterizing or while 
failing to adequately disclose the true nature and risks associated with these investments. Although 
Raymond James' auction rate securities trade confirmations disclosed the risk that auction rate 
securities auctions could fail and that Raymond James were not obliged to ensure their success, at the 
point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers inaccurately described auction rate 
securities. As a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to purchase eligible auction rate 
securities from eligible customers and to pay fines. Raymond James have completed all undertakings 
required under the settlement orders. Under the settlement orders. Raymond James neither admit nor 
deny wrongdoing: 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038904 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185088 
EFTA01354310

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354311.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0USI43 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glentwer Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
In connection with any acquisition or beneficial ownership by the Fund of more than 5% of any class of the equity 
securities of a company registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. as amended (the 'Exchange Act"), 
the Fund may be required to make certain filings with the SEC. Generally, these filings require disclosure of the identity 
and background of the purchaser, the source and amount of funds used to acquire the securities, the purpose of the 
transaction, the purchaser's interest in the securities, and any contracts, arrangements or undertakings regarding the 
securities. In certain circumstances. the Fund may be required to aggregate its investment position in a given portfolio 
company with the beneficial ownership of that company's securities by or on behalf of the General Partner or the 
Manager and their respective affiliates, which could require the Fund, together with such other parties, to make certain 
disclosure filings or otherwise restrict the Fund's activities with respect to such portfolio company securities. 
Also, if the Fund becomes the beneficial owner of more than 10% of any class of the equity securities of a company 
registered under the Exchange Act or places a director on the board of directors of such a company, the Fund may be 
subject to certain additional reporting requirements and to liability for short-swing profits under Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act. The Fund intends to manage its investments so as to avoid the short-swing profit liability provisions of 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
It is anticipated that the Fund, being an entity organized outside the U.S. and not intending to make a public offering of its 
securities in the U.S., will not be required to register under the Investment Company Act. In order to ensure that the 
Fund will not be subject to the registration requirements of the Investment Company Act, the Fund will rely on the 
exemptions contained in the Investment Company Act, including but not limited to Section 3(c)(7) thereof. Section 
3(c)(7) excludes from the definition of investment company issuers whose outstanding securities are owned exclusively 
by 'qualified purchasers,' as defined under the Investment Company Act. Section 3(c)(7) has been interpreted by the 
staff of the SEC in respect of a non-U.S. fund, such as the Fund, to require that only the U.S. Investors therein must be 
qualified purchasers. The Fund will obtain appropriate representations and undertakings from U.S. Investors to ensure 
that the conditions of these exemptions are met. 
Offers and sales of Interests will therefore only be offered (i) outside the U.S. to Investors other than U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) and U.S. residents in offshore transactions that meet the requirements 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act (an 'Eligible Non-U.S. Investor) or (ii) to Investors whose participation would 
not require the Fund to register as an investment company pursuant to Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act 
(an -Eligible U.S. Investor) (Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. together. "Eligible Investors"). 
Offers to purchase, and subsequent transfers of Interests, will be subject to certain restrictions, and an Investor's ability 
to resell its Interest may therefore be limited. Sales and transfers that would require the Fund to be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act will be void ab litho and will not be honored by the Manager. 
The Manager has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder of an interest held by or on behalf of a U.S. 
person who is not an Eligible U.S. Investor at the time it purchases such Interest, to require the transfer of such Interests, 
in whole or in part, to an Eligible Investor in order to permit the Fund to avoid registration under the Investment Company 
Act. 
U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 
The Manager is not registered as an investment adviser under the U.S. Advisers Act of 1940 (the 'Advisers Act"). The 
Manager expects that the U.S. Adviser will be a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act; how ever. under 
applicable guidance from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'SEC"), only certain provisions of the Advisers 
Act will apply to the Manager's and the U.S. Adviser's relationship with the Fund since the Fund is not expected to be a 
"United States person" (as such term is defined under the Advisers Act). Registration as an investment adviser under the 
Advisers Act by the U.S. Adviser does not imply any specific level of skill or training nor does it imply any endorsement. 
approval or certification of the U.S. Adviser by the SEC. 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038905 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185089 
EFTA01354311

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354312.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 
Each of the Manager and the General Partner is exempt from registration with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC) and is not registered with the CFTC as a commodity pool operator ("CPO"), pursuant to an 
exemption under CFTC Regulation Section 4.13(a)(3) for pools (a) whose interests are exempt from registration under 
the Securities Act and are offered and sold without marketing to the public in the U.S., (b) whose participants are limited 
to accredited investors and (c) whose investments in commodity interest positions are limited such that either (1) the 
aggregate initial margin, premiums. and required minimum deposit for retail forex transactions (as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 5.1(m)) required to establish such positions, determined at the time of the most recently established 
position, does not exceed 5% of the liquidation value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits 
and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into, provided, that, in the case of an option that is in4he-
money at the time of purchase, the in4he-inoney amount as defined in CFTC Regulation Section 190.01(x) may be 
excluded in computing such 5% or (2) an aggregate net notional value of such positions, determined at the time of the 
most recently established position, does not exceed 100% of the liquidation value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into 
account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into. Therefore, unlike a registered 
CPO, neither the General Partner nor the Manager is required to deliver a disclosure document (as defined in the CFTC 
Regulations) and a certified annual report to investors. 
The CFTC does not pass upon the merits of participating in a pool or upon the adequacy or accuracy of an offering 
Memorandum. Consequently. the CFTC has not reviewed or approved this offering or this Memorandum. 
Certain ERISA Considerations 
ERISA governs the investment of the assets of certain employee benefit plans that may be investors in a limited 
partnership. ERISA and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor COOL") under ERISA contain 
provisions that should be considered by fiduciaries of those plans and their legal advisers. 
Fiduciary duty 
In considering an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider their basic fiduciary duty under Section 404 of 
ERISA, which requires them to discharge their investment duties prudently and solely in the interest of the plan 
participants and beneficiaries. 
Before authorizing an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider, among other things: (i) the fiduciary 
standards under ERISA. Oft whether the investment in the Fund satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements 
of ERISA, including whether the investment is prudent in tight of limitations on the marketability of the Interests, (iii) 
whether such fiduciaries have authority to make the investment under the appropriate plan investment policies and 
governing instrument and under Title I of ERISA, and (iv) whether the investment will give rise to a 'prohibited 
transaction' within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as 
amended (the 'Code'). In analyzing the prudence of an investment in the Fund, special attention should be given to the 
DOL regulation on investment duties (29 C.F.R. Section 2550.404a-1). 
Plan assets 
Under ERISA and regulations issued by the DOL, when a plan covered by ERISA acquires an equity interest (such as 
the Interests) in an entity (such as the Fund) that is neither a 'publicly offered security' nor a security issued by an 
investment company registered under the Investment Company Act, the assets of the ERISA plan generally include not 
only such equity interest, but also an undivided interest in each of the underlying assets of such entity, unless it is 
established that: (0 ownership of each class of equity interest in the entity by 'Benefit Plan Investors" (as defined 
below) has a value in the aggregate of less than 25% of the total value of such class of equity interest then outstanding. 
determined on the date of the most recent acquisition of any equity interest in the entity in accordance with the DOL 
regulations as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the -25% Test"), or (ii) the entity is an *operating company,' including 
a 'venture capital operating company." The term Benefit Plan Investor means: (i) an 'employee benefit plan' within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to part 4 of Title I of ERISA, (ii) a `plan, account or arrangement" within 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038906 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185090 
EFTA01354312

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354313.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the meaning of and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and (iii) any entity whose underlying assets include 'plan 
assets' by reason of a plan's investment in such entity (e.g., an entity of which 25% or more of the value of any class of 
equity interests is held by benefit plan investors and which does not satisfy any exception under the D0L regulations). 
An entity will be considered a Benefit Plan Investor only to the extent of the percentage of its equity interests that are 
held by Benefit Plan Investors. Under the 25% Test, the value of equity interests held by a person (other than a Benefit 
Plan Investor) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the entity or that provides 
investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets (or an affiliate of such person ) is disregarded. 
The Manager will use reasonable best efforts to operate the Fund in compliance with the 25% Test so that the 
investments of the Fund do not constitute 'plan assets' for purposes of ERISA. In the connection. the Manager will limit 
acquisitions, transfers and withdrawals by Investors, and may require the withdrawal of any Investor that is a Benefit Plan 
Investor. 
Form 5500 
Plan administrators of Investors that are subject to ERISA may be required to report on Form 5500 Annual Return/Report 
compensation paid to the Manager and the General Partner. The descriptions of fees and compensation contained 
herein, and in the descriptions of the priority profit share and carried interest set forth in Section 6: Summery of Terms 
and Condtions above are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 'eligible indirect compensation' for which 
the alternative reporting option on Schedule C of Form 5500 may be available. 
Investors such as pension funds that are subject to the provisions of ERISA should consult with their counsel 
and advisers as to the provisions of ERISA applicable to an Investment In the Fund. 
Certain Tax Considerations 
Certain U.S. federal income tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and 
does not purport to address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be applicable to any particular 
Investor. For example, except as expressly described below, the discussion does not address the tax consequences of 
the disposition of an interest in the Fund. This discussion is based on laws. including the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the 'Code), regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this Memorandum, all of 
which are subject to change. possibly with retroactive effect The U.S. federal income taxation of partnerships and 
partners is extremely complex. involving, among other things. significant issues as to the character, timing of realization 
and sourcing of gains and losses. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers prior to investing in 
the Fund with respect to their particular tax situations, including, in the case of Investors subject to special rules under 
U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks, dealers in securities. life insurance companies, tax-exempt Investors and 
non-U.S. Investors). with reference to any special issues that investment in the Fund may raise for such persons. The 
activities of an Investor unrelated to such Investor's status as an Investor in the Fund may affect the tax consequences to 
such Investor of an investment in the Fund. 
Treatment as partnership. The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. Instead, each Investor 
that is subject to U.S. tax will be required to take into account its distributive share, whether or not distributed, of each 
item of the Fund's income. gain, loss, deduction or credit. It is possible that in any year, an Investor's tax liability arising 
from the Fund could exceed the distributions made by the Fund to such Investor. The Fund will provide such Investors 
with the information with respect to the operations of the Fund necessary to file their U.S. federal income tax returns. 
However, Investors may not receive such information prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due and 
may need to file for extensions. 
Partnership audit rules. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 implemented new partnership audit procedures under 
which the Fund or the Investors may have potential tax liability in the event of an adjustment imposed as a result of a tax 
audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") (such audit procedures, the 'Partnership Audit Rules). For 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038907 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185091 
EFTA01354313

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354314.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Cede., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
taxable years beginning on or after January 1. 2018. an audit resulting in an adjustment to any item of the Fund's 
income, gain, loss, deduction or credit (or adjustment of the allocation of any such items among the Partners), and any 
tax (including interest and penalties) attributable to such adjustment. may be determined and collected at the Fund level 
in the year of such adjustment. In that event, under the Fund Partnership Agreement, the Fund will allocate such tax 
among the Partners as determined by the Manager, and each Partner may be required to contribute to the Fund (which 
contribution shall not be treated as an advance and will not reduce such Partner's undrawn Commitment) the amount of 
such tax allocated to it. As a result, a Partner may bear liability for the adjustment in an amount that exceeds the taxes 
that the Partner (or its predecessor in interest) would have paid if the adjustment had been applied at the partner level. 
Alternatively, the Manager may elect to send an adjusted Schedule K-1 to each person who was a Partner in the taxable 
year reviewed on audit (the "Push-Out Election"). In that event, each such person (whether a current or former Partner) 
may elect to pay any resulting tax (including interest and penalties) or. in the case of a person that is itself treated as a 
partnership or other Row-
through vehicle for U.S. federal income tax purposes. such person may further push out the 
adjustment to the next tier of partners. Non-U.S. Investors may be required to file U.S. tax returns as a result of a Push-
Out Election. Under the Push-Out Election, the interest rate for any resulting underpayments of taxes in the case of 
individuals and certain other Partners will be higher than would otherwise be the case. There is some uncertainty 
regarding the interpretation and implementation of these partnership audit procedures. 
No dividends received deduction. Investors that are U.S. corporations will not be eligible for the dividends received 
deduction with respect to dividends received by the Fund (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) from non-U.S. 
corporations. 
Passive foreign investment companies. The Fund may invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in non-
U.S. corporations treated as 'passive foreign investment companies' ("PFICs"). A U.S. Investor's share of certain 
distributions from a PFIC and gain from the disposition by the Fund of an interest in a PFIC or in a Fund Secondary that 
holds an interest in a PFIC could be subject to a substantial interest charge and could be characterized as ordinary 
income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. If a U.S. Investor (or, in the case of a U.S. Fund Secondary, such 
U.S. Fund Secondary) makes a 'qualified electing fund" ("QEF") election with respect to a PFIC, the U.S. Investor would 
in general be required to include in income annually its share of the PFIC's current income and net capital gains (losses 
are not currently deductible), but would avoid the interest charge and ordinary income treatment described above. A QEF 
election may affect the timing, character and amount of income recognized by a U.S. Investor, and in particular may 
result in a U.S. Investor recognizing income subject to tax prior to the receipt by the Fund of any distributable proceeds. 
There can be no assurance that a QEF election will be available with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund directly or 
indirectly invests. U.S. Investors may be required to file an annual report with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund 
invests (including indirectly through a Fund Secondary). 
Controlled foreign corporations. The Fund may invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in non-US. 
corporations treated as "controlled foreign corporations' ("CFCs"). A U.S. Investor could have current inclusions of 
certain undistributed income of a CFC under certain circumstances. Furthermore, gain from the disposition by the Fund 
of an interest in a CFC or in a Fund Secondary that holds an interest in a CFC could be characterized as a dividend or 
ordinary income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. 
Certain transactions. The Fund may acquire (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) certain debt obligations, 
preferred stock and other types of investments that generate taxable income to the Investors without a corresponding 
cash distribution. The Fund may engage (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in hedging, foreign currency 
and derivative transactions that may have special timing, character and source rules for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
RestrIcdons on deductibility of expenses and other losses. It is anticipated that the Fund's expenses (including the 
General Partner's Share) generally will be investment expenses treated as miscellaneous itemized deductions, rather 
than trade or business expenses, with the result that any individual who is an Investor (either directly or through an 
Investor that is a partnership or other pass-through entity) will not be permitted to claim a U.S. federal income tax 
deduction for such expenses for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, and thereafter may be limited in his or 
her ability to claim a U.S. federal income tax deduction for such expenses. In the case of investments in entities treated 
as partnerships or as disregarded from their owners for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that are engaged in trade 
or business ("Operating Partnerships"), the 'passive activity loss" rules, the "at-risk' rules and the limitation on "excess 
business losses" could limit the deductibility of losses derived from such investments and the portion of the Fund's 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038908 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185092 
EFTA01354314

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354315.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354315.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Cede., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
expenses allocable to such investments. The Fund may deduct organizational expenses rateably over 15 years. or it 
may elect to capitalize such expenses. No deduction is allowed for offering expenses, including placement fees. A non-
corporate taxpayer is not permitted to deduct Investment interest" expense in excess of 'net investment income.' This 
limitation could apply to limit the deductibility of interest paid by a non-corporate Investor on indebtedness incurred to 
finance such investors investment in the Fund or the deductibility of such investors share of interest expense (if any) of 
the Fund. In addition, deductions for 'business interest' may be subject to further limitations. Deductions and losses 
arising from an investment in the Fund may also be limited or disallowed under other rules. 
Qualified business income deduction. While certain non-corporate Investors may be able to deduct a portion of any 
-qualified business income' arising from certain trades or businesses held by the Fund, which may include investments in 
Operating Partnerships, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, the rules in respect of such deduction are 
uncertain and complex. No assurance can be provided that the Fund will make investments eligible for such deduction 
or, if the Fund does make any such investment, that the Fund will be able to provide information necessary for such 
Investor to benefit from such deduction. 
ERISA plans and other tax-exempt limited partners. Certain organizations generally exempt from U.S. federal 
income tax, including ERISA plans. are subject to the tax on unrelated business taxable income CUB111. UBTI arises 
primarily as income from an unrelated trade or business regularly carried on, income from property as to which there is 
acquisition indebtedness. and certain insurance income received from or attributable to CFCs. It may not be possible to 
net profits and losses arising from unrelated Operating Partnerships for purposes of calculating UBTI. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain investment opportunities, the Fund may make 
investments (such as in Operating Partnerships) that will generate UBTI, including indirectly through Fund Secondaries. 
In addition, the Fund may (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) borrow money within certain limits or acquire 
property as to which there is acquisition indebtedness, including as a result of an investment in a Fund Secondary, which 
may generate UBTI. It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees 
by the Manager or its affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such fees, would be taxed as UBTI 
to tax-exempt Investors. If sufficient interest is indicated by potential tax-exempt Investors, the Fund may offer a 
"blocker structure through which such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
Non-U.S. Investors. Below is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to a non-
resident alien individual or non-U.S. corporation that is considering an investment in the Fund and does not purport to 
address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be applicable to any particular Investor. This 
discussion does not address the tax consequences of investing in the Fund to non-U.S. Investors subject to special rules 
under U.S. federal income tax laws. such as non-U.S. governments, trusts, former U.S. citizens or residents. and 
individual non-U.S. Investors that have a 'tax home' in the U.S. Non-U.S. Investors are urged to consult with their own 
tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. The discussion assumes that a non-U.S. Investor is not and 
will not be engaged in a trade or business within the U.S.. has and will have no U.S. source income, apart from its 
investment in the Fund, and in the case of a non-U.S. individual, has not been (and will not be) present in the U.S. for 
183 days or more in any taxable year. 
Interest, dividends. etc. A non-U.S. Investor is subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at the rate of 30% (or a lower treaty 
rate, if applicable) on its distributive share of any U.S. source interest (subject to certain exemptions), dividends and 
certain other income received by the Fund. 
Effectively connected income. In general, a non-U.S. person that invests in a partnership that is (directly or through 
entities treated as disregarded from their owners or as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes) 'engaged in 
trade or business within the United States' is itself considered to be engaged in trade or business within the U.S. and is 
subject to U.S. federal income tax (including. possibly, in the case of a non-U.S. corporation, the 'branch profits' tax), 
withholding and income tax return filing requirements with respect to its income effectively connected (or treated as 
effectively connected) with the U.S. trade or business (*Ea"). A non-U.S. person that fails to file a timely U.S. federal 
income tax return in respect of its Ea may subsequently be precluded from claiming deductions related to the Ea and 
may be subject to interest and penalties. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the and to pursue certain investment opportunities, it may (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) make investments (such as investments in certain Operating Partnerships) that will generate 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038909 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185093 
EFTA01354315

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354316.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354316.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Cede., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Ea. In the case of an investment in an Operating Partnership that is engaged in trade or business within the U.S.. the 
following will be considered ECI to a non-U.S. Investor: 
• 
the non-U.S. Investor's share of the items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit derived by the Operating 
Partnership from a U.S. trade or business (whether or not distributed) as determined under U.S. federal income 
tax rules (including interest allocation rules) generally applicable to non-U.S. persons (which may produce a 
result different from merely applying U.S. tax rates to the non-U.S. Investors share of the net income of the 
Operating Partnership): and 
• 
the non-U.S. Investor's share of any gain realized by the Fund upon the disposition of the Operating 
Partnership, and any gain realized by the non-U.S. Investor upon the disposition of and interest in the Fund. in 
each case, to the extent attributable to such non-US. Investor's share of any gain inherent in the Operating 
Partnership's U.S. trade or business and U.S. real property interests. 
It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees by the Manager or its 
affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such fees, would be considered ECI to non-U.S.
Investors. 
A non-U.S. Investor is subject to tax on its allocable share of ECI at a rate of 21% for a non-U.S. corporation and a 
maximum rate of 37% for a non-U.S. individual. In addition, if any portion of such non-U.S. Investor's gain upon a 
disposition of an interest in the Fund would be treated as Ea, the proceeds of such disposition generally will be subject 
to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 10% of the amount realized. It is possible that in any given year the tax 
withheld on ECI with respect to a non-U.S. Investor may be in excess of that Investor's U.S. federal income tax liability 
for the year. In such event, the non-U.S. Investor would be entitled to a refund of the overpayment. 
A non-U.S. corporate Investor may also be subject to the 30% branch profits tax on its Ea. The branch profits tax is a 
tax on the -dividend equivalent amount' of a non-U.S. corporation, which is approximately equal to the amount of the 
corporation's eamings and profits attributable to ECI that is not treated as reinvested in the U.S. The effect of the branch 
profits tax is to increase the maximum U.S. federal income tax rate on ECI for a non-U.S. corporate Investor from 21% to 
44.7%. Some U.S. income tax treaties provide exemptions from, or reduced rates of, the branch profits tax for 'qualified 
residents" of the treaty country. The branch profits tax is payable by the non-U.S. Investor and not collected by way of 
withholding. 
If sufficient interest is indicated by potential non-U.S. Investors, the Fund may offer a "blocker structure through which 
such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
U.S. real property holding corporations. If the Fund were to invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in 
stock or certain other securities of a U.S. corporation that constituted a 'United States real property holding corporation' 
CUSRPHC"), any gain or loss of a non-U.S. Investor from the disposition of such stock or securities would generally be 
required to be taken into account as if it were ECI, except that the branch profits tax does not apply. 
Certain reporting requirements; Reportable transactions. Certain U.S. Investors may be required to file Form 8865. 
Return of U.S. Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign Partnerships, reporting transfers of cash or other property to the 
Fund and information relating to the Fund, including information relating to the Investor's Interest and allocations of the 
items of Fund income, gains, losses. deductions and credits to the Investor and, in some circumstances, the names and 
addresses of certain of the other Investors. A U.S. Investor may be required to file Form 926, Return by a U.S. 
Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation, reporting certain transfers of cash or other property to foreign 
corporations. In addition, certain U.S. Investors may be required to disclose on Form 8938, Statement of Specified 
Foreign Financial Assets, information with respect to their Interest. Investors that fail to comply with these reporting 
requirements may be subject to substantial penalties. 
If U.S. federal tax rules relating to 'reportable transactions' are applicable to the Fund (or any of the transactions 
undertaken by the Fund, such as its investments). Investors that are required to file U.S. federal income tax returns (and, 
in some cases, certain direct and indirect interest holders of certain Investors) would be required to disclose to the IRS 
information relating to the Fund and its transactions, and to retain certain documents and other records related thereto. 
Although the Manager does not believe that the subscription for an Interest is a reportable transaction, there can be no 
assurance that the IRS will not take a contrary position. In addition, an Interest could become a reportable transaction 
for Investors in the future, for example, if the Fund generates certain types of losses that exceed prescribed thresholds or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038910 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185094 
EFTA01354316

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354317.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
if certain other events occur. It is also possible that a transaction undertaken by the Fund will be a reportable transaction 
for Investors. Substantial penalties may be imposed on taxpayers who fail to comply with these laws. 
In addition, other tax laws impose substantial excise taxes and additional reporting requirements and penalties on certain 
tax-exempt Investors (and, in some cases, the managers of tax-exempt Investors) that are. directly or in some cases 
indirectly, parties to certain types of reportable transactions. 
Certain U.S. state and local income tax considerations 
The foregoing discussion does not address the U.S. state and local tax consequences of an investment in the Fund. 
Investors may be subject to U.S. state and local taxation, and tax return filing requirements, in the jurisdictions of the 
Fund's activities or investments, particularly in the case of investments in Operating Partnerships. Investors may not 
receive the relevant tax information prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due and may need to file 
for extensions. Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding U.S. state and local tax matters. 
Certain UK tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain UK taxation considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and does not 
purport to address all of the UK taxation considerations that may be applicable to any particular Investor. It is based on 
laws, regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change. 
possibly with retroactive effect. The UK taxation of partnerships and partners is extremely complex, involving, among 
other things. significant issues as to the character, timing of realization and sourcing of gains and losses. Investors 
should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as tax advice, and each Investor is urged to conduct its own due 
diligence, and consult with its professional advisers, with respect to the tax consequences of its investment in the Fund. 
Taxation of the fund. The Fund will be established as an English limited partnership to make private equity and equity 
related investments. The Fund has been structured and is intended to be operated so that it is treated as an investment 
partnership and not as carrying on a trade for UK tax purposes. These characteristics are important to the UK tax 
treatment of the Investors and the Fund. If the Fund conducts business such that it ceases to be one of making 
investments (or if any transaction were to be characterized as a trading rather than as an investment transaction), the tax 
treatment outlined here would not necessarily apply. 
The Fund should be treated for UK tax purposes as a partnership and the following summary is based on that 
assumption. HM Revenue & Customs will not treat the Fund as a separate taxable entity for UK income and capital 
gains tax purposes. Instead. the income and capital gains or losses of the Fund will be treated as those of the Investors 
as and when they arise. For this purpose. HM Revenue & Customs generally regards each Investor as owning a 
fractional share of each of the Fund's underlying assets in a way which reflects the Investor's profit-sharing ratio. Where 
a Fund Secondary Investment or GP-led Secondary Investment is itself treated as tax transparent for UK tax purposes 
(as in the case of a partnership), HM Revenue & Customs will generally look through that investment to its underlying 
assets. 
Each Investor will be solely responsible for paying the tax due on its own share of the Fund's income and gains. 
Investors will be required to include their share of such income and gains in their own tax returns. The Fund may be 
required to complete and file a partnership return to aid the assessment of the Investors. Any Investor may be required 
to provide such information as may reasonably be required to facilitate the assessment to income tax or corporation tax 
of any Investor liable to be so assessed. 
Investors who are not resident in the UK and who hold their Interest as part of a trade (e.g.. financial traders. such as 
banks), may be treated as carrying on that part of that trade in the UK through a UK representative. which can be 
assessed to UK tax on the profits of such Investor. In those circumstances. the General Partner will be entitled to retain 
an amount equal to the Investor's liability to UK corporation tax or income tax and to submit such amounts to HM 
Revenue & Customs. 
It is likely that the Fund will be required to lodge an annual partnership tax return with HM Revenue & Customs although 
no tax should be payable by the Fund itself on any income or gain reported in such tax return. In order to lodge a tax 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038911 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185095 
EFTA01354317

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354318.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
return correctly and validly. HM Revenue & Customs may require the Fund to disclose the identity of each Investor and 
may also require the Fund to include in its tax return a unique taxpayer reference ('UTR') number for certain Investors. 
Prospective investors should. therefore, be aware that an investment in the Fund may result in them being required to (a) 
obtain a UTR from HM Revenue 8 Customs or (b) provide the General Partner with the authority to obtain such a UTR 
for them on their behalf, and that, in either of these cases, the Fund may be required to disclose their identity and include 
their UTR in its tax returns.
Taxation of UK resident Investors. 
Income. Income arising directly to the Fund will be treated for UK tax purposes as income arising to each Investor in the 
proportions in which that income is shared by the Investors in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. UK resident Investors will in general be chargeable to UK tax on the gross amount of their share of that 
income. Corporate partners may be able to obtain relief for corporation tax purposes for their share of certain of the 
management expenses of the Fund. 
Investors subject to corporation tax may be exempt from corporation tax on some or all dividends arising to the Fund 
from UK and non-UK companies depending, in each case, on whether the detailed conditions for dividend exemption are 
met. Other UK resident Investors will normally be subject to income tax on dividends arising to the Fund in accordance 
with the UK tax rules applicable to dividends. 
UK resident Investors who are individuals should generally be entitled to a £5,000 tax-free dividend allowance on the net 
dividends paid by UK and (in certain cases) non-UK companies and received directly or indirectly by the Investor in 
respect of the Funds investments. Amounts above the allowance are subject to UK income tax at the relevant dividend 
rates. The tax-free dividend allowance will reduce from £5.000 to £2.000 from April 6, 2018. 
UK resident Investors should generally be entitled to a tax credit of 20% for any income tax deducted at source from 
interest income arising in the UK (e g., debenture interest) received directly or indirectly by the Fund in respect of 
investments. 
UK resident Investors may be able to claim a credit against their UK tax liability for foreign tax paid on their share of 
income from investments, or they may be able to reclaim all or part of any such foreign tax deducted at source if the 
foreign tax arises in a jurisdiction with which the UK has concluded an appropriate double tax treaty. 
Capital gains. Each Investor will generally be treated for the purposes of UK tax on chargeable gains as having a share 
in each of the assets of the Fund. The share of each Investor should be its interest in the assets determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Upon the Fund disposing of an asset to a third party, each Investor will be treated as disposing of its share in that asset. 
Subject to the offshore fund rules outlined below, any gain or loss arising on that disposal should be treated for UK tax 
purposes as a capital gain or loss and each Investor's share of any disposal proceeds realized on such disposal should 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Investors' base cost in underlying assets which may be used to set against any disposal proceeds on a disposal of 
underlying assets. may be lower than the amount they have funded to acquire such assets (although they may, in certain 
circumstances, be able to make a claim for relief which would mitigate this effect) and there can be no assurance that 
Partners who are subject to tax on the allocated gain or income will receive distributions sufficient to fully satisfy their tax 
liabilities. In certain circumstances, a gain may be allocated to an Investor without any corresponding cash distribution 
being made to that Investor. 
On a pro rata distribution in specie of Fund assets among the Investors. there will be no immediate charge to UK tax. 
Instead, the capital gains tax base cost of each Investor in each of the assets will, for the purposes of computing any 
gain or loss on a subsequent disposal or part-disposal of the asset, be the market value of the asset at the date of 
distribution, reduced by the notional gain which would have arisen if the asset had been disposed of to a third party at its 
market value at the date of distribution. The same principles will be applied where the computation results in a loss. If 
the distribution in specie is not done on a pro rata basis, different considerations and tax treatments may apply. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009 (together the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038912 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185098 
EFTA01354318

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354319.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354319.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certar Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
'Offshore Fund Rules) may apply to an investment made by the Fund in an 'offshore fund.' The Fund itself will not 
constitute an offshore fund for these purposes, although it is possible that the Fund may hold or acquire investments 
which are offshore funds for such purposes. In such cases, all or part of an Investor's distributions attributable to any 
gain made by the Fund on the disposal of an investment may be treated as income, rather than capital gains, for UK tax 
purposes, depending on the circumstances and the status of the investment as a 'reporting fund" or 'non-reporting fund' 
for the purposes of the Offshore Fund Rules. 
UK resident individuals. Investors who are UK resident or ordinarily resident individuals should note that, in certain 
circumstances, gains of non-UK resident companies in which the Fund has made an investment may be treated as 
accruing to such individual Investors. 
UK resident companies. 
Investments in non-UK companies. Investors who are UK resident companies should note that investments in non-UK 
resident companies may be 'controlled foreign companies' for UK tax purposes. The profits of a controlled foreign 
company can in certain circumstances be apportioned to UK resident companies and corporation tax charged thereon. It 
is unlikely that an apportionment of the relevant proportion of the investee company's profits would be made against an 
Investor which is a UK resident company as the circumstances in which an apportionment can be made should not be 
present. 
Unrealized gains or losses. Investors subject to UK corporation tax may be treated for UK corporation tax purposes as 
realizing profits, gains or losses in respect of certain assets. including those which are subject to the loan relationship' 
rules in Part 5 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009. generally on a basis reflecting the treatment in its statutory accounts, 
although in some cases on a mandatory mark-to-market basis. These profits, gains or losses will be taken into account in 
computing income for UK corporation tax purposes. M Investor's actual share in the return from these types of 
investments will not necessarily be the same as the amounts on which the Investor was taxed under these rules. 
Pension funds and other exempt bodies. Investors who are exempt from UK tax on income or gains should not be 
charged UK tax on income or gains made by the Fund. 
UK taxation of non-UK resident investors. 
Income. Non-UK resident Investors should generally not be liable to UK tax on income from UK investments held directly 
or indirectly by the Fund, except to the extent that UK tax is deducted from such income at source. Interest income 
received from UK sources is generally subject to a withholding tax of 20%. Certain Investors may. however, be able to 
reclaim UK income tax deducted at source from interest payments made by UK resident investee companies and 
beneficially owned by them if such Investors are resident in a country with which the UK has concluded an appropriate 
double tax treaty and they are not otherwise carrying on a trade in the UK. 
In the case of an Investor who is an individual who is or has been a UK resident and who re-acquires UK residence on a 
retum to the UK after a period of five years or less of non-UK residence, certain types of income (including, for example, 
dividends arising to the Fund from a UK company) that arise during such an Investor's period of non-residence may be 
treated as arising to him in the period he reacquires residence in the UK and subject to income tax on that basis. 
Capital. Investors who are neither resident nor domiciled in the UK will not normally be liable to UK tax on gains made 
by the Fund. Such gains may. however, be liable to UK tax in the hands of an individual Investor on returning to the UK 
after an absence of up to five years, if realized during the period of absence. 
The above comments do not address the position of a non-UK resident who holds his or her Interest for the purpose of a 
financial trade. whether carried on within or outside the UK. to whom different UK tax considerations apply. 
Inheritance tax. A limited partnership interest in an English limited partnership carrying on business in the UK is 
regarded as an asset located in the UK for the purposes of inheritance tax. This means that on the death of an Investor, 
inheritance tax could be payable. Inheritance tax could also be payable in relation to an Interest held on trust, for 
example, on the death of a beneficiary of an interest in possession trust or, in the case of a discretionary trust, the 
distribution of all or any part of an Interest from the trust or on the trust's ten year anniversaiies. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038913 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185097 
EFTA01354319

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354320.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Cede." Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
FATCA and other International disclosure regimes. 
Foreign account tax compliance. Under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act provisions of the Code and related 
U.S. Treasury guidance (-FATCA"). a withholding tax of 30% will be imposed in certain circumstances on (i) payments of 
certain U.S. source income (including interest and dividends) and gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition after 
December 31, 2018. of property that can produce U.S. source interest or dividends ("withholdable payments") and 
(ii) payments made after December 31.2018 (or. if later, the date on which the final U.S. Treasury regulations that define 
"foreign passthru payments' are published) by certain foreign financial institutions (such as barks, brokers, investment 
funds or certain holding companies) ("FFIs") that are "attributable" to withholdable payments ("foreign passthru 
payments"). It is uncertain at present when payments will be treated as "attributable" to withholdable payments. 
The United Kingdom and the United States have entered into a Model 1 intergovernmental agreement (the "U.S. !GA') 
relating to FATCA and the United Kingdom has brought into law regulations to implement the provisions of the U.S. IGA 
(such regulations and any future implementing laws, rules or regulations, the 'UK FATCA Legislation"). The Fund will 
be required to comply with the UK FATCA Legislation, which will require the Fund to undertake certain verification, due 
diligence and other procedures and to report to HMRC certain information about the Fund's Investors and certain U.S. 
persons that indirectly hold an interest in the Fund through a non-U.S. Investor. HMRC will provide this information to the 
IRS. So long as the Fund complies with the UK FATCA Legislation, FATCA withholding generally will not be imposed on 
payments made to the Fund, or on an Investor's share (whether or not distributed) of such payments, except in each 
case with respect to an Investor that (i) does not certify its FATCA status to the Fund, (ii) is an FFI that has not entered 
into an agreement with the United States to comply with FATCA and is not subject to similar requirements under 
applicable non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an intergovernmental agreement, or (iii) is a non-U.S. entity that is 
not an FFI and has not identified (when so required) any 'substantial' U.S. owners (generally, any specified U.S. person 
that directly or indirectly owns more than a specified percentage of such entity) and, in each case, that does not 
otherwise establish an exemption from FATCA withholding (any Investor described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, a 
"Noncompliant Investor). 
Under the Fund Partnership Agreement, an Investor will be required to provide such information and documentation and 
comply with such procedures as are required for the Fund or any related entity to comply with any requirements relating 
to FATCA, including the U.S. IGA, the UK FATCA Legislation, and any other non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an 
intergovernmental agreement. The failure of an Investor to comply with these requirements may result in adverse 
consequences to such Investor pursuant to the Fund Partnership Agreement, including, possibly, the transfer of such 
Investor's interest in the Fund to a person selected by the General Partner for whatever consideration could be obtained 
for such interest. 
FATCA may also apply to certain non-U.S. entities held by or affiliated with the Fund. 
Although the application of FATCA to a sale or other disposition of an Interest is unclear, it is possible that the gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition by a Noncompliant Investor of an Interest may be subject to tax under 
FATCA 
Each Investor should consult its own tax adviser regarding the application of FATCA to an investment in the Fund. 
Common Reporting Standard and other international disclosure regimes. In addition to FATCA, the Fund will be 
subject to reporting regimes implemented by jurisdictions outside of the United States (including the United Kingdom). 
Such reporting regimes will include the OECD's Common Reporting Standard on the Automatic Exchange of Tax 
Information regarding mandatory automatic exchange of tax information. Such reporting regimes may require the Fund 
to report to an applicable government authority information about (i) each Investor in the Fund, (ii) certain persons that 
indirectly hold, or who control, an interest in the Fund through an Investor, and (iii) account information regarding such 
persons. An Investor will be required to provide the General Partner with any tax documentation or other information as 
required for the Fund to comply with any such reporting regimes. 
Certain other tax considerations 
The Fund may be subject to withholding and other taxes imposed by, and Investors may be subject to taxation and 
reporting requirements in, the jurisdictions of the Fund's activities or investments. Tax conventions between such 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038914 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185098 
EFTA01354320

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354321.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354321.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
countries and the jurisdiction in which an Investor is a resident may reduce or eliminate certain of these taxes Taxable 
Investors may be entitled to claim foreign tax credits or deductions with respect to such taxes, subject to applicable 
limitations.
Withholding taxes 
The Fund will withhold and pay over any withholding taxes required to be withheld with respect to any Investor and will 
treat such withholding as a payment to such Investor. Such payment will be treated as a distribution to the extent that 
the Investor is then entitled to receive a cash distribution. To the extent that such payment exceeds the amount of any 
cash distribution to which such Investor is then entitled, such Investor shall be required to make prompt payment to the 
Fund. Similar provisions would apply in the case of taxes withheld from a distribution to the Fund. 
Certain tax considerations for alternative investment vehicles 
The foregoing discussion generally does not address the tax consequences of an investment made through an 
alternative investment vehicle The tax consequences in the case of an alternative investment vehicle may be different 
from those described above. Each Investor is urged to consult its own tax adviser regarding an investment in an 
alternative investment vehicle 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038915 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185099 
EFTA01354321

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354322.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354322.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038916 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185100 
EFTA01354322

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354323.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendices 
Confidential Prrvate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038917 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185101 
EFTA01354323

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354324.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354324.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
NOTICES TO CERTAIN INVESTORS 
The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. This Memorandum does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer to sell or the solicitation 
of an offer to buy Interests to any person in any jurisdiction to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of any Investor to satisfy itself as to full compliance with the applicable laws and 
regulations of any relevant jurisdiction in connection with the acquisition. holding and disposition of an Interest. including 
obtaining any governmental or other consent and observing any other formality prescribed in such junsdiction. This 
Memorandum does not constitute an offer of the Interests to the public and no action has been or will be taken to permit 
a public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that purpose. This Memorandum may not be 
distributed in any jurisdiction except in accordance with the legal requirements applicable in such jurisdiction. 
To the extent any of the confidentiality provisions contained in some legends below impose greater confidentiality 
restrictions than those already imposed herein, such additional confidentiality provisions shall be interpreted to apply only 
to the extent that such provisions are reasonably necessary to comply with the securities laws of the applicable 
jurisdiction. In the event that the legend below applicable to an investor or prospective investor does not contain any 
specific confidentiality provision, such investor or prospective investor may not reproduce or distribute this Memorandum 
or any materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the Interests, in whole or in part, or disclose 
any of their contents. where such disclosure would violate the securities laws of the applicable jurisdiction. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
For the purposes of the AIFMD. the Fund will constitute an EU AIF whose AIFM is the Manager, itself an EU AIF M. 
Except as provided below in respect of the specific member states listed, this Memorandum and any other documents or 
materials related to the offer or sale. or invitation for subscription or purchase. of the Interests. shall only be distributed to 
prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member state of the European Economic Area that 
are 'professional investors". For these purposes, a -professional investor' is a person who is considered to be a 
professional client or who may. on request. be treated as a professional client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 
2004/39/EC. 
Denmark 
This Memorandum may only be distributed and marketing may only take place (in Denmark) if the AIF has been 
passported into Denmark under the applicable provisions of AIFMD. 
Finland 
The Interests will be offered in Finland exclusively to investors qualifying as 'professional clients" (Fi: ammattimainen 
asiakas) as defined in the Finnish Act on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Fi: laki vaihtoehtorahastojen hoitejista, 
162/2014, as amended, the "AFMA). Accordingly, prospective investors should acknowledge that this Memorandum is 
not a prospectus within the meaning set forth in the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Fi: 
anmpaperimarkkinalekr 
746/2012. as amended, the "SMA"). The Fund has been notified for marketing to professional clients in Finland to the 
Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Fi: Finanssivalvonta, the 'FIN-FSA") in accordance with the AMA. If the 
Interests were to be construed as "securities' as defined in the SMA. based on the exemptions set forth in the SMA. the 
offering of the Interests would be exempted from the prospectus requirements of the SMA. Prospective investors should 
also note that neither the Manager nor any of its affiliates is an investment firm (Fi: sijoituspelveluyritys) as meant in the 
Finnish Investment Services Act (Fi: sijoituspalvelulaki. 747/2012. as amended) and they are not subject to the 
supervision of the FIN-FSA. This Memorandum has been prepared for private information purposes only and it may not 
be used for, and shall not be deemed, a public offering of the Interests. This Memorandum is strictly for private use by its 
holder and may not be passed on to third parties or otherwise distributed publicly. 
Germany 
The Interests may be marketed in Germany to professional investors (as defined above in the LEA standard securities 
legend) as well as to "semi-professional investors' but not to 'private investors" (each as defined in the German Capital 
Confidential Prorate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038918 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185102 
EFTA01354324

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354325.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Investment Act (Kaprtatan/agegesetzbuch)) 
The Netherlands 
The Interests in the Fund described in this Memorandum will not, directly or indirectly, be offered, sold, transferred or 
delivered in the Netherlands, except to or by individuals or entities that are professional investors (professionele 
beteggers) within the meaning of Article 1.1 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht (or 
"Wft")). 
Neither the Manager (beheerder) nor the Fund are subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for fund 
managers or investment institutions contained in the Wft, but the Manager is subject to the regulatory requirements 
pursuant to the rules and regulations of its home state. 
Sweden 
This Memorandum has not been nor will it be registered with or approved by Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authonty). Accordingly, this Memorandum may not be made available. nor may the Interests in the Fund 
offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in Sweden, other than under circumstances which are deemed not to 
require a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (1991:980) (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel 
med finansiella instrument). The Manager is marketing Interests in the Fund in Sweden on the basis of the passport 
regime under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). This Memorandum 
will not be made available, nor will the Interests in the Fund offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in 
Sweden, to investors not qualifying as professional investors under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative 
Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). 
United Kingdom 
The Fund is an AIF for the purposes of the UK Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013. as amended 
(the 'AIFMD Regulations"). The Manager is a full-scope UK AIFM for the purposes of the AIFMD Regulations and is 
regulated by the FCA for this purpose. 
Accordingly, the marketing of the Fund to prospective investors in the United Kingdom by or on behalf of the Manager is 
prohibited unless carried on in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
The marketing of the Fund to professional investors in the United Kingdom by the Manager has been approved by the 
FCA in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
This Memorandum is not an approved prospectus for the purposes of Section 85 of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ('FSMA'). 
AUSTRALIA 
The Interests are only being offered in circumstances under which no disclosure is required under the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth) (the 'Corporations Act"). My offer of the Interests does not purport to be an offer of the Interests in 
circumstances under which disclosure is required under the Corporations Act and will only be made to persons who 
qualify as a 'wholesale client'. a 'sophisticated investor or a 'professional investor (in each case, as defined in the 
Corporations Act). The Fund is not required to be registered in Australia as a managed investment scheme. This 
Memorandum will not be. and is not required to be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
Any offer will be made. and any financial services in connection with the interests will be provided. in Australia by THE 
Manager or its representatives. The Manager is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services 
license in respect of the financial services being provided by it. The Manager is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority under United Kingdom laws, which differ from Australian laws. 
BAHRAIN 
This Memorandum has not been reviewed by, registered with or filed with the Central Bank of Bahrain. 
This 
Memorandum may not be circulated within the Kingdom of Bahrain. the Interests may not be offered for subscription or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and no invitation or offer to subscribe for the Interests may be made, to persons in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain. The Central Bank of Bahrain is not responsible for the performance of the Fund or its sponsor. 
Conlidentral Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038919 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185103 
EFTA01354325

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354326.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
BRAZIL 
This offering is not a public offering of securities for the purposes of the applicable Brazilian regulations and has 
therefore not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission (Comisseo de Valores Mobiherbs) 
or any other government authority in Brazil. All information contained herein is confidential and is for the exclusive use 
and review of the intended addressee of this Memorandum, and may not be passed on to any third party. 
BRUNEI 
This Memorandum is a private placement memorandum and. as such, it is not and shall not be construed as an offer to 
sell or an 'Station or solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for any Interests to the public or any class or section 
thereof in Brunei Darussalam and is for information purposes only. This Memorandum, and any other document, 
circular. notice or other materials issued in connection therewith. shall not be distributed or redistributed, published or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, to, and shall not be relied upon or used by. the public or any member of the public in 
Brunei Darussalam. All offers, acceptances subscriptions, sales. and allotments of the Interests or any part thereof shall 
be made outside Brunei Darussalam. This Memorandum and the Interests have not been delivered to. registered with. 
or licensed or approved by the Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. the authority designated under the Securities 
Markets Order. 2O13 or by any other government agency, or under any other law, in Brunei Darussalam. Nothing in this 
Memorandum shall constitute legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. The recipient should independently evaluate 
any specific investment in consultation with professional advisors in law. tax, accounting and investments. 
CANADA 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a Limited Partner with remedies for 
rescission or damages if the offering memorandum (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the Limited Partner within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province or territory. The Limited Partner should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal adviser. The Interests may be sold only to Limited Partners purchasing. or deemed to be 
purchasing, the Interests as a principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 733(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements. Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. My resale of 
the securities must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to. the prospectus 
requirements of applicable Canadian provincial securities laws. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Interests. 
CHILE 
Neither the Fund nor the Interests are registered in the Registry of Offshore Securities (el Registry de Valores 
Extrarryeros) or subject to the supervision of the Securities and Insurance Supervisory Authority of Chile (la 
Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile). This Memorandum and other offering materials relating to the offer of 
the Interests do not constitute a public offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the Interests in the Republic 
of Chile. other than to individually identified Investors pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of Article 4 of the 
Chilean Securities Act Oa Ley del Mercado de Vebres) (an offer that is not 'addressed to the public at large or to a 
certain sector or specific group of the public"). 
CHINA 
This Memorandum does not constitute a public offer of the Interests. whether by way of sale or subscription in the 
People's Republic of China (the "PRC"). Restrictions exist on the offering, distribution, transfer and resale of the 
Interests within the PRC. and the Interests may not be offered, distributed or resold to the public in the PRC. or for the 
benefit of legal or natural persons in the PRC. without compliance with PRC law or prior approval from the PRC 
regulatory authorities. For the purposes of this paragraph, the PRC does not include Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. 
COLOMBIA 
This Memorandum does not constitute an invitation to invest or a public otter in the Republic of Colombia and is not 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038920 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185104 
EFTA01354326

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354327.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354327.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
governed by Colombian law. The Interests have not been and will not be registered with the National Register of 
Securities and Issuers (e/ Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) maintained by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Colombia (fa Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) and will not be listed on the Colombian Stock Exchange 
(la Boise de Valores de Colombia). The Interests are being offered under circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering of securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. The offer of the Interests is addressed 
to fewer than one hundred specifically identified investors. Accordingly, the Interests may not be marketed, offered, sold 
or negotiated in Colombia. except under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under 
applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. This Memorandum is provided at the request of the addressee for 
information purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. The Interests may not be promoted or marketed in 
Colombia or to Colombian residents unless such promotion and marketing is carried out in compliance with Decree 2555 
of 2010 and other applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of foreign financial and securities related 
products or services in Colombia. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge that the Interests (i) are not financial products. (ii) are transferable only in 
accordance with the terms of the Fund's constitutional documents and (ii) do not offer any principal protection. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge Colombian laws and regulations (in particular, foreign exchange, securities 
and tax regulations) applicable to any transaction or investment consummated in connection with an investment in the 
Fund, and represent that they are the sole liable party for full compliance with any such laws and regulations. In addition. 
Colombian investors acknowledge and agree that the Fund will not have any responsibility, liability or obligation in 
connection with any consent, approval, filing, proceeding, authorization or permission required by the investor or any 
actions taken or to be taken by the investor in connection with the offer, sale or delivery of the Interests under Colombian 
law. 
DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum, the offering and the Interests relate to the Fund. which is a foreign investment fund. The Fund is 
not subject to any form of regulation by the Dubai International Financial Centre (the -DIFC") or the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the -DFSA"). None of the Fund, this Memorandum, the offering or the Interests have been approved. 
registered, recognized or licensed by the DIFC or the DFSA. 
Neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has any responsibility for reviewing or verifying this Memorandum or any other 
memorandum, downent or information relating to the Fund. Accordingly, neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has approved 
this Memorandum or any other related document or taken any steps to verify the information set out in this Memorandum 
and has no responsibility for it. 
The Interests may be illiquid and subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the Interests should 
conduct their own due diligence on the Interests. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
This Memorandum is intended only for prospective investors who: (a) are Professional Clients' for the purposes of, and 
as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook and (b) can make a mirimum subscription of at least USS50.000 as specified in the 
DIFC Collective Investment Law and the DIFC Collective Investment Rules, and must not therefore be delivered to, or 
relied on by (i) a potential investor who is a 'Retail Client' for the purposes of, and as defined in. the DFSA Rulebook, or 
(ii) a Professional Client not able to make such minimum subscription. 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038921 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185105 
EFTA01354327

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354328.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
GUERNSEY 
This Memorandum has not been approved or authorized by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission (the 
"Commission) or the States of Guernsey Policy Council, nor has it been delivered to the Commission pursuant to the 
Prospectus Rules 2008 issued under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law. 1987. and therefore this 
Memorandum may not be circulated by way of pubic offer in the Bailiwick of Guernsey. 
HAITI 
This Memorandum is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this Memorandum is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests is being made in Haiti and no agreement relating to the sale 
of the Interests will be concluded in Haiti. 
HONG KONG 
This confidential Memorandum has not been approved by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of this Memorandum or any other 
document other than to 'professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the 
Laws of Hong Kong) or in other circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public for the purposes of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
This Memorandum is delivered only to the intended recipient thereof solely for the purpose of evaluating a possible 
investment in the Fund, and may not be used, copied, reproduced or distributed, in whole or in part, to any other person 
(other than professional advisers of such recipient). Subscriptions will not be accepted from any person other than the 
person to whom this Memorandum has been delivered. 
ISRAEL 
This Memorandum shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Interests in the State of 
Israel. This Memorandum is not intended to be issued to persons other than to individuals and/or corporations of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of. and the First Schedule to. the Israeli Securities Law. 1968. as amended from 
time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the 'Israeli Securities Law". 
In making an investment decision, Limited Partners mist rely on their own examination of the Fund and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. The Interests have not been recommended by the Israeli Securities 
Authority or the regulatory authority of any other jurisdiction. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed 
the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. For the avoidance of any doubt no investment advice is 
being given to the Limited Partners by the Fund or its representatives under the Israeli Investment Advising, Investment 
Marketing and Investment Portfolio Management Law, 1995 (the -Israel) Investment Advising Law). In marketing, the 
personal circumstances, investment objectives and requirements of a Limited Partner have not and will not be 
considered. The Fund and its representatives are not licensed under the laws of the State of Israel as investment 
adviser or investment marketer. 
The offer and sale of the Interests will not be registered under the Israeli Securities Law. Prior to the purchase of any 
Interests. a prospective investor may be required to represent to the Fund that it is an individual and/or corporation of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the Israeli Securities Law, or may otherwise be 
required to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Fund that the offer and sale of Interests to such prospective investor 
would not give rise to circumstances which would constitute an offer or sale to the public within the meaning of the Israeli 
Securities Law. 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as legal, tax. financial or investment advice. 
Each prospective investor should consult its own professional advisers as to the legal, tax. financial or other matters 
relevant to the suitability of an investment by such prospective investor in the Fund. The Interests are subject to 
restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except in accordance with the requirements 
and conditions set forth in this Memorandum. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to bear the 
financial risks of their investment for an extended period of time. 
JAPAN 
No registration pursuant to article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the 'FIEL") 
Conlidennal Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038922 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185108 
EFTA01354328

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354329.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
has been made or will be made with respect to the solicitation of the application for the acquisition of the Interests, on the 
grounds that the Interests are securities set forth in article 2, paragraph 2, item 6 of the FIEL and the small number 
private placement exemption for such securities applies to such solicitation since it does not fall under the category set 
forth in article 2. paragraph 3. item 3 of the FIEL. 
No Interests shall be sold in Japan unless at least one qualified institutional investor (a -01r) as defined in article 2, 
paragraph 3. item 1 of the FIEL and article 10 of the cabinet order regarding definitions under article 2 of the FIEL 
acquires the Interests. No Interest shall be sold to, or held by, persons other than (i) Oils or (in persons listed in article 
17-12, paragraph 1 of the Order for Enforcement of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law ('Qualified 
The number of Qualified Non-Oils in Japan shall not exceed 49. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any person set 
forth in article 63, paragraph 1, item 1, sub-items (i) to (iii) of the FIEL. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any 
person where a sale or a transfer of Interests to the person triggers article 234-2, paragraph 2. item 1 or 2 of the Cabinet 
Office Ordinance regarding Financial Instruments Business, etc., whereby the General Partner of the Fund is unable to 
rely on the exemption set forth in article 63 of the FIEL. 
No transfer of the Interests acquired by a QV may be made to persons other than Gills. No transfer of the Interests 
acquired by a Qualified Non-OIl in Japan may be made except for the transfer by such person of its entire Interests to 
only one person. 
The General Partner has an intention to rely on the exemption of Specially Permitted Businesses for Qualified 
Institutional Investors. etc. set forth in article 63 of the FIEL (so-called, the "Oil-targeted fund exemption"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may withdraw the QII-targeted fund exemption any time, and may 
rely on other available exemptions under the FIEL. 
This Memorandum is confidential and is intended solely for the use of its recipient. Any duplication or redistribution of 
this Memorandum is prohibited. The recipient of this Memorandum, by accepting delivery thereof, agrees to return it and 
all related documents to the Fund or its placement agent if the recipient elects not to purchase any of the Interests 
offered hereby or if requested earlier by the Fund or its placement agent. Neither the return of the principal amount 
invested nor the distribution of profit from the investment is guaranteed. An investment in the Interests involves certain 
risks of loss caused by fluctuation of interest rates, currency and other market factors, or the credit risk of the 
counterparties or relevant parties thereof. Prospective investors should read the terms of the investment carefully, in 
particular those relating to limitations on the period in which rights relating to such investment may be exercised. 
In Japan. this Memorandum is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) Limited (-CSJL'), a registered Financial 
Instruments Firm (Director-General of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 66). CSJL is a member of Japan 
Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association and 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
KUWAIT 
This Memorandum Is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The Interests have not been licensed for 
offering in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other relevant Kuwaiti government agency. 
The offering of the Interests In Kuwait on the basis a private placement or public offering is, therefore, restricted 
In accordance with Law No. 7 o12010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended). No private or public offering of the 
Interests is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of the Interests will be concluded in 
Kuwait. No marketing, solicitation or inducement activities are being used to offer or market the interests in 
Kuwait. 
MEXICO 
Any prospective Investor must be either an institutional investor (inversionista institutional) or a qualified investor 
(inversionista caliticado) within the meaning of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores) (the 
-Securities Market law") and other applicable Mexican laws in effect. 
The Interests have not and will not be registered in the National Registry of Securities (Registro Nacional de Valonss) 
maintained by the Mexican Banking and Securities Commission (Cornish:in Nacional Bancaria y de Valores). The 
Interests may not be offered or sold in the United Mexican States by any means except in circumstances which 
constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its regSations. No Mexican regulatory 
authority has approved or disapproved the Interests or passed on the solvency of the Fund. All applicable provisions of 
the Securities Market Law must be complied with in respect of any sale, offer or distribution of, or intermediation in 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038923 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185107 
EFTA01354329

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354330.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354330.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
respect of, the Interests in, from or otherwise involving Mexico. and any resale of the Interests within Mexican territory 
must be made in a manner that will constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its 
regulations. 
MONACO 
The recipient acknowledges having full command of English and waives all claims on grounds of language 
misunderstanding in this document. 
Le destineteire du present document reconnair avoir une parfaits maitrise de lenglais et renonce a tout recours Londe 
sur one mauvaise comprehension de la langue utilisee dans ce document. 
NEW ZEALAND 
The Manager does not intend that the Interests be offered for sale or subscription under a regulated offer in New Zealand 
in terms of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (or any statutory modification or re•enactment of. or 
statutory substitution for, that Act) CFMC Act'). Accordingly: 
(i) 
no product disclosure statement has been prepared or will be registered; and 
(ii) 
the Interests have not been and may not be offered or sold to any person in New Zealand other than 
"wholesale investors' as that term is defined in clause 3(2) of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act, being a 
person that: 
(a) 
is an Investment business": 
(b) 
meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act 
(c) 
is large': or 
(d) 
is a government agency. 
in each case, as defined in Schedule 1 of the FMC Act. 
No action has been taken by the Manager which would permit an offer of the Interests. or possession or distribution of 
any offering material, to any person other than as specified in (ii)(a) through (d) above. No Investor shall directly or 
indirectly offer, sell or deliver any Interests, or distribute this Memorandum or any advertisement in relation to any offer of 
the Interests. in New Zealand, other than to persons specified in (ii)(a) through (d) above. 
OMAN 
The information contained in this Memorandum is confidential and for your information only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of action. You should consult with an appropriate 
professional for specific advice rendered on the basis of your situation. This Memorandum neither constitutes an offer of 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4174 
as amended) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98 as amended), nor does it constitute the marketing 
of non-Oman securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market 
Law (issued pursuant to Decision No. 1/2009) (the 'Executive Regulations"). The Interests have not and will not be listed 
on any stock exchange in the Sultanate of Oman. The Manager is not a licensed broker, dealer, financial adviser or 
investment adviser licensed under the laws applicable in the Sultanate of Oman, and, as such, does not advise potential 
investors in the Sultanate of Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in or purchasing or selling securities or other 
financial products. Additionally, this Memorandum is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever 
nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman and is not intended to constitute legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice in, or in respect of, the Sultanate of Oman. The recipient of this Memorandum acknowledges and 
agrees that neither this Memorandum nor the Fund has been registered or approved by the Central Bank of Oman. the 
Oman Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the Sultanate of 
Oman. nor is the Manager authorized or licensed by the Central Bank of Oman, the Oman Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the Sultanate of Oman, to market or sell the 
interests in the Fund within the Sultanate of Oman. Further, the recipient of this Memorandum represents that it is a 
sophisticated investor (as described in Article 139 (f) of the Executive Regulations) and has such experience in business 
ConWenner Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038924 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185108 
EFTA01354330

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354331.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in securities. 
PERU 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered in Peru under Decreto Legislativo 862: Ley de Fondos de 
InversiOn y sus Sociedades Administradores or under Decreto Legislativo 861: Ley del Mercado de Vellums (the 
"Securities Market Law"), and are being offered to institutional investors only (as defined in article 8 of the Securities 
Market Law) pursuant to a private placement, according to article 5 of the Securities Market Law. The Interests have not 
been registered in the securities market public registry (Registro POblico del Mercado de Va!ores) maintained by. and the 
offering of the Interests in Peru is not subject to the supervision of, the Superintendencia del Mercado de Valor's. Any 
transfers of the Interests shall be subject to the limitations contained in the Securities Market Law and the regulations 
issued thereunder. 
QATAR AND THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE 
This Memorandum is provided on an exclusive basis to the specifically intended recipient thereof, upon such recipient's 
request and initiative, and for such recipient's personal use only. 
Nothing in this Memorandum constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall be treated as constituting or shall be deemed to 
constitute, any offer or sale of securities in the State of Qatar or in the Qatar Financial Centre, or the inward marketing of 
an investment kind or an attempt to do business, as a bank. an investment company or otherwise in the State of Qatar or 
in the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor the Interests have been approved. registered or licensed by the Qatar Central Bank, the 
Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority or any other regulator in the State of 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor any related documents have been reviewed or approved by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Central Sank. 
Recourse against the Fund. and those involved with it, may be limited or difficult and may have to be pursued in a 
jurisdiction outside Qatar and the Qatar Financial Centre. 
My distribution of this Memorandum by the recipient to third parties in Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre in breach of 
the terms hereof is not authorized and shall be at the liability of such recipient. 
SAUDI ARABIA 
This Memorandum may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under 
the Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority (the -CMA'). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Memorandum, and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any pad of this Memorandum. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the Interests. If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
SINGAPORE 
This Memorandum has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this 
Memorandum and any other documents or materials in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for the subscription 
for or purchase, of the Interests, may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Interests be offered or sold, or be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase. whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor pursuant to Section 3O4 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore (the *SFA'), or (ii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
SOUTH KOREA 
This Memorandum is being provided in response to the specific request of the recipient, and should not be construed in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038925 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185109 
EFTA01354331

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354332.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354332.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
any way as the Fund (or any of its affiliates or agents) soliciting investment or offering to sell the Interests. The Fund 
makes no representation with respect to the eligibility of any recipients of this Memorandum to acquire the Interests 
under the laws of Korea. including, without limitation, the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law and Regulations 
thereunder. The Interests have not been registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea (the "FSC') in 
Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea. and the Interests may not be offered. 
sold or delivered, or offered or sold to any person for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident 
of Korea except pursuant to applicable laws and regulations of Korea. Furthermore, the Interests may not be resold to 
Korean residents unless Investor complies with all applicable regulatory requirements (including, without limitation, 
governmental approval requirements under the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law and its subordinate decrees and 
regulations) in connection with the purchase of the Interests. 
ST. KITTS AND NEVIS 
This Memorandum does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Memorandum has not been 
reviewed by the Securities Commission or the Financial Services Regulatory Commission in St. Kitts and Nevis. No 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the 
merits of the offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any regulatory authority in St. Kitts and 
Nevis. Each investor should consult his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for advice on the various 
legal, tax or economic matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund. There is risk involved in investing, with the 
ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire investment. 
SWITZERLAND 
The Interests shall be distributed in Switzerland exclusively to qualified investors as defined by Article 10 § 3 of the 
Collective Investment Scheme Act 2006. as amended (CISA-) and Article 6 of the Collective Investment Scheme 
Ordinance 2006, as amended ('MG) (Qualified Investors). The Fund has not been and will not be registered with the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ('FINMA"). 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA. 6 Cours de Rive. CH-1204 Geneva (the 
"Representative"). The offering documents. Fund Documents and audited financial statements can be obtained tree of 
charge from the Representative. The place of performance for the Interests offered or distributed in or from Switzerland 
is the registered office of the Representative. The courts of the canton of Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any 
disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute related to the distribution of Interests in and from 
Switzerland shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantons* de Geneve. 17 Quai de I'lle. CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the 
'Paying Agent'). Interests may be subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying Agent. A handling commission will be 
charged by the Paying Agent. If a subscription or redemption is made through the Paying Agent, instructions and money 
must be received by the paying agent at least 24 hours before the appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
The fees and expenses associated with the representation, paying agency and other distribution items may be charged 
to the Fund. As applicable, the actual amount of such fees and expenses will be disclosed in the audited financial 
statements. 
In distributing the Interests in Switzerland, the General Partner is authorized to pass on distnbution fees to the 
distributors and sales partners listed below: 
• 
distributors subject to authorization as defined in Article 19 al. 1 of the CISA (Swiss or foreign distributors 
regulated in their home jurisdiction); 
• 
distributors that are not required to obtain an authorization as defined under Article 19 al 1 of the CISA and 
article 8 of CISO (financial intermediaries regulated by FINMA. banks, insurance companies, fund managers, 
representatives; 
• 
Sales partners who place Interests in the Fund with their customers exclusively through a written commission-
based investment management or advisory mandate (e.g., independent asset managers or advisors). 
When a retrocession payment may give rise to a conflict of interest, the recipient of the retrocession must ensure 
transparent disclosure and inform investors, unsolicited and free of charge, of the amount of retrocession it may receive 
for distribution. Upon request, the recipient must disclose the actual amount of retrocession received for distributing the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038926 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185110 
EFTA01354332

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354333.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354333.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Fund to the investor requinng information. 
The General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates to Limited Partners (including Limited Partners domiciled in 
Switzerland). The purpose of a rebate is to reduce the fees or costs incurred by a Limited Partner that is granted such 
rebate. Rebates are permitted provided that (a) such rebates (i) are paid from management fees and do not represent 
an additional charge on the assets of the Fund and (ii) are granted on the basis of objective criteria and (b) all Limited 
Partners in Switzerland who meet the applicable objective criteria and demand rebates are also granted the relevant 
rebate within the same timeframe and to the same extent. See Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions for a 
description of how the General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates by way of a Side Letter. 
TAIWAN 
The offering, distribution and resale of the Interests have not been approved by or registered with the Taiwan Financial 
Supervisory Commission and thus the Interests cannot be offered, distributed or resold in Taiwan. Private placement of 
the Interests may only be made subject to restrictions under Taiwan laws. 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum and the Interests relate to the Fund, which is a foreign investment fund. The Fund is not subject 
to any form of regulation by the Central Bank of the United Nab Emirates (the 'UAE"). the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the 'SCA') or any other authority in the UAE (collectively, the *UAE Regulatory Authorities"). 
The Fund is not registered or licensed by any of the UAE Regulatory Authorities, and no approval has been received 
from any of the UAE Regulatory Authorities to market. offer or sell the Interests in the UAE. 
None of the UAE Regulatory Authorities has any responsibility in respect of this Memorandum and, accordingly, none of 
the UAE Regulatory Authorities has approved this Memorandum, taken any steps to verify the information set out herein 
or has any responsibility for it. In particular, this Memorandum has not been approved pursuant to SCA Board of 
Directors' Chairman Decision No. (91R.M) of 2016 Concerning the Regulations as to Mutual Funds and the Chairman of 
the SCA Board of Directors Decision No. 3/R.M. of 2017 Concerning the Organization of Promotion and Introduction 
issued by the SCA 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a public offer of securities under applicable laws of the UAE and the 
Interests will not be admitted to trading on any stock exchange in the UAE. The Interests may not be offered or sold 
directly or indirectly to the public in the UAE. 
No sale or subscription for any financial products or services will be consummated within the UAE pursuant to this 
Memorandum, other than a sale or subscription to: 
0) 
investment funds owned by federal or local government entities in the UAE: or 
(II) 
where the Investor has itself solicited information with respect to the Fund and expressed an interest in 
making an offer to purchase the Interests, which is not based on promotion by the Fund or any related 
party thereto. 
The entity conducting the private placement of the Interests is not licensed as a financial consultant, investment 
company, fund manager, broker. dealer or advisor under applicable laws of the UAE. and it does not advise individuals 
resident in the UAE as to the appropriateness of investing in, purchasing or selling any financial product. 
Nothing contained in this Memorandum is intended to constitute UAE investment, legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice. 
This Memorandum is for the information of prospective investors only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of action. Prospective investors should seek 
appropriate professional advice. The offering. the Interests, the Fund and this Memorandum are subject to any changes 
in the laws of the UAE. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
In making an investment decision prospective must rely on their own examination of the issuer and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038927 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185111 
EFTA01354333

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354334.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or slate securities commission or regulatory authority. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this 
Memorandum. My representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any state or other securities laws or 
the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in the 
United States only to qualifying recipients of this Memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D thereof and any applicable regulations 
promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws of the states and other jurisdictions where 
the offering will be made. 
The Interests are being sold for investment only and are subject to restrictions on 
transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement 
and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption 
therefrom. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act. Consequently. Investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. 
There will be no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation on the part of any person to register the 
Interests under the Securities Act. 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038928 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185112 
EFTA01354334

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354335.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354335.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
(A) 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NOT NATURAL PERSONS 
Each prospective investor in the Fund that is not a natural person (e.g.. a body corporate or a partnership) should 
provide the notice below - (8) Notice to Investors that are Natural Persons - to each individual that will be required to 
provide personal data in connection with such prospective investor's investment in the Fund. For example, ultimate 
beneficial owners. officers or other authorized signatories. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Glendower Capital. LLP assuming responsibility as the "data controller on behalf of the 
Fund, does not relieve any prospective investor that is a non-natural person from its duties and obligations in respect of 
personal data provided. 
(B) 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NATURAL PERSONS 
This notice is being provided to explain how any personal data that is provided in connection an investment in the Fund 
by a natural person will be treated. 
Glendower Capital. LLP (the 'Data Controller') will be the 'data controller' for any personal information provided to the 
Manager, the General Partner or their respective Affiliates or service providers in connection with an investment in the 
Fund. Contact details for the Data Controller are at the end of this Privacy Notice. 
The personal data which will be processed by the Data Controter may include name, home address, email address, 
phone number, proof of ID (such as passport and driving licence details), tax identifier, information on your investment 
history and experience and details of your bank account. Access to your personal data is required in connection with an 
investment in the Fund for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to, (i) in connection with applicable know your 
client,' anti-money laundering laws and regulations and other applicable laws and regulations, (ii) in order for the 
Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator to communicate with you during the life of the Fund and 
(iii) your bank account details in order to make distributions. 
In connection with the management and operation of the Fund, it will become necessary for the Data Controller to share 
your data with other entities in order to effect and administer your investment in the Fund. These entities include, but are 
not limited to, the Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator (currently, Gen II Fund Services. LLC), the 
Fund's depositary (currently, Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited), any bank with which the Fund enters into a 
subscription line facility (currently, it is expected that Lloyds Bank plc. will be the arranger of such a facility), the Fund's 
professional advisers (such as Debevoise & Plimpton LLP) and the Fund's auditor. In addition, certain Limited Partners 
may request contact information for the other Limited Partners (or a subset thereof). Unless compelled by law or 
regulation, the Data Controller will not share you' contact details with other Limited Partners without your consent. 
While the Fund will initially receive and store your personal data in the United Kingdom, it may be necessary for the Fund 
or third parties to transfer this data outside of the European Economic Area, including to the United States of America. In 
some cases, your data may be transferred to jurisdictions outside of the EEA that do not have equivalent data protection 
frameworks to those inside the EEA. This includes the United States of America and the Cayman Islands. 
Your personal data will only be retained for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as 
reasonably determined by the Data Controller. The Data Controller is unable to state at the outset how long that period 
will be: it will be at least for the period you remain a Limited Partner and may extend beyond this period where necessary 
for the Manager, the General Partner, the Fund or other relevant entities to comply with their respective legal and 
regulatory obligation or to facilitate the Fund's on-going administration and performance. 
After providing personal information in connection with your investment in the Fund, you will have various rights in 
respect of the information you provide. These include, your right to: 
• 
request access to your personal data: 
• 
obtain information about the use of your personal data including: (i) the purposes for which your personal data 
is being used: (ii) the categories of your personal data being used: (iii) to whom your personal data has been or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038929 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185113 
EFTA01354335

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354336.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354336.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
will be disclosed; (iv) where possible, the period for which your data will be retained; (v) your right to require 
rectification or erasure of your personal data or restrict or object to its use; (vi) your right to lodge a complaint 
with the UK Information Commissioner's Office (the 1CO") or other supervisory authority: and (vii) whether your 
data is subject to any automated decision-making including profiling; 
• 
require rectification (correction) of errors in your personal data without undue delay. 
• 
have your personal data erased without undue delay in certain circumstances including where: (i) your personal 
data is no longer needs to be processed for the purposes for which it was collected; (0) your personal data has 
been processed unlawfully; and (iii) erasure is required by applicable law; 
• 
restrict the processing of your personal data in certain situations including where: (i) you are contesting the 
accuracy of your personal data; (ii) your data is being processed unlawfully but you do not want your data 
erased; (iii) your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes for which you provided it but you require 
that data to help establish, exercise or defend legal claims; and 
• 
receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transmit that data 
to a third party. 
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please use the contact details below. 
If you wish to exercise any of these rights and the Data Controller has transferred your data to a third party, the Data 
Controller will communicate such request to each relevant third party unless it would be impossible or involve 
disproportionate effort for the Data Controller to do so. 
• 
To the extent you have any questions about the processing of your information or wish to exercise any of the rights 
referred to above, please contact Deirdre Davies at Glendower Capital. LLP at 16 Berkeley Street, London. W1J 8OZ. 
United Kingdom. 
You can also bring any issues or concerns you have regarding your personal data to the attention of the ICO which, for 
purposes of an investment in the Fund, will be the relevant supervisory authority. 
Details regarding the ICO and its powers can be found at: vhenv,IC0.org.uk.
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
100 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038930 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185114 
EFTA01354336

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354337.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354337.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering 
GENERAL ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING CONSIDERATIONS 
The Manager takes seriously its responsibility to prevent the Fund from being used for money laundering or other illicit 
purposes. To comply with anti-money laundering laws, the Manager or any designee thereof may require a detailed 
verification of the identity and residence of each Investor (and each person who holds a beneficial interest in each 
Investor) and the source of the payment of the investment. Each of the Manager or its designee reserves the right to 
request such information as it considers necessary to verify the identity of any Investor (and each person who holds a 
beneficial interest in each Investor) and may also independently obtain such information. In the event of delay or failure 
by any Investor to produce any information required for verification purposes, the Manager or its designee may refuse to 
accept such Investors subscription for an Interest, and any funds received will be returned to the account from which 
such funds were sent (unless such return is, in the judgment of the Manager or its designee, contrary to applicable law. 
regulation or the instructions of law enforcement officials, in which case the funds may be blocked or retained). If the 
Manager or its designee has a suspicion obtained in the course of business that any person is engaged in money 
laundering or other illegal activity, the Manager must. notwithstanding any obligations of confidentiality that might 
otherwise apply. report such suspicion to the appropriate authorities pursuant to applicable law. 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING LEGISLATION 
In order to comply with applicable anti-money laundering legislation, the Manager has an obligation to ask each Investor 
questions regarding its identity, address, source of funds and, if necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, 
beneficial owners or control structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, 
enhanced anti-money laundering regulations require that should any of the above personal or institutional information 
change. such clients must immediately notify the Manager of the change(s) and provide the Manager with relevant 
documentation to verify these changes. 
ECONOMIC SANCTION REGULATIONS 
Each Investor will be required to make representations and warranties to the Manager that, among other things, the 
Interests to be purchased by the Investor will not be held by, or for the benefit of. any person currently subject to UK 
sanctions, UN sanctions. EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the 
U.S. Treasury Department (collectively, the -Sanction Regulations"). The Manager and its designee may undertake 
their own efforts to verify the accuracy of any Investor's representations and warranties and, so long as an Investor holds 
an Interest, may seek to verify that neither the Investor nor any person holding a beneficial interest in the Investor is 
subject to any then-applicable Sanction Regulations. 
The Manager also may be required in the future to obtain 
additional disclosures from an Investor (and each of the beneficial owners of such Investor) to comply with the Sanction 
Regulations. If the Manager or its designee determines that an Investor or a person holding a beneficial interest in an 
Investor is subject to any of the Sanction Regulations. the Manager may be obligated by law to block and retain an 
Investor's investment. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
101 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038931 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185115 
EFTA01354337

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354338.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354338.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0USI43 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
25°  Test 
As defined in Section 9 Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations.
Administration 
Agreement 
The administrative services agreement to be entered into at or around the date of the First 
Closing, among the Administrator and the Fund. 
Advance 
An amount equal to 9999% of a Limited Partner's Commitment which may be drawn down 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund 
Advisers Act 
The U.S. Advisers Act of 1940, as amended 
AlFfilD 
The EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/6I/EU) 
Alternative Vehicle 
An alternative investment vehicle through which the Manager will have the right in connection 
with any investment. to direct the Advances of some or all of the Limited Partners to be made.
Benefit Plan Investor 
As defined in Section 9. Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
BEPS 
Base erosion and profit shifting.
Brex it 
As defined in Section 7 Risk Factors 
Carried Interest 
The distributions to the Special Limited Partner described in sub-paragraphs (in) and (iv) of 
the 'Distributions" paragraph of Section 6 Summary of Principal Terms and Conditions.
CFCs 
As defined in Section 9. Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
CFTC 
The U.S Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
Closing 
The First Closing and one or more additional closings of the Fund to admit additional 
Investors.
Code 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as amended. 
Commitment 
A Limited Partners commitment to the Fund.
Complementary Fund 
A multiple third party investor fund with investment objectives and strategies that overlap with 
the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to specific asset 
categones or strategies 
Covered Person 
CPO 
Each of the General Partner, the Manager, their respective affiliates, the Fund Advisory 
Committee members, their respective affiliates, the directors, officers, partners, members, 
employees or agents of each of them 
A -commodity pool operator' for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3).
Data Cont roller 
Glendower Capital.
Confidential Rotate Placement Memorandum 
102 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038932 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185116 
EFTA01354338

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354339.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary Agreement 
The depositary agreement, to be entered into at or around the date of the First Closing, 
among the Depositary, the Manager and the Fund. 
Deutsche Asset 
Management 
The private equity and alternatives business of Deutsche Bank. 
Deutsche Bank 
Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates. 
DOL 
U.S. Department of Labor. 
dollars, USS or $ 
U.S. dollars. 
DPI 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital. 
ECI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Eligible Investors 
Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. 
Eligible Non-U.S. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Investor 
Eligible U.S. Investor 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. EFtISA and Tax Considerations. 
ERISA 
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
EU AIF 
An 'alternative investment fund" under the AIFMD which is authorized, registered or has its 
principal place of business in a European Economic Area member state. 
Exchange Act 
FATCA 
FCA 
Feeder Fund 
The U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. as amended. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Code. 
UK Financial Conduct Authority. 
A feeder fund established by the General Partner or the Manager which will invest in the Fund 
or a Parallel Fund to accommodate the investment requirements of certain investors. 
FFI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Final Admission Date 
The last date on which investors may be admitted to the Fund. 
First Closing 
The event at which Investors are first admitted to the Fund. 
FMV 
Fair Market Value. 
foreign passthru 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERSA and Tax Considerations. 
payments 
FSMA 
The UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
103 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038933 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185117 
EFTA01354339

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354340.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Fund Advisory 
The advisory committee. comprising representatives of certain Limited Partners, established 
Committee 
by the Fred to consult with the General Partner or Manager as to potential conflicts of 
interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters 
Fund Documents 
The Fund Partnership Agreement and certain other legal documents in respect of the Fund.
Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
The amended and restated limited partnership agreement of the Fund.
Fund Secondary 
An investment interest in an established generalist and specialist private equity fund structure 
(including a funds of fund. feeder fund or other similar structure) 
Fund Sponsor 
A general partner. manager or adviser of a private equity investment fund. 
General Partner 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited. a special purpose entity established in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. 
General Partner's 
Share 
The profit share distnbuted to the General Partner by the Fund 
Glendower Capital or 
Glendower Capital. LLP. an English limited liability partnership.
Glendower 
Glendower SOF Team 
As defined in Section 1 Executive Summary. 
GP 
The general partner. manager or equivalent in respect of an underlying investment fund.
GP-led Secondary 
An investment interest in a portfolio of private equity assets on the secondary market 
Gross IRR 
Gross Internal Rate of Return 
Interest 
A limited partnership interest in the Fund.
Invested Capital 
With respect to a Limited Partner or a Feeder Fund investor, such Limited Partner's or such 
Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down Commitment (or equivalent), that is. at the date of 
determination, invested in portfolio investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) 
that the Manager has reasonably reserved for portfolio investments 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee to be established by the Manager that. inter al's. will screen and 
evaluate investment opportunities for the Fund.
Investment Company 
The U.S Investment Company Act of 1940. as amended.
Act 
Investment 
Management 
Agreement 
The investment management agreement relating to the appointment of the Manager as the 
investment manager of the Fund.
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
104 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038934 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185118 
EFTA01354340

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354341.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Investment Period 
The period from the First Closing until the end of the quarter following the earliest to occur of 
(r) the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities. or formally reserved for such purpose. and 
(ii) four years from the Final Admission Date.
Investment Platforms 
The Fund and various investment vehicles (including separate accounts) sponsored or 
advised by the Manager and its affiliates 
Investment 
(a) Prior to the Final Admission Date. an amount equal to the greater of (i) US$1.75 billion 
Restriction Base 
and (ii) the aggregate Commitments accepted as at the date of determination and 
(b) following the Final Admission Date. an amount equal to the aggregate Commitments 
Investor 
A qualified prospective investor in the Fund 
IRS 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
Key Persons 
Charles Smith. Carlo Pirzio-Biroli. Adam Graev and Chi Cheung (and their replacements). 
LIBOR 
London Interbank Offered Rate. 
Limited Partner 
A limited partner of the Fund 
LP 
An investor in an underlying fund. 
Manager 
Glendower.
Managing Partners 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith 
Memorandum 
This confidential private placement memorandum, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time.
NAV 
As defined in Appendix 5. Important Performance Information.
Net IRR 
Net Internal Rate of Return 
OECD 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development 
Offshore Fund Rules 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore Funds (Tax) 
Regulations 2009. 
As defined in Section 9- Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Operating 
Partnerships 
Parallel Fund 
Partners 
Partnership Audit 
Rules 
A parallel fund established by the General Partner or the Manager to accommodate the 
investment requirements of certain investors 
The Limited Partners together with the General Partner. 
As defined in Section 9 Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
105 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038935 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185119 
EFTA01354341

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354342.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund fV, LP 
PFICs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Push-Out Election 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
QEF 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
RVPI 
Residual value to paid-in capital. 
Sanction Regulations 
Collectively UK sanctions. UN sanctions. EU sanctions. and/or U.S. sanctions administered 
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 
SEC 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Second GP 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP). LLP, an English limited liability partnership (but 
see Section 6: Summary of Terms end Conditions for the description of the limited role of the 
Second GP). 
Securities Act 
The U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Side Letter 
A side letter or other written agreement with one or more Limited Partners which has the 
effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example, reducing the General Partners 
Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or supplementing the 
terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Single Asset Deal 
A co-investment in an individual portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund 
sponsors. 
SOF 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund (comprising SOF A. SOF B and SOF C). 
SOF A 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF B 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF C 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C. L.P.. a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF D 
OB Secondary Opportunities Fund D. L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF II 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP, a Scottish limited partnership. 
SOF III 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP, an English limited partnership. 
SOF IV or the Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP. 
SOF Business 
Deutsche Asset Management's Secondaries Opportunities Fund investment program. 
SOF Funds or the SOF 
SOF. SOF O. SOF II and SOF Ill, collectively. 
Program 
SOF Team 
As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
Special Limited 
Partner 
An affiliate of the Manager that shall receive Carried Interest. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
106 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038936 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185120 
EFTA01354342

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354343.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
Subsequent Closing 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund at a Closing subsequent to the First Closing. 
Partner 
Team Investment 
The investment in the Fund by certain individuals that are partners or employees of the 
Manager and Glendower U.S. 
Total Value 
Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date. 
TVPI or Net Multiple 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
U.S. 
The United States of America. 
U.S. Adviser 
Glendower Capital (U.S.). LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
U.S. IGA 
The Model 1 intergovernmental agreement entered into between the UK and the U.S. 
UBTI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
UK 
The United Kingdom. 
UK AIFM Regulation 
The Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013 (2013 No. 1773). 
UK FATCA Legislation 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
USRPHCs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ER/SA and Tax Considerations. 
UTR 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ESA and Tax Considerations. 
Valuation Committee 
The valuation committee established by the Manager. 
wlthholdabie 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERJSA and Tax Considerations. 
payments 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
107 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038937 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185121 
EFTA01354343

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354344.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354344.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital (DPI"): Represents aggregate distributions to investors in the S0F Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. 
Gross fund data (gross TVPI. etc.): Gross performance data reflects amounts net of the underlying investments' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses but before the SOF Funds carried interest, management fees and other 
expenses 
Gross multiple Represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by the SOF Funds. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return (*Gross IRR"): calculated as a gross return at the SOF Funds level net of the underlying 
investments' carried interest, management fees and other expenses and is based on the actual liming of cash inflows 
(regardless of whether drawdowns of limited partners were made at a later date as a result of the subscription-line 
financing) and outflows for the SOF Funds' investments and the value of the remaining investments as of the most recent 
reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value (positive or negative) of foreign currency option contracts. 
Net Asset Value r NAV1: Equals total assets minus total liabilities as of June 30, 2017 (unless provided otherwise). In 
determining the SOF Funds' NAV, the Manager values the SOF Funds' investments in good faith based on the 
reasonable judgment of the Manager taking into account available information it considers relevant, including information 
provided by the fund managers and general partners of the underlying kinds. Because of the inherent uncertainty of the 
valuation, the estimated valuation may differ significantly and materially from the value that would have been used had a 
ready market existed or had the investment been liquidated. The long-term value of the investments may be lesser or 
greater than the valuation provided. The value includes unrealized appreciation, which may or may not be realized. 
Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.): 
Net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried interest. 
management fees and other expenses. 
Net Internal Rate of Return (Net !RR): calculated as a net return and is based on the actual dates of the cash inflows 
(capital contributions), outflows (cash and in specie distributions) and the value of the remaining investments as of the 
most recent reported date (June 30, 2O17), including the fair value (positive or negative) of foreign currency option 
contracts and is calculated after the SOF Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses. 
Residual Value to Paid-In Capital (*RVPI"): Represents the value of the SOF Funds investors interest held within the 
SOF Funds relative to aggregate capital contnbutions to the SOF Funds, net of the SOF Funds' tamed interest. 
management fees and other expenses. 
Total Value: Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date. 
Total Value to Paid-In Capital ("1VPIT TVPI = DPI « RVPI 
Effects of Leverage on Gross and Net IRR: Calculations of net and gross IRRs in respect of investment and 
performance data included and/or referred to in this Memorandum are based on the payment date of capital contributions 
or advances received from limited partners. even in instances where a fund or account utilizes borrowings under a 
subscription line facility. The use of a subscription-based credit facility (or other fund-level leverage) with respect to 
investments will result in a higher reported Gross IRR and Net IRR at the fund-level than if such subscription line facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) had not been used and instead the investors' capital had been contributed at the inception 
of each such investment. This is due to the fact that calculations of Gross IRR and Net IRR are based on the period of 
time between (a) the date of limited partner contributions for a relevant investment (and not the date the investment was 
made) and (b) the date of distribution from the applicable fund or account to investors Therefore. if a subscription line 
facility is used to fund an investment, capital may be called more slowly from the limited partners to repay such 
borrowings. which would shorten the time between such contribution and distribution and consequently increase 
Gross IRR and Net IRR. 
Benchmark Analysis. My benchmarking analysis or other comparison herein of the performance of the SOF Funds 
against the performance of other investment funds pursuing direct or indirect private equity strategies (each, an "Other 
PE Fund") is qualified as follows: (i) each such Other PE Fund may employ different investment objectives or investment 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
108 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038938 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185122 
EFTA01354344

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354345.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
criteria than the SOF Funds: 
the performance information respect of each Other PE Fund is based solely on 
information available from third party sources which may not be complete or accurate; (iii) use of leverage or other 
factors may mean that the performance information herein in respect of the SOF Funds and the Other PE Funds may not 
be directly comparable; and (iv) the Other PE Funds selected herein may not necessarily to represent an appropriate 
comparison against the performance of the SOF Funds. 
General 
The performance information provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) 
Limited (DAAM(G)L') and provided to the Manager and relates to the SOF Funds and the related individual underlying 
transactions, in respect of which the Manager's investment team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers 
and/or investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. The Manager takes responsibility for its use 
of this performance information and its compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidelines, including. 
but not limited to. the Advisers Act, and in particular, Rule 204.2 thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for 
the use of such performance information by the Manager. 
The investment performance included herein is intended solely to provide recipients with information about the 
investment and operational experience of the SOF Team. Certain of the SOF Team were principally responsible for the 
investments included in such investment performance. Such investment performance information relates to investments 
made by the SOF Team while a part of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating the investment track record, recipients should note 
that the SOF Team does not include all of the investment and operations professionals that were part of Deutsche Bank. 
Except where noted. the performance information contained in this Memorandum is a combination of both actual realized 
proceeds as well as projected proceeds based on the Manager's business plans as of the date indicated. The 
information is presented for information purposes only, and is not representative of the actual returns received by an 
investor in the SOF Funds. 
The NAV and performance results provided for the SOF Funds are based on the financial information reported as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) by the GPs/managers of the underlying fund investments and are adjusted for 
contributions, distributions, and subsequent events to the extent that they have, in the opinion of the Manager, an impact 
on the fair value of the underlying fund investment. The valuations of public stocks in the portfolio have been adjusted to 
their June 30. 2017 (unless otherwise provided) trading price. 
Except where designated as -net.' the projected returns and financial information contained herein are based on the 
projected gross cash flows of the SOF Funds or the relevant deal/portfolio. Gross cash flows do not take into account 
deductions for Fund-level expenses, management and other fees, incentive distributions, or other potential expenses 
such as currency exchange costs or losses. All of these may be a significant reduction against the gross returns. 
The projected cash flows and other return and financial information in this Memorandum are based, in part, on the 
Manager's business plans as of the date indicated and take into account such factors as the Manager deems relevant as 
of the date indicated. However, changes in a number of factors, including (without limitation) global and local economic 
conditions, the financial markets crisis and interest rates may cause the actual results to vary, perhaps significantly, from 
those projected. Further, events assumed to occur may not occur, and other events may occur which were not assumed 
to occur or otherwise taken into account in preparing the data contained herein. Such events could materially and 
adversely affect the analysis. 
Moreover, the performance information set out in this Memorandum speaks only as of the date indicated; it was not 
revised to take account of events which have occurred subsequent to the date indicated and is subject to change. 
Accordingly, it may not be representative of values or the amount that may ultimately be received with respect of an 
investment. No assurance can be given as to the actual events that may occur or the appropriate assumptions to be 
applied. Information herein includes or is based upon certain Yorward-looking statements.' These forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to. the plans, projections, objectives, expectations and intentions of the SOF 
Funds and the Manager and other statements contained herein that are not historical facts. These statements are based 
on current beliefs or expectations and are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and changes in circumstances, 
many of which are beyond the control of the SOF Funds and the Manager. Actual results may differ materially and 
adversely from these expectations due to changes in, among other things. global. political, economic, business. 
competitive, market and regulatory factors. 
Past performance is not indicative of future results and there can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
109 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038939 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185123 
EFTA01354345

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354346.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354346.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
achieve comparable returns to those contained in this Memorandum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
110 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038940 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00 185124 
EFTA01354346

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354347.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 6 Directory 
Fund 
Glendower Capital 
Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV. LP 
Special 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Auditors to the 
Any of 
Counsel to the 
Gresham Street 
General Partner 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
General 
London, EC2V 7N0 
LLP, Deloitte Touche 
Partner and 
Tohmatsu. KPMG or 
the Manager 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services 
Fund Administrator Gen II Fund Services LLC 
(UK) Limited 
Global 
Credit Suisse Asset 
Regional Placement 
Raymond James & 
Placement 
Management Limited 
Agents 
Associates, Inc. 
Agent 
Raymond James Financial 
Services, Inc. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
111 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038941 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185125 
EFTA01354347

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354348.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
It is currently proposed that the following individuals will comprise the board of directors of the General Partner: 
Alan Turner. Alan is an attorney at law who has practiced in the Cayman Islands since 1988. Alan is a partner of 
Turners and a former partner of Walkers. Nan is also a director of Circumference FS (Cayman) Ltd. ('Circumference"). 
an independent fiduciary services business in the Cayman Islands. Alan acts as a director of a number of companies 
involved in complex structures including hedge funds. private equity funds, general partners of limited partnerships. 
companies involved in structured finance and asset finance transactions and various holding companies. 
Andrew Johnson. Andrew is a director of Circumference. Andrew has over twenty years of experience in the offshore 
financial services industry, specializing in investment funds, securitizations, structured finance, captive insurance 
management and financial planning strategies for special purpose vehicles. He holds a bachelor's degree in Accounting 
from Flonda State University and received his Certified Public Accountant certificate in the state of Georgia. Andrew is 
also a Chartered Global Management Accountant. Andrew is a member and past president of the Cayman Islands 
Institute of Professional Accountants. He serves as Chairman of the board of the YMCA of the Cayman Islands and 
previously served on the board of Cayman Finance. Finally, he is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants. 
KIrsten Le Pape. Kirsten graduated with an accounting degree from Averett University, Virginia, in 1991. Kirsten 
worked with a major hotel corporation at a high management level before she joined Circumference in 2007. where she 
is now Senior Vice President. Kirsten acts as a director on a number of companies involved in complex structures 
including hedge funds, private equity funds, general partners of limited partnerships and various other entities. 
Vanessa Barrett. Vanessa is an experienced fund director having worked in the hedge fund industry for more than 18 
years across a number of key jurisdictions, including Bermuda, Ireland. the UK and USA. She has extensive experience 
in working with a wide range of hedge funds, fund of funds and private equity funds and has advised investment 
managers on Cayman fund launches and appropriate structures. She has broad knowledge of hedge fund operations, 
fund governance. compliance, fund risk analysis and product development and has managed projects for major fund 
management clients, including U.S.. European and Asian firms. Prior to becoming an independent fund director in the 
Cayman Islands, Vanessa was Head of Business Development and Client Relations for Alternative Fund Services at 
UBS Global Asset Management in London where she was responsible for the strategic development and growth of Fund 
Services. She also worked for UBS Fund Services in the Cayman Islands. Vanessa began her career with Ernst & Young 
in financial services audit in Bermuda and San Francisco. Vanessa graduated with a Bachelor of Commerce (Hons.). 
from University College Cork (Ireland) and is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
112 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038942 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185128 
EFTA01354348

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354349.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
For additional information, please contact: 
United States 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: 
Global Placement Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Anent 
Email: 
Europe. MENA And Asia Pacific 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8D2 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Peale,.Broil 
Email: 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
113 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038943 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185127 
EFTA01354349

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354350.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038944 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185128 
EFTA01354350

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354351.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Disclosure Statement 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the "Solicitation Agent"), Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC ("Glendower") and iCapital Advisors, LLC ("iCapital") have entered into an 
agreement pursuant to which the Solicitation Agent has agreed to consider the Solicitation Agent's clients 
and prospective clients for whom an investment in Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
L.P. (the "Onshore Fund') and Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
-Offshore Fund" and together with the Onshore Fund, the "Access Funds" and each an "Access Fund') 
may be suitable and to use reasonable efforts to solicit such persons for potential subscription of interests 
in the Access Funds (the "Interests"). The Solicitation Agent is not affiliated with the Access Funds, 
iCapital or Glendower. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to 
them in the private placement memoranda of the Access Funds. 
As compensation for these activities, the Solicitation Agent will receive from clients (each such 
client that subscribes for Interests, a "DB Introduced Person") investing in the Access Fund a one-time 
- Placement Fee" in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of the aggregate Subscription 
of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund. Any Placement Fee paid by a DB Introduced Person 
to the Solicitation Agent will not be considered a capital contribution to the AmPss Fund. The 
Solicitation Agent in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all or any portion of the DB 
Placement Fee payable by any particular DB Introduced Person. The Placement Fee rates applicable at 
each level of investment are as follows: 
Subscription in US$ 
Placement Fee Rate 
from $5,000,000 or 
1.00% 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
1.50% 
$4,999,999 
less than $3,000,000 
2.00% 
The Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart from the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the relevant DB Introduced 
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund. The specific Placement Fee paid by a DB Introduced Person 
will be disclosed in such person's Access Fund subscription agreement. 
Further, and in addition to the Placement Fee payable by clients, the Solicitation Agent will receive 
from iCapital a "Servicing Fee" payable quarterly in advance and will be calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
during the "investment period" of the Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund 
IV, LP (the "Underlying Fund"), the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person 
will be equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
(ii.) 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038945 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 85129 
EFTA01354351

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354352.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
(iii.) 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of any 
management fees collected by the Access Fund or the investment manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable 
share of invested capital. 
In addition, pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between the Solicitation Agent 
and one or more of the Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, LLC, the Solicitation 
Agent will also act as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will refer and/or introduce certain of 
its clients to the Underlying Fund. In consideration for such services, the Glendower GP or an affiliate 
shall pay the Solicitation Agent a placement fec equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's 
aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund attributable to the subscriptions of each DB 
Introduced Person. 
Other than the foregoing fees, no additional fees or other amounts will be charged to investors by 
the Solicitation Agent or the Access Funds as a result of the Solicitation Agent's involvement. Investors 
in an Access Fund that arc referred by the Solicitation Agent will not pay increased management fees or 
other similar compensation to the Solicitation Agent, iCapital or the Access Funds as a result of the 
referral. 
Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described above, the Solicitation Agent 
may benefit financially from referring clients to an Access Fund rather than to other competitive funds or 
other products that may also be appropriate for particular clients. As a result, the Solicitation Agent's 
receipt of such payments from the iCapital creates a potential conflict of interest in the form of an 
additional financial incentive to the Solicitation Agent, its equity owners and investment representatives 
to refer clients to an Access Fund. In addition, the Solicitation Agent or its affiliates may earn 
compensation from an Access Fund, iCapital or their affiliates through arrangements that may or may not 
directly involve the Solicitation Agent, such as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or 
research. Employees of the Solicitation Agent or its affiliates, including their investment representatives 
who may offer Interests to clients, may now or in the future own Interests. 
Acknowledgement of Receipt 
The undersigned acknowledges that it has reviewed and understands the information presented in 
this Disclosure Statement. 
Signature 
Name (print or t> pc) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038946 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_001 85130 
EFTA01354352

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354353.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Date 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038947 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185131 
EFTA01354353

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354354.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
EXECUTION VERSION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038948 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185132 
EFTA01354354

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354355.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INVESTORS 
If you arc interested in purchasing a limited partner interest (an "interest") in Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Partnership"), please complete all applicable signature pages 
and exhibits of the Subscription Agreement as indicated below. in addition, please submit the relevant 
Customer identification Documents listed below. 
Please direct any questions regarding this Subscription Agreement and/or the Partnership to your 
advisor. 
Following is a checklist for completing the Subscription Agreement and subscribing for an Interest 
in the Partnership. 
• 
Subscription Agreement 
Each investor is required to complete all sections of this 
Subscription Agreement, including all relevant exhibits. 
• Investors that are individuals are required to complete the following sections of this 
Subscription Agreement: Limited Partner Signature Page and Exhibit B. 
• Investors that are entities are required to complete the following sections of this 
Subscription Agreement: Limited Partner Signature Page; Exhibit C; Exhibit D; 
and Exhibit £ 
• Initial Capital Contribution. Each Investor may be required to make a capital contribution 
to the Partnership on the date it is admitted to the Partnership. The General Partner will 
provide written notice of the exact size and timing of the initial capital contribution if 
necessary in advance of the initial closing of the Partnership. 
• 
Client Identification Documents. Each Investor is required to provide the following 
documents to the General Partner. The identifying documents can be uploaded via the 
secure functionality built into your www.icapitalnetwork.com account 
• 
Natural Persons: 
• 
A complete IRS Form W-9. 
• 
Entities: 
• 
A complete IRS Form W-9. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038949 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_001 85133 
EFTA01354355

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354356.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
do Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
East 42nd Street, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
Reference is made to (i) the Private Placement Memorandum, dated January, 2018 (such Private 
Placement Memorandum, together with any supplements and appendices thereto delivered to the 
undersigned being herein called the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Partnership"); (ii) the Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (such limited partnership agreement, together with any amendments or supplements 
thereto, being herein called the "Partnership Agreement") of the Partnership, in each case as furnished to 
the undersigned with respect to the offering of limited partnership interests in the Partnership; and (iii) this 
Limited Partner Subscription Agreement (this -Agreement"), by and among Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the sole general partner of the 
Partnership (the "General Partner"), for and on behalf of the Partnership, and the undersigned subscribing 
investor (the "Investor"). The Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement are incorporated by reference 
in the Agreement. The Memorandum, the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Offering Materials". Capitalized terns used, but not defined, herein shall have 
the respective meanings given to them in the Partnership Agreement. 
The Partnership's sole objective is to invest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund 
IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (the "Underlying Fund"). By executing this Agreement 
and authorizing execution of the Partnership Agreement on your behalf, the undersigned Investor (and 
personal representative on behalf of such Investor) (a) agrees to be, and upon acceptance of this Agreement 
by the Partnership shall bc, bound as a limited partner of the Partnership (a "Limited Partner") by the terms, 
provisions and requirements applicable to Limited Partners as set forth herein and in the Memorandum 
(including the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund (the "Underlying Fund 
PPM")) and the Partnership Agreement, and (b) acknowledges that it has read and understands the terms, 
provisions and requirements set forth herein and therein that arc applicable to Limited Partners, the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager and the Partnership, as the case may be. The Investor hereby subscribes 
and agrees as follows: 
1. 
Subscription for a Limited Partnership Interest. 
(a) 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Memorandum 
and in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor agrees to the following: (i) to purchase from the Partnership 
a limited partnership interest (the "Interest") in the Partnership in the amount set forth on the signature page 
below at a purchase price equal to 100% of such Interest (except to the extent that an Interest in a lesser 
amount has been accepted by the General Partner pursuant to Section 9), payable in the manner and at the 
times as set forth in the Partnership Agreement; (ii) that the minimum subscription is $250,000; (iii) to 
become a party to and be bound by the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) to become a Limited Partner. 
(b) 
The Investor understands that to help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient 
amount of the Limited Partners' subscriptions are available to pay expenses of the Partnership, the General 
PROPRIETARY AND CON f7DENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038950 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185134 
EFTA01354356

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354357.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Partner may, in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' subscriptions 
to the Partnership for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the General Partner is not required 
to set aside any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Partnership (i.e., commits an amount to the 
Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the Partnership. is greater than the total amount of 
the Limited Partners' subscriptions to the Partnership), the General Partner may need to fund Partnership 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the distributions received from the 
Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. 
2. 
Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor hereby represents, 
warrants and covenants to. and agrees with, the Partnership and the General Partner, as of the date hereof. 
and through and including each date that all or any portion of the Interest requested pursuant to this 
Agreement is accepted in whole or in part by the General Partner as follows: 
(a) 
Suitability. THE INVESTOR HAS BEEN FURNISHED WITH, AND HAS 
READ CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTANDS THE OFFERING MATERIALS AND THE 
UNDERLYING FUND PPM, AND HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO REQUEST AND REVIEW 
THE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF THE UNDERLYING FUND (THE "UNDERLYING 
FUND LPA"), AND THE INVESTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THESE OFFERING 
MATERIALS (INCLUDING THE UNDERLYING FUND PPM AND UNDERLYING FUND LPA) 
SUPERSEDE ANY OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS PREVIOUSLY MADE AVAILABLE TO 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS. 
OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE 
MEMORANDUM AND THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, THE INVESTOR IS NOT RELYING 
UPON ANY INFORMATION, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY BY THE PARTNERSHIP. THE 
INVESTOR HAS CONSULTED ITS OWN ATTORNEY, ACCOUNTANT, TAX ADVISER AND/OR 
INVESTMENT ADVISER AS TO THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING, REGULATORY 
AND RELATED MATTERS WITH RESPECT TO THE INVESTMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY 
AND ON THAT BASIS UNDERSTANDS THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING. 
REGULATORY AND RELATED CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS 
AND BELIEVES THAT AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS IS SUITABLE AND APPROPRIATE 
FOR THE INVESTOR. 
ANY SPECIFIC ACKNOWLEDGMENT SET FORTH BELOW WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY STATEMENT CONTAINED IN THE OFFERING MATERIALS SHALL NOT BE 
DEEMED TO LIMIT THE GENERALITY OF THIS REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY. 
(b) 
Qpportunity to Verify Information. 
The Investor acknowledges that 
representatives of the Partnership have made available to the Investor, during the course of this transaction 
and prior to the purchase of the Interest, the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from them 
concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Interests described in the Offering Materials, to 
perform its own independent investigation of the current and proposed activities of the Partnership, and to 
obtain any additional information necessary to verify the information contained in the Offering Materials, 
or otherwise relative to the proposed activities of the Partnership or to otherwise evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in the Partnership. The Investor acknowledges that all such questions. if asked, have 
been answered satisfactorily and all such documents, if examined, have been found to be fully satisfactory. 
(e) 
Purchase for Investment; Restrictions on Transfer. The Investor understands 
and agrees: (i) that the Investor must bear the economic risk of its investment until the final liquidation and 
termination of the Partnership; (ii) that the Interest has not been, and will not be, registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or under the applicable securities laws of 
any other jurisdiction, and therefore, cannot be resold or otherwise disposed of unless it is subsequently 
registered under the Securities Act or such other securities laws, unless an exemption from such registration 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038951 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185135 
EFTA01354357

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354358.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
is available; (iii) that the Interest has not been registered under the laws of any jurisdiction outside of the 
United States and that the Investor is responsible for complying with any such laws, which may impose 
restrictions on the sale of the Interest by the Investor in any such jurisdiction; (iv) that the Investor is 
purchasing the Interest for its own account and not for the account of any other person, for investment only 
and not with a view to, or with any intention of, a distribution or resale thereof, in whole or in part, or the 
grant of any participation therein; (v) that the Investor shall not resell or otherwise dispose of all or any part 
of the Interest purchased by the Investor, except as pennitted by law, including, without limitation, any 
regulations under the Securities Act or other applicable securities laws, and any and all applicable 
provisions of the Partnership Agreement; (vi) that any disposition of the Interests may result in unfavorable 
tax consequences to the Investor; (vii) that the Transfer of the Interest by the Investor and the admission 
and substitution of another Limited Partner for the Investor are restricted by the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement and Securities Act and any fees and expenses incurred in connection with any Transfer in 
accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement will be the sole responsibility of the Investor; (viii) 
that there are risks of loss of investment incident to the purchase of Interests; (ix) that Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act is unlikely to be available as a basis for exemption from registration of the Interest in 
connection with the sale, Transfer or other disposition of all or a portion of the Interest; (x) the Investor has 
no right to require the registration of the Interest under the Securities Act or state securities laws or other 
applicable securities regulations; and (xi) no Transfer of Interest by the Investor will be permitted if it would 
result in 25% or more of any outstanding Interests being held by 'benefit plan investors" within the meaning 
of and calculated in accordance with, Section 3(42) of ERISA. The Investor understands that there is no 
public or other market for the Interest, and it is not anticipated that such a market will ever develop. The 
Investor further understands that for the foregoing reasons, the Investor will be required to retain ownership 
of the Interest and bear the economic risk of this investment for an indefinite period of time, including a 
complete loss of capital. Further, the Investor acknowledges that the Partnership Agreement does not 
generally permit the sale or other Transfer (including by will or the laws of descent and dissolution) of the 
Interest unless the General Partner consents thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the 
Investor agrees that, without prior written consent of the General Partner, it has not entered and will not 
enter into: (A) a swap, structured note or other derivative instrument with a third party, the return from 
which is based in whole or in part on the return of the Partnership; or (B) a variable annuity or insurance 
policy with a third party, the value of which is based in whole or in part on the return of the Partnership. 
The Investor understands that the Interest will not be evidenced by a certificate subject to Article 8 of the 
Uniform Commercial Code. 
(d) 
Accredited Investor and U.S. Person Status. The Investor (i) represents and 
warrants that the Investor (A) is an "accredited investor" as such term is defined in Rule 50I(a) of 
Regulation D under the Securities Act (an "Accredited Investor") and hereby makes the representations and 
warranties contained in Exhibit B and Exhibit C. as applicable and (B) is a U.S. Tax Person) and (ii) agrees 
to immediately notify the Partnership if any of the foregoing representations ceases to remain true and 
understands that, if it appears to the management of the Partnership that any of the foregoing representations 
are incorrect with respect to the Investor, the Partnership may, among other remedies, require the Investor 
to withdraw from the Partnership and to be admitted as a limited partner of a parallel investment entity or 
subject the Investor's Interest to compulsory repurchase or transfer with no further distributions with respect 
to such repurchased or transferred Interest. 
A "U.S. Tax Person" is a beneficial owner of an Interest that is a citizen or resident of the United States. a U.S. domestic corporation or 
othen‘ise subject to U.S. federal income taxon a net income basis with resped to its Interest. In determining beneficial ownership. an Interest 
held by (0 a partnership or entity treated as partnership few• U.S. federal income lax purposes or (ii) a "passive foreign investment company" 
within the nwaning of section 1297 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as amended. (a "PFIC') will be considered beneficially owned by 
its partners or equitybaders. as the case may be. An interest held by any oorporation other than a PFIC will be treated as held by a shareholder 
beneficially owning 50 percent or more of the stock of such corporation, measured by value. In addition. a holder of an option to acquire an 
Interest will be Waled as the beneficial owner of the unda4ing Iniercs1. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEAMAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038952 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185136 
EFTA01354358

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354359.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Representations; Qualified Purchaser Status. The 
Investor acknowledges that (i) the Partnership is not being registered as an -investment company" as the 
term - investment company" is defined in Section 3(a) of the United States Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the - Investment Company Act"); (ii) the General Partner does not have any intention 
of registering the Partnership as an "investment company" under the Investment Company Act or of 
registering the Interest under the Securities Act or of supplying the information that may be necessary to 
enable the Investor to sell, Transfer or otherwise dispose of the Interest; and (iii) the Investor will not be 
afforded the protections provided to investors in registered investment companies under the Investment 
Company Act. The Investor represents and warrants that the Investor is a "qualified purchaser-  as that term 
is defined under the Investment Company Act. In furtherance thereof, the Investor hereby makes the 
representations and warranties contained in the exhibits, as applicable. The Investor further represents that 
(A) the governing documents of the Investor require that each beneficial owner of the Investor including, 
but not limited to, shareholders, partners and beneficiaries, participate through his, her or its interest in the 
Investor in all of the Investor's investments and that the profits and losses from each such investment are 
shared among such beneficial owners in the same proportions as all other investments of the Investor, (B) 
no such beneficial owner may vary his, her or its share of the profits and losses or the amount of his, her or 
its contribution for any investment made by the Investor, and (C) the Investor has made investments prior 
to the date hereof or intends to make investments in the near future and each beneficial owner of interests 
in the Investor has shared and will share in the same proportion in each such investment (e.g., no beneficial 
owner of the Investor may vary its interests in different investments made by or on behalf of the Investor). 
(f) 
Conflicts of Interest. The Investor is aware of and understands each of the risk 
factors, including all applicable conflicts of interest set forth in the Memorandum (including the additional 
conflict and risk disclosure set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM attached thereto). The Investor 
understands that the discussion of such conflicts and risks is not exhaustive and confirms that it has 
consulted with its advisors as it has deemed necessary or appropriate. The Investor hereby consents to all 
such actual and potential conflicts of interest and waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claims 
with respect to any liability arising from the existence of any conflicts of interest among the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and their respective affiliates. 
(g) 
Additional Risk Factors. The Investor is aware and acknowledges that: (i) the 
Partnership has only recently been formed and the Partnership and the Underlying Fund (as defined below) 
have little or no financial or operating history; (ii) the Investment Manager or another person or entity 
selected by the General Partner (which may be a partner or Affiliate of the General Partner) will receive 
compensation in connection with the management of the Partnership; (iii) the Investor is not entitled to 
cancel, terminate or revoke its subscription in the Partnership nor any of the powers and authority conferred 
herein and in the Partnership Agreement to the Partnership and/or the General Partner, (iv) investment 
returns, if any, described in the Memorandum or in any supplemental letters or materials thereto are not 
necessarily comparable to the returns, if any, which may be achieved on investments made by the 
Partnership; (v) no United States federal, state or local or non-United States agency, governmental authority 
or other person has passed upon the Interests or the equity interests of the Underlying Fund or made any 
finding or determination as to the fairness of this investment or the Partnership's investment in the 
Underlying Fund; (vi) the Interests will be subject to certain restrictions on transferability as described in 
the Partnership Agreement, and no transfer or assignment of any Interests or any part of any Interest may 
occur if such transfer or assignment would cause any beneficial interest in the Partnership to be held by a 
person that is not both a "qualified purchase?' and a "qualified client" under the Investment Company Act 
or an "accredited investor" under the Securities Act (vii) the Investor will have no right to withdraw from 
the Partnership except as specifically provided in the Agreement; (viii) as a result of the foregoing, the 
marketability of the Interests will be severely limited; and (ix) that substantially all of the Partnership's 
investment assets will be its investment in the Underlying Fund. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038953 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 85137 
EFTA01354359

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354360.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(h) 
Full Contribution. The Investor understands that, except as otherwise provided 
in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor may not make less than the full amount of any required capital 
contribution in respect of such Investor's Interest, unless this Agreement is for any reason rejected or this 
offering is for any reason canceled, and that default provisions with respect thereto, pursuant to which thc 
Investor may suffer substantial adverse consequences (including, but not limited to, the loss of all or a 
material portion of its investment in thc Partnership). are contained in the Partnership Agreement. 
(i) 
Exhibits. The Investor has carefully reviewed and/or completed the exhibits 
attached hereto to the extent applicable to the Investor and makes each of the representations set forth 
therein and such representations are true and correct in all respects. 
(i) 
No Need for Liquidity. The Investor has no need for liquidity in connection with 
its purchase of the Interest. and is able to bear thc risk of loss of its entire investment in the Interest. 
(k) 
Investment Objectives and Advice. The purchase of the Interest by the Investor 
is consistent with the general investment objectives of the Investor. The aggregate amount of the 
investments of the Investor in, and its commitments to. all similar im esunents that are illiquid is reasonable 
in relation to the Investor's net worth. The Investor hereby acknowledges that it has not relied on the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager or any of their respective partners or Affiliates for investment 
advice with respect to an investment in the Partnership. 
(1) 
Securities Laws. The Investor received thc Offering Materials and first learned 
of the Partnership in the country, territory, state or other jurisdiction identified in the address of the Investor 
set forth on the Investor's signature page hereto, and intends that the securities laws of that country, 
territory, state or other jurisdiction alone shall govern the offer and sale of the Interest to the Investor. If 
the Investor is not a resident of the United States, the Investor understands that it is the responsibility of the 
Investor to satisfy itself as to full observance of the laws of any relevant country, territory, state or 
jurisdiction outside of the United States in connection with thc offer and sale of thc Interest, including 
obtaining any required governmental or other consent and observing any other applicable legal, regulatory 
or other similar formalities. The Investor understands that no governmental agency or authority has passed 
upon or will pass upon thc offer or sale of the Interest or has made or will make any finding or determination 
as to the fairness of this investment. 
(m) 
Commodity Exchange Ad. (i) The Investor understands that (i) the General 
Partner is exempt from registration with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
("CFTC") as a commodity pool operator ("CPO") with respect to the Partnership pursuant to 
CFTC Rule 4.I3(aX3) and, as a result of the General Partner's reliance on the CFTC Rule 
4.13(aX3) exemption from registration as a CPO, the General Partner is not required to deliver a 
CFTC disclosure document to prospective investors, nor is it required to provide Investors with 
certified annual reports that satisfy the requirements of CFTC rules applicable to registered CPOs; 
and (ii) the General Partner and Investment Manager are exempt pursuant to, respectively, CFTC 
Rule 4.14(aX5) and CFTC Rule 4.14(aX8) from registration with the CFTC as a commodity 
trading advisor ("CTA") with respect to the advice that each provides to the Partnership, and as 
such neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager are required to satisfy certain 
disclosure and other requirements under CFTC rules. 
(n) 
Certain Itc(iii Won NIalters. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038954 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185138 
EFTA01354360

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354361.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(I) 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company or other 
entity, organization or association, it has not been formed or used to circumvent 
the provisions of Section 12(g) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the Interest held by the Investor will be held 
of record by one person within the meaning of the Exchange Act Rule 12g5-1. 
(2) 
If the Investor is a trust or other entity, it will provide any additional documents or 
information that the Partnership or General Partner may reasonably request 
regarding its beneficial ownership. 
The Investor (if an entity) was not formed or recapitalized and is not being utilized 
primarily for the purpose of making an investment in the Partnership, or has 
notified the General Partner in writing that it was formed or recapitalized and is 
being used for the purpose of making such investment.. 
(4) 
As of the date hereof, the Investor2 has not been subject to any event specified in 
Rule 506(d)(I) of the Securities Act or any proceeding or event that could result 
in any such disqualifying event ("Disqualifying Event") that would either require 
disclosure under the provisions of Rule 506(e) of the Securities Act or result in 
disqualification under Rule 506(d)(1) of the Partnership's use of the Rule 506 
exemption. The Investor will immediately notify the General Partner in writing 
if the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at any date after the date 
hereof. In the event that the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at 
any date after the date hereof, the Investor agrees and covenants to use its best 
efforts to coordinate with the General Partner (i) to provide documentation as 
reasonably requested by the General Partner related to any such Disqualifying 
Event and (ii) to implement a remedy to address the Investor's changed 
circumstances such that the changed circumstances will not affect in any way the 
Partnership's. the Underlying Fund's or their respective affiliates' ongoing and/or 
future reliance on the Rule 506 exemption under the Securities Act. 
(3) 
(o) 
Power and Authority; No Conflicts. If the Investor is a corporation, trust, 
partnership, limited liability company or other entity, organization or association: (i) it is duly organized or 
formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization or formation; 
(ii) it has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement; (iii) the person signing this Agreement on behalf of the Investor has been duly authorized to 
execute this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) such execution, delivery and performance 
by the Investor of such agreements do not violate, or conflict with, the terms of any agreement or instrument 
to which the Investor is a party or by which it is bound. If the Investor is an individual, the Investor has all 
requisite legal capacity to acquire and hold the Interest and to execute and deliver this Agreement and the 
Partnership Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(p) 
Due Execution; Binding Agreement. This Agreement, the Partnership 
Agreement and the power of attorney granted hereby. have been duly executed by the Investor and, when 
the Investor is admitted as a Limited Partner, will constitute, valid and legally binding agreements of the 
For the purposes of this paragraph, references to the "Investor" shall include any person or entity ("Person") 
whose interest in. or relationship to, the Investor is deemed to make such Person or entity a beneficial owner of 
the Partnership's voting securities under Exchange Act Rule 13d-3 and within the meaning of Rule 506(d). Under 
Rule 13d-3. a Person is a beneficial owner of a security if. for among other reasons, such Person directly or 
indirectly has or shares (a) the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security and/or (b) the power to dispose 
of or direct the disposition of such security. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038955 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 85139 
EFTA01354361

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354362.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Investor enforceable against the Investor in accordance with their respective terms. The Investor 
acknowledges that this Agreement, the Partnership Agreement and the power of attorney granted hereby 
shall survive (i) changes in the transaction, documents and instruments described in the Memorandum and 
the Partnership Agreement which in the aggregate arc not material to the Investor or which arc contemplated 
by, or made in accordance with, the Memorandum or the Partnership Agreement, as the case may be. and 
(ii) the death, disability, termination or winding up of the Investor. The Investor has obtained all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorizations of government authorities and other persons or entities required to 
be obtained in connection with its execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement 
and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(q) 
ICnowledee and Experience. The Investor currently has, and the Investor had 
immediately prior to receipt of any offer regarding the Partnership. such knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the 
Partnership. 
(r) 
No View to Tax Benefits. The Investor is not acquiring the Interest with a view 
to realizing any benefits under any tax law, including, but not limited to, United States federal income tax 
laws, and no representations have been made to the Investor that any such benefits will be available as a 
result of the Investor's acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Interest. The Investor is aware and 
acknowledges that any tax benefits which may be available to the Investor may be lost through the adoption 
of new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations or differing interpretations of existing 
laws and regulations, in certain circumstances with retroactive effect. 
(s) 
Publicly Traded Partnership. The following representations are included with 
the intention of enabling the Partnership to qualify for the benefit of a "safe harbor" under U.S. Treasury 
Regulations from treatment of the Partnership as an entity subject to corporate income tax. The Investor 
either: 
(1) 
is not a partnership. grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United States 
federal income tax purposes; or 
(2) 
is a partnership. grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United States federal 
income tax purposes, and (i) at no time during the term of the Partnership will 65% 
or more of the value of any beneficial owner's direct or indirect interest in the 
Investor be attributable to the Investors interests in the Partnership, (ii) less than 
65% of the value of the Investor is attributable to the Investor's interests in the 
Partnership, and (iii) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner 
limitation set forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1Xii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations 
is not a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Investor or of any person 
authorized to act on the Investor's behalf, for using the tiered arrangement within 
the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section I.7704-1(h)(3Xii). 
(t) 
Status as Disregarded Entity. Unless the Investor has notified the General 
Partner in writing on or before the date hereof (which writing shall be acknowledged by the General Partner 
and shall constitute a representation of the Investor hereunder), the Investor is not disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-2(c)(2Xi) (a 
'Disregarded Entity"). If the Investor has notified the General Partner in writing that it is a Disregarded 
Entity, then the sole owner of the Investor for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the "Sole Owner") 
represents as follows: 
(1) 
the Sole Owner either. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038956 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001 85140 
EFTA01354362

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354363.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(A) 
is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes: or 
(B) 
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes, and (x) at no time during the term of 
the Partnership will 65% or more of the value of any beneficial owner's 
direct or indirect interest in the Sole Owner be attributable to the Sole 
Owner's interests in the Partnership, (y) less than 65% of the value of the 
Sole Owner is attributable to the Sole Owner's interests in the Partnership, 
and (z) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner limitation set 
forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations is not 
a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Sole Owner, or of any 
person authorized to act on the Sole Owner's behalf, for using the tiered 
arrangement within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.7704-1(h)(3Xii). 
(2) 
The Sole Owner will not transfer or otherwise dispose of or distribute any part of 
its economic or beneficial interest in (or any rights with respect to) the Investor or 
the Interest without complying with all of the applicable provisions of the 
Partnership Agreement as if the Sole Owner were a direct Limited Partner of the 
Partnership and were transferring a direct limited partnership interest in the 
Partnership. 
(u) 
No Borrowints. The Investor has not borrowed any portion of its contribution to 
the Partnership, either directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager or any Affiliate of the foregoing. 
(v) 
Partnership Counsel Does Not Represent the Investors. 
Thc Investor 
understands and acknowledges that Cleary• Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP ("Cleary Gottlieb") acts as U.S. 
counsel only for the Partnership. Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and, together with the Partnership and any other funds established in connection with the 
Partnership and the Feeder Fund, the "Access Funds"), the General Partner, the Investment Manager and 
certain of their respective Affiliates, and that Maples and Calder, Attorneys-at-Law, acts as Cayman Islands 
counsel only for the Access Funds, the Investment Manager and the General Partner, and no attorney-client 
relationship exists between either firm and any other person by reason of such person making an investment 
in the Partnership. Thc Investor understands and acknowledges that the Investor should consult its own 
legal and tax advisers in connection with the formation of the Partnership and the sale of the Interest. The 
Investor also understands that no independent counsel has been retained to represent the Limited Partners. 
The Investor acknowledges that neither Cleary Gottlieb nor Maples and Calder have independently verified 
any factual assertions made in the Memorandum and are not responsible for the Partnership's compliance 
with its investment program or applicable law. The Investor represents that it has not relied upon Cleary 
Gottlicb's or Maples and Calder's participation in the preparation of the Offering Materials or its 
representation of the parties named above in connection with its investment in the Partnership. 
(w) 
Privacy Notice. If the Investor is a natural person. it acknowledges receipt of the 
notice attached hereto as Exhibit F regarding the privacy of financial information under Regulation P, 12 
C.F.R. 1016 ("Regulation P"), adopted by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and agrees that the 
Interest is a financial product that the Investor has requested and authorized. In accordance with Section 
of Regulation P, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Partnership may disclose nonpublic 
personal information of the Investor to the other Limited Partners. as well as to the Partnership's 
accountants, attorneys and other service providers as necessary• to effect, administer and enforce the 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038957 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185141 
EFTA01354363

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354364.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354364.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Partnership and its partners' sights and obligations, or as otherwise may be required by applicable law, rule 
or regulation. 
(x) 
Nominees and Custodians. If the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian 
for another person or entity in connection with the purchase or holding of the Interest, the undersigned has 
so indicated on its signature page hereto. The representations and warranties contained in this Section 2 
regarding the "Investor" are true and accurate with regard to each person or entity for which the undersigned 
is acting as nominee or custodian. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the representations and 
warranties regarding the status of the Investor in the exhibits attached hereto are true with respect to, and 
accurately describe, each person or entity for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian. 
Each person or entity for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian will not Transfer or 
otherwise dispose of or distribute any part of its economic or beneficial interest in (or any other rights with 
respect to) the Interest without complying with all of the applicable provisions of the Partnership Agreement 
as if such person or entity were a direct Limited Partner of the Partnership and were transferring a direct 
limited partnership interest in the Partnership. If the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian for 
another person or entity, the undersigned agrees to provide such other information as the General Partner 
may reasonably request regarding the undersigned and the person or entity for which the undersigned is 
acting as nominee or custodian in order to detemline the eligibility of the Investor to purchase the Interest. 
(y) 
Final Form. The Investor understands and acknowledges that its purchase of an 
Interest in the Partnership shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement, in each case in the definitive form as shall be executed by the parties hereto and thereto, and as 
the same may be amended from time to lime in accordance with their respective terms. The Investor further 
understands and acknowledges that (i) the definitive form of the Partnership Agreement may have terms 
and conditions different from those disclosed originally in the Memorandum, and (ii) the actual realized 
returns on unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns indicated in the Memorandum and 
the appendices thereto. 
(z) 
No General Solicitation or General Advertisement. The Investor acknowledges 
that it is not purchasing an Interest as a result of or subsequent to (i) any advertisement, article, notice or 
other communications published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media (including any intemet site 
that is not password protected) or broadcast over television or radio, or (ii) any seminar or meeting whose 
attendees, including the Investor, had been invited as a result of, subsequent to or pursuant to the foregoing, 
but rather, that it is purchasing an Interest as a result of private negotiations in an arm's length transaction. 
(aa) 
Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering. The Investor hereby acknowledges that 
the Partnership and the Underlying Fund seek to comply with all applicable sanctions imposed under the 
laws, regulations or executive orders administered and enforced by the U.S. Treasury Department's Office 
of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Department of State or the U.S. Department of Commerce, 
or similar sanctions imposed by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, and Her 
Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom ("Sanctions"), and all other applicable laws conceming money 
laundering and related activities. In furtherance of those efforts, the Investor, on behalf of (i) itself, (ii) any 
person it controls or is controlled by (as defined below in this Section 2(aa)), (iii) if the Investor is a 
privately held entity, any person having a beneficial interest in the Investor, (iv) if the Investor will not be 
the sole beneficial owner of the Interest, any person having a beneficial interest in the Interest, (v) and any,
disclosed or undisclosed principal for which the Investor is acting as a nominee or other type of agent, 
certifies, based on appropriate diligence and investigation (the foregoing, "Investor-Related Parties"), that: 
(1) 
neither it, nor any Investor-Related Party or any other person or entity of whom it 
is acting on behalf, is: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038958 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185142 
EFTA01354364

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354365.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354365.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(A) 
named on any prohibited lists maintained by the U.S. or UK government, 
including, but not limited to, the OFAC list of Specially Designated 
Nationals and Blocked Persons or other similar list of sanctioned persons, 
entities or jurisdiction designated by the General Partner from time to time; 
(ii) an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is 
organized under the laws of, a country or territory that is subject to 
Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory; or 
(iii) is otherwise a country, territory, entity or individual with whom 
dealings are restricted or prohibited by Sanctions (any such country, 
territory, entity or individual described in this paragraph (A), a 
"Sanctioned Party"); 
(B) 
a country, territory or entity that (i) has been designated as non-
cooperative with international anti-money laundering principles or 
procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the 
Financial Action Task Force ("FATF"), of which the United States is a 
member, (ii) is the subject of an advisory issued by the Financial Crimes 
Enforcement Network of the U.S. Treasury• Department; or (iii) has been 
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury• under Section 311 of the USA 
PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering 
concerns (any such country or territory•, a "Non-cooperative Jurisdiction"), 
or an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is 
organized under the laws of, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction; 
(C) 
a senior foreign political figures or any immediate family' or close 
associates of a senior foreign political figure; or 
(D) 
a "foreign shell bank", which is a foreign bank that does not have a 
physical presence in any country. (The term "foreign shell bank" does not 
include any bank that (i) is an affiliate of a depository institution, credit 
union, or foreign bank that maintains a physical presence in the United 
States or a foreign country, and (ii) is subject to supervision by a banking 
authority in the country regulating the affiliated depository institution, 
credit union, or foreign bank described in (i) above.) 
(2) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived or originated from, routed through 
or otherwise related to, any Sanctioned Party or foreign shell bank or any activity 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; (B) no cash, property or item of value that 
A "senior foreign political figure" is a current or tomer senior official in the executive, legislative. 
administrative, military or judicial branches of a foreign government (whether elected or not), a senior official 
of a major foreign political party, or a senior executive of a foreign govenunent-owned commercial 
enterprise. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, a "senior official" is an individual with substantial 
authority over policy, operations or the use of government-owned resources. In addition, a "senior foreign 
political figure" includes any corporation, business or other entity that has been formed by. or for the benefit 
of, a senior foreign political figure. 
"Immediate family" of a senior foreign political figure includes the figure's parents, siblings, spouse, children 
and in-laws. 
A "close associate" of a senior foreign political figure is a person who is widely and publicly known (or 
actually known by the Subscriber) to maintain an unusually close personal or professional relationship with 
the senior foreign political figure. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038959 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185143 
EFTA01354365

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354366.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354366.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Investor receives from the Partnership will be used in any transaction or manner 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; and (C) no Sanctioned Party will have any legal 
or beneficial interest in the Investor or the Investor's Interest; 
(3) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived from, or related to, any activity that 
is deemed criminal under United States or UK law or the law of the jurisdiction in 
which such activity took place, and (B) no part of the proceeds of the Investor's 
investment in the Partnership w ill be used to finance any such unlawful activities; 
(4) 
no contribution or payment by the Investor to the Partnership, to the extent that 
they are within the Investor's control, and no distribution from the Partnership to 
the Investor (assuming such distribution is made in accordance with instructions 
provided by the Investor) shall cause the Partnership or the General Partner to be 
in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money 
Laundering Control Act of 1986, the Uniting and Strengthening America by 
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 
2001, the criminal money laundering provisions set forth in Title 18 of the United 
States Code or any other applicable anti-money laundering laws or regulations, in 
each case as amended and any successor statute thereto and including all 
regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering 
Laws"); or Sanctions; and 
(5) 
if the Investor is a fund of funds or other entity investing on behalf of third parties, 
(i) the Investor is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Anti-
Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions, (ii) the Investor has anti-money 
laundering policies and procedures in place reasonably designed to verify the 
identity of its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors and their sources of 
funds and to confirm that no beneficial owner and/or underlying investor is a party 
with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from dealing under applicable Sanctions, 
and (iii) the Investor has established the identities of and conducted thorough due 
diligence with respect to all of its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors 
who beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the Investor or 
invested funds. For purposes of this Section 2(aa), "controlling party" means any 
person or entity who owns more than 50% of the economic interest in another 
person or entity or controls the board of directors or similar governing body, the 
day-to-day operations or material business decisions of such other person or entity. 
In the event that the Investor should learn after executing this Subscription Agreement that any of the 
representations made in this Section 2(aa) either was not at the time of execution, or is no longer, accurate, 
the Investor agrees to promptly inform the General Partner in writing of such inaccuracy. The Investor 
further agrees to promptly provide to the General Partner any additional information regarding the Investor 
or its beneficial owners that the General Partner deems necessary• or convenient to ensure compliance with 
all applicable laws concerning money laundering and similar activities. The Investor understands and 
agrees that if at any time it is discovered that any of the foregoing representations are incorrect, or if 
otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or administrative pronouncement related to money 
laundering and similar activities, the General Partner may undertake appropriate actions to ensure 
compliance with applicable laws, regulations and administrative pronouncements, including, but not limited 
to those actions described in the Partnership Agreement. The Investor further understands that the 
Partnership or General Partner may release confidential information about the Investor and, if applicable, 
any underlying beneficial owners, to proper authorities or the general partner of the Underlying Fund if the 
PROMETARY AND CONFIDEN17AL 
II 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038960 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185144 
EFTA01354366

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354367.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, determines that it is in the best interests of the Partnership in light of 
relevant rules, regulations and administrative pronouncements under the laws set forth in this Section 2(aa). 
(bb) 
Confidentiality. 
The Investor shall maintain the confidentiality of (i) the 
Non-Public Information (as defined below) and (ii) any information subject to a confidentiality agreement 
binding upon the General Partner, the Partnership or the Investment Manager and made known to the 
Investor: 
vi _ that the Investor may disclose Non-Public Information to (A) its officers, fiduciaries, 
employees, agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors or (B) to the extent the 
Investor is required to disclose such Non-Public Information by a court of competent jurisdiction or other 
governmental authority or otherwise as required by law provided that (x) in the case of clause (A), such 
persons are notified in advance of the confidential nature of such Non-Public Information, and who are, 
either by the nature of their positions or duties or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially 
equivalent restrictions and (y) in the case of clause (B), the Limited Partner promptly, and in any event 
prior to making any such disclosure, notifies the General Partner of the court order, subpoena, 
interrogatories, government order or other reason that requires disclosure of the Partnership Information so 
that the General Partner may seek a protective order or other remedy to protect the confidentiality of the 
Non-Public Information or other appropriate remedy. As used in this Section 2(bb), "Non-Public 
Information" means Partnership Information, but does not include information that (i) becomes publicly 
available (other than by reason of a disclosure by the Investor) or (ii) the disclosure of which has been 
consented to by the General Partner in writing. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees that 
Non-Public Information contains trade secrets and is proprietary and understands that the disclosure of such 
Non-Public Information is not in the best interest of the Partnership or the Underlying Fund and the 
disclosure of such Non-Public Information would cause substantial harm and damages to the Partnership, 
the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investor and the 
Investor's employees, representatives and other agents, may disclose to their professional advisors 
(including, without limitation. their attorneys and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or 
other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal and state income and franchise 
tax treatment and U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax structure of the transactions contemplated 
hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the 
Investor relating to such tax treatment or tax structure insofar as such treatment and/or structure relates to 
a U.S. federal or state income or franchise tax strategy provided to the Investor provided, however, that the 
Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall not disclose any other information 
that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction (including the 
identity of the party and any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or 
any other information to the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in violation of any U.S. 
federal or state securities law. 
(cc) 
FOIA. Except to the extent otherwise disclosed to the General Partner and 
acknowledged by the General Partner in writing prior to its admission to the Partnership, the Investor 
represents that it is not a FOIA Partner (as defined herein). The Investor agrees to provide prompt written 
notice to the General Partner if at any time during the term of the Partnership (i) it becomes a FOIA Partner, 
or (ii) it becomes aware of any reason. whether under law, regulation. policy or otherwise, that it or any of 
its equity holders will, or might become compelled to. use the Partnership Information other than as 
contemplated by Section 14.8.8 of the Partnership Agreement or disclose Partnership Information in 
violation of the confidentiality restrictions in Section 14.7.8 of the Partnership Agreement. For purposes 
of this Agreement, a "FOIA Partner" shall mean any Investor that is (A) directly or indirectly subject to 
either section 552(a) of Title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the "Freedom of Information 
Act") or any similar federal, state, county or municipal public disclosure law, whether foreign or domestic; 
(B) subject, by regulation, contract or otherwise, to disclose Partnership Information to a trading exchange 
or other market where interests in such person arc sold or traded, whether foreign or domestic; (C) required 
to or will likely be required to disclose Partnership Information to a governmental body, agency or 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038961 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_001 85145 
EFTA01354367

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354368.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354368.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
committee (including, without limitation, any disclosures required in accordance with the U.S. Ethics in 
Government Act of 1978, as amended, and any rules and regulations of any executive, legislative or 
judiciary organization), whether foreign or domestic, by virtue of such person's (or any of its Affiliate's) 
current or proposed involvement in government office; (D) an agent, nominee. fiduciary, custodian or 
trustee for any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) where Partnership Information 
provided or disclosed to such person by the Partnership or the General Partner is provided or could at any 
time become available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C); or (E) an 
investment fund or other entity that has any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) as a 
partner, member or other beneficial owner where Partnership Information provided or disclosed to such 
person by or on behalf of the Partnership or the General Partner is disclosed to or could at any time become 
available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C). 
(dd) 
Underlvinz Fund; No Recourse. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees 
that the Investor shall not be a limited partner of Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities IV, LP, an 
English private fund limited partnership, shall have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund and shall have 
no voting rights in the Underlying Fund. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Investor 
shall have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the general partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Underlying Fund Manager"), their respective Affiliates or any of their respective advisors, officers, 
directors, employees, partners or members. The Investor understands and acknowledges that the Underlying 
Fund Manager will have confidential information relating to the Underlying Fund and its investments that 
has not been disclosed to the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Partnership or the Investors. 
The Investor hereby waives all rights it may now have or hereinafter acquire against such parties arising 
out of or in connection with such non-disclosure of such confidential information. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Underlying Fund Manager is not responsible for the formation or 
operation of the Partnership; (ii) the Underlying Fund Manager has no responsibility with respect to any 
document relating to the Partnership and has not prepared any such documents, including. without 
limitation. the Memorandum (excluding the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the 
Underlying Fund attached to the Memorandum); and (iii) the Underlying Fund Manager does not owe any 
duties, including fiduciary duties, to any investor or potential investor in the Partnership or shall bear any 
liability in connection with the offering and sale of Interests. The Underlying Fund Manager shall be a 
third-party beneficiary of this Section 2(dd). The Investor (A) acknowledges that in addition to the fees 
and carried interest payable by the Partnership to the Underlying Fund, it will be subject to certain additional 
fees and expenses of the Partnership (including Management Fees and Partnership Expenses, as described 
in the Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement) that it would not otherwise be subject to as a direct 
investor in the Underlying Fund, and (B) agrees that it will not bring, and will not threaten to bring, an 
action or claim against the Underlying Fund or the Underlying Fund Manager as an investor in the 
Partnership or in connection with its interest in the Partnership; provided, that, to the extent that such 
agreement is deemed to waive compliance with the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, such waiver is void. 
The Investor further acknowledges that the Investment Manager does not have the power to bind or commit 
the Underlying Fund, the Underlying Fund Manager or any of their respective affiliates. 
(cc) 
Plan Investor Representations. If the Investor is a "Plan Investor" (i.e., (1) any 
U.S. pension or other employee benefit plan or trust subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement plans); (2) any U.S. plan or 
account subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as 
IRAs or Keoghs); (3) any entity deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans described in the preceding bullets 
(such as certain hedge funds that manage ERISA assets); and (4) any fiduciary that otherwise manages or 
handles the assets of any of the plans or entities described in Items 1-3) then the Investor and the person 
executing the Agreement on behalf of the Investor (the "Investor Fiduciary"), both in its individual and 
fiduciary capacity. agree. represent. warrant and acknowledge that: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038962 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185146 
EFTA01354368

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354369.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(1) 
the terms of the Partnership Agreement, including all exhibits and attachments 
thereto, comply with the Investor's governing instruments and applicable laws 
governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly advise the General Partner 
in writing of any changes in any governing law or any regulations or interpretations 
thereunder affecting the duties, responsibilities, liabilities or obligations of the 
Partnership, the General Partner or any of their respective partners, members, 
employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents or Affiliates; 
(2) 
(a) pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, the General Partner has the power and 
discretion to make all investment decisions in accordance with the terms of the 
Partnership Agreement, (b) neither the General Partner or iCapital Securities, LLC 
(collectively. "iCapital"), nor any of their Affiliates, is undertaking to provide 
investment advice (impartial or otherwise), or give advice in a fiduciary capacity, 
in connection with the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or 
withdraw from, the Partnership, or to give advice in any fiduciary capacity for 
purposes of ERISA, as defined below, or the Code, as defined below, unless 
otherwise agreed to in writing, and (c) the Memorandum, including all appendices 
thereto, and the marketing of the Partnership by the General Partner and its 
Affiliates does not constitute a recommendation or investment advice; 
(3) 
the Investor Fiduciary is responsible for exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or withdraw from, 
the Partnership; is qualified to make such investment decision and to the extent it 
deems necessary has consulted its own investment advisers and legal counsel 
regarding the investment in the Partnership; 
(4) 
in making its decision to invest in the Partnership, neither the Investor nor the 
Investor Fiduciary has relied on any advice or recommendation of the Partnership, 
iCapital or any of their Affiliates; 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary have studied the Partnership's governing 
documents, the Partnership's investment management agreement, if any, the 
Memorandum, and iCapital's Form ADV, understand the Partnership's investment 
objectives, policies and strategies and the risks, conflicts of interests (including, 
without limitation, the existence and nature of the financial interests of the General 
Partner and its Affiliates relating to the Investor's proposed investment in the 
Partnership), and other considerations relating to an investment in the Partnership 
described therein, and understands that there may be other risks and conflicts of 
interest applicable to the Interests in addition to those described therein, and have 
made an independent decision to invest in the Partnership solely on the basis of 
such documents and without reliance on any other information or statements as to 
the appropriateness of the investment for the Investor; 
(6) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary arc capable of evaluating investment risks 
independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and 
investment strategies, including the decision to invest in, continue holding, or 
withdraw from, the Partnership; 
(7) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary understand, acknowledge and agree that 
the existence and nature of any financial interest of iCapital and its Affiliates have 
been disclosed in the Partnership's governing documents, the Partnership's 
(5) 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038963 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185147 
EFTA01354369

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354370.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
investment management agreement, if any, the Memorandum, and/or iCapital's 
Form ADV; 
(8) 
the Investor Fiduciary has carefully reviewed and understands the various risks of 
an investment in the Partnership, as well as the fees and conflicts of interest to 
which the Partnership is subject, as set forth in the Memorandum, and has 
concluded that the proposed purchase of an Interest is consistent with applicable 
fiduciary, responsibilities under ERISA and other applicable law, if any; 
(9) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary hereby consent and agree to the payment 
of the fees so described to the parties identified as the recipients thereof, and to 
such conflicts of interest; 
(10) 
neither the Investor nor the Investor Fiduciary are in any way affiliated with (i.e., 
do not own or control, are not owned or controlled by, nor are under common 
ownership or control with) any person or entity which will receive compensation, 
directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, as specifically identified and described 
in the Memorandum; 
(11) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary understand, acknowledge and agree that 
neither iCapital nor any of its Affiliates, nor any director, officer. member, partner, 
employee, principal or agent of iCapital or any of its Affiliates receives a fee or 
other compensation from the Investor or, if applicable, the Investor Fiduciary for 
the provision of investment advice (rather than other services) in connection with 
the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or withdraw from, the 
Partnership (as opposed to a fee for actually managing the assets of the Partnership 
or providing services to the Partnership); 
(12) 
the execution and delivery• of this Agreement and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated thereunder will not result in a breach or violation of any 
charter or organizational documents pursuant to which the Investor was formed or 
is governed, or any statute, rule, regulation or order of any court or governmental 
agency or body having jurisdiction over the Investor or any of its assets, or in any 
material respect, any mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement or instrument to 
which the Investor is a party or otherwise subject 
(13) 
the Investor Fiduciary has been given the opportunity• to discuss the Investor's 
investment in the Partnership. and the structure and operation of the Partnership 
with the General Partner, and has been given all documents and information that 
the Investor has reasonably requested regarding the Partnership; 
(14) 
the Investor Fiduciary is either (a) a bank as defined in Section 202 of the Advisers 
Act or similar institution that is regulated and supervised and subject to periodic 
examination by a State or Federal agency; (b) an insurance carrier which is 
qualified under the laws of more than one State to perform the services of 
managing, acquiring or disposing of assets of "plan assets-; (c) an investment 
adviser registered under the Advisers Act or, if not registered an as investment 
adviser under the Advisers Act by reason of Paragraph (I) of Section 203A of such 
Act, is registered as an investment adviser under the laws of a State (referred to in 
such paragraph (1)) in which the Plan Investor maintains its principal office and 
place of business; (d) a broker-dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act 
PROPRWARY AND CONFIDEN17AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038964 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185148 
EFTA01354370

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354371.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
of 1934; and/or (e) an independent fiduciary that holds, or has under management 
or control, total assets of at least $50 million (provided that this clause (e) shall not 
be satisfied if the Investor Fiduciary is either (i) the owner or a relative of the owner 
of an investing IRA or (ii) a participant or beneficiary of the Plan Investor investing 
in such capacity); 
(15) 
the Investor Fiduciary is a fiduciary of the Investor within the meaning of ERISA 
and/or the Code with respect to the Investor's proposed purchase of an Interest; 
(16) 
the Investor Fiduciary is independent of iCapital and its Affiliates, in that it has no 
relationship to, or interest in, any of the foregoing persons that might affect the 
exercise of its best judgment as a fiduciary; 
(17) 
the Investor Fiduciary has the discretionary authority to make the proposed 
purchase of an Interest and, by executing this Agreement, has so exercised that 
authority exclusively; 
(18) 
the funds so constituting plan assets have been identified in writing to the General 
Partner; 
(19) 
the Investor's proposed purchase of an Interest is permissible under the documents 
governing the investment of such plan assets; 
(20) 
in making the proposed purchase of an Interest, the Investor and the Investor 
Fiduciary are aware of and have taken into consideration the diversification 
requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA or other applicable law, if any, and 
the decision to invest plan assets in the Partnership is consistent with such 
provisions; 
(21) 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the acquisition and redemption 
of the Interest, either (a) is not a prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code, 
or (b) is exempt from the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of ERISA 
and Section 4975(c)(1XA)—(D) of the Code by virtue of a Department of Labor 
Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or some other exemption of such rules; 
(22) 
if the Investor is an employee benefit plan subject to the fiduciary provisions of 
Title I of ERISA with total assets of less than $50 million or an individual 
retirement account, Keogh plan and/or other plan subject to Section 4975 of the 
Code that is not subject to the fiduciary provisions of ERISA (or if the Investor is 
an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of such an account or plan), 
none of the Partnership, the General Partner or any of their Affiliates has had any 
interaction, contact or discussions with the Investor, other than through the 
Investor Fiduciary, relating in any way to the investment by the Investor; 
(23) 
to the extent the Investor is an individual retirement account, Keogh plan and/or 
other plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code that is not subject to the fiduciary 
provisions of ERISA (or if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets include 
the assets of such an account or plan), (a) the Investor Fiduciary is not the "IRA 
owner" (within the meaning of Department of Labor Regulations Section 2510.3-
21(g)(5)) of the Investor (or, if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets 
include the assets of an individual retirement account, the Investor Fiduciary is not 
PROP:UE-14El AND CONF1DEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038965 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_001 85149 
EFTA01354371

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354372.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
the "IRA owner" of such an individual retirement account), and (b) to the extent 
the Investor's Interest is being held by a custodian, (x) the General Partner may, 
without further instruction or consent of the Investor or any beneficial owner of 
the Investor, re-register the Investor's Interests in the name of the beneficial owner 
of such Investor upon instruction provided by such custodian that it is no longer 
willing to retain custody or act as custodian for the Investor's Interests and the 
Investor has not simultaneously provided a substitute custodian for such individual 
retirement account, and (y) such re-registration may have adverse consequences to 
the beneficial owner of such individual retirement account; 
(24) 
if the Investor is acquiring an Interest with the assets of the general account of an 
insurance company, the Investor represents. warrants and covenants that on each 
day the Investor owns an Interest either (a) the assets of such general account arc 
not considered to be plan assets within the meaning of Department of Labor 
Regulations Section 2510.3-101 or Department of Labor regulations issued 
pursuant to Section 401(c)( I )(A) of ERISA, or (b) the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement, and the acquisition and redemption of the Interest, is exempt from 
the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of ERISA and Section 
4975(e)( I )(A)—(D) of the Code by virtue of Department of Labor Prohibited 
Transaction Class Exemption 95-60 or some other exemption of such rules; 
(25) 
by signing this Agreement. each Investor that is either a Plan Investor or using the 
assets of an insurance company general account hereby covenants that if, after its 
initial acquisition of an Interest, at any time during any month the percentage of 
the assets of such general account (as reasonably determined by the Investor) or 
Plan Investor, as applicable, that constitute "plan assets" for purposes of Tide I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code exceeds the percentage specified by the 
Investor in Question 4(a) of Exhibit B or Question 2 of Exhibit E, then such 
Investor shall promptly notify the General Partner of such occurrence in writing; 
and 
(26) 
The Investor agrees that the foregoing acknowledgements and representations 
shall be deemed continuing acknowledgements and representations, and the 
Investor shall immediately notify the Partnership in writing if any of such 
acknowledgements or representations becomes untrue or materially misleading. 
(ft) 
Non-U.S. Emnlovee Benefit Plans. If the investment in the Interest is being 
made on behalf of an employee benefit plan maintained outside of the United States primarily for 
the benefit of persons substantially all of whom are nonresident aliens (as described in Section 
4(b)(4) of ERISA), (i) there is no provision in the instruments governing such plan or any federal, 
state or local or foreign law, rule, regulation or constitutional provision applicable to the plan that 
could in any respect affect the operation of the Partnership by the General Partner or prohibit any 
action contemplated by the operational documents and related disclosure of the Partnership, 
including, without limitation, the investments which may be made pursuant to the Partnership's 
investment strategies, the concentration of investments for the Partnership and the payment by the 
plan of incentive or other fees, and (ii) the plan's investment in the Partnership will not conflict 
with or violate the instruments governing such plan or any federal, state or local or foreign law, 
rule, regulation or constitutional provision applicable to the plan. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038966 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185150 
EFTA01354372

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354373.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
3. 
Closing and Capital Contributions. 
(a) 
The closing of the sale and purchase of the Interest (the "Closing") shall take place 
on such date and at such time and place as shall be selected by the General Partner. The initial capital 
contribution for the purchase of the Investor's Interest as well as each additional capital contribution shall 
take place at such times and in the manner specified in the Partnership Agreement. 
(b) 
The Investor hereby directs the Investment Manager of the Partnership to invest 
all of the funds contributed to the Partnership by the Investor (except to the extent such assets are used to 
pay expenses or used for other purposes pursuant to the terms of the Partnership Agreement). The Investor's 
act of making any subsequent contributions to, or its purchase of any additional Interest in, the Partnership 
will be evidence of the Investor's reaffirmation of this direction. 
4. 
Agreements with Other Limited Partners. The purchases of the Interest by the Investor 
and interests in the Partnership by the other Limited Partners are to be separate purchases from the 
Partnership and the sales of the Interest to the Investor and interests in the Partnership to the other Limited 
Partners are to be separate sales by the Partnership. This Agreement and the subscription agreements to be 
executed by such other Limited Partners are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the "Subscription 
Agreements." 
5. 
Representations and Warranties of the Partnership and the General Partner. The 
Partnership and the General Partner hereby represent and warrant to the Investor that at the time of the 
Closing: 
(a) 
Organization and Standing of the Partnership. 
The Partnership is duly 
organized and validly existing as a limited partnership under the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited 
Partnership Act, as amended (the "Delaware Act") and has all requisite power and authority under the 
Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act to enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement, to 
conduct its activities as described in the Partnership Agreement, to issue and sell the Interest and to admit 
the Investor to the Partnership. 
(b) 
Governmental and Regulatory Approval. Neither the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement, nor the offer or sale of the Interest, requires any material consent, approval or authorization 
from, or filing, registration or qualification with, any United States federal, state or local governmental or 
regulatory authority (including, without limitation, registration under the Securities Act), on the part of the 
Partnership, except for (i) compliance by the Partnership and the General Partner with the requirements of 
any applicable United States state securities laws, and (ii) filing by the Partnership of a Form D with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") pursuant to Regulation D. 
(c) 
Sale of the Interests. All action required to be taken by the General Partner and 
the Partnership as a condition to the sale of the Interest purchased by the Investor has been taken, and the 
Investor will be a Limited Partner of the Partnership entitled to all the benefits, and subject to all the 
obligations, of a Limited Partner under the Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act. 
(d) 
Due Execution and Delivery. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and, assuming the due authorization, execution 
and delivery thereof by the Investor, is a valid and binding obligation of the Partnership, enforceable against 
it in accordance with its terms. The Partnership Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the 
General Partner and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the Limited 
Partners, is a valid and binding obligation of the General Partner, enforceable against the General Partner 
in accordance with its terms. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038967 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185151 
EFTA01354373

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354374.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354374.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Status. Based in part upon the representations of the 
Limited Partners contained in the Subscription Agreements, the Partnership is not required to be registered 
as an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act, after giving effect to the 
transactions contemplated in the Partnership Agreement. 
6. 
Power of Attorne 
(a) 
The Investor hereby appoints Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP 
LLC (the "General Partner") and iCapital Advisors, LLC (and any substitute or successor thereto) (the 
"Investment Manager, as its true and lawful attorneys (collectively, the "Attorneys") in its name, place 
and stead, (i) to receive and pay over to the General Partner on behalf and at the direction of the Investor, 
to the extent set forth in this Subscription Agreement, all funds received hereunder, (ii) to complete or 
correct, on behalf of the Investor, all documents to be executed by the Investor in connection with the 
Investor's subscription for an Interest, including, without limitation, filling in or amending amounts, dates 
and other pertinent information required in this Subscription Agreement; (iii) to act on behalf of such 
Investor with respect to any of the actions that may be taken against it as a Limited Partner in the event of 
a default by such Limited Partner, as described in the Memorandum; and (iv) as applicable, to make, 
execute, sign, acknowledge and deliver or file for and on behalf of the Investor, and in its name, place and 
stead (A) the Partnership Agreement and any amendment, modification or change to such agreement; (B) 
the agreement of limited partnership and any amendment, modification or change to such agreement of any 
parallel investment entity or feeder fund established in accordance with the provisions of the Partnership 
Agreement; (C) any agreements or other documents relating to the obligations of the Partnership, as limited 
and defined in the Partnership Agreement; (D) any other certificate, consent, or other instrument which may 
be required by law to be filed by the Partnership or the partners thereof under the laws of any country, 
territory, state or other jurisdiction, if the Attorney deems such filing necessary or desirable, in each case 
said signature thereon on behalf of the Investor being conclusive evidence of the approval of the Investor 
of the terms thereof. 
(b) 
The foregoing grant of authority (I) is a special power of attorney deemed coupled 
with an interest in favor of the Attorney and as such shall be irrevocable and shall survive the death or 
disability of a Limited Partner that is a natural person or the merger, dissolution or other termination of the 
existence of a Limited Partner that is a corporation, association, partnership, limited liability company or 
trust and (2) shall survive the assignment by the Limited Partner of the whole or any portion of its Interest, 
except that where the assignee of the whole thereof has furnished a power of attorney. this power of attorney 
shall survive such assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the Attorneys to execute, acknowledge and 
file any instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the assignee for the assignor as a 
Limited Partner and shall thereafter terminate. The Investor hereby acknowledges that it and each other 
Limited Partner has executed this special power of attorney, and that each Limited Partner will rely on the 
effectiveness of such powers with a view to the orderly administration of the Partnership's affairs. 
7. 
Expenses. Each party hereto will pay its own expenses relating to this Agreement and the 
purchase of the Investor's Interest in the Partnership hereunder. 
8. 
Amendments. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, waived, 
discharged or terminated except with the written consent of the Investor and the General Partner. 
9. 
Reduction or Rejection of Subscription. 
The Investor acknowledges that the 
subscription for the Interest contained herein may be reduced or rejected by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion at any time prior to the Closing. No subscription shall be deemed accepted, and the Investor 
shall not become a Limited Partner, until the subscription has been accepted in writing and, if necessary•, 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038968 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_001 85152 
EFTA01354374

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354375.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
any subsequent acts including issuance of the Interest have been taken, which shall be deemed an 
acceptance of this Agreement by the Partnership for all purposes. 
10. 
Confirmation of Representations; Additional Investor Information. 
(a) 
The Investor understands that the information provided herein (including the 
exhibits hereto) will be relied upon by the Partnership and the General Partner for the purpose of 
determining the eligibility of the Investor to purchase the Interest. The Investor agrees to provide, if 
requested, any additional information that may reasonably be required to determine (i) the eligibility of the 
Investor to purchase or hold the Interest and participate in its investment in the Underlying Fund, (ii) the 
Partnership's or the General Partner's compliance with applicable regulatory (including tax and ERISA) 
requirements or (iii) the Partnership's tax status. The Investor represents and agrees that the information 
provided herein (including the exhibits hereto) regarding the Investor is true and correct as of the date it 
executes this Agreement and will be true and correct as of the Closing and as of the date of each capital 
contribution by the Investor to the Partnership. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if there 
should be any change in the information provided herein or in any exhibit or schedule hereto regarding the 
Investor prior to the Closing or at any time during the term of the Partnership, the Investor will immediately 
furnish revised or corrected information to the General Partner in writing. The Investor will furnish to the 
Partnership, upon request, any other information about the Investor reasonably determined by the General 
Partner to be necessary or convenient for the formation, operation, dissolution, winding up or termination 
of the Partnership; provided that such other information is in the Investor's possession or is available to the 
Investor without unreasonable effort or expense. In addition, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that it 
will upon request be required to complete and submit to the Partnership and/or the General Partner a 
questionnaire regarding Disqualifying Events. The Investor further understands and acknowledges that the 
Underlying Fund may be offered in reliance on Rule 506 and the Partnership may be required to make 
representations to the Underlying Fund Manager that the Partnership and its beneficial owners and certain 
Affiliates have not been subject to a Disqualifying Event. 
The Investor further understands and 
acknowledges that the Partnership may take any steps it deems reasonably necessary to comply with the 
conditions set forth in Rule 506 under the Securities Act applicable to the offering and sale of the Interest 
(including, but not limited to, compulsorily redeeming all or a portion of the Interest held by the Investor 
or requiring the Investor to waive all or a portion of its voting power with respect to the Partnership). 
(b) 
If the Investor holds a wealth management or similar account with its Financial 
Advisor (a "Financial Advisor Account"), the Investor may agree that all Capital Contributions and 
distributions will be made through such Financial Advisor Account pursuant to a letter of authorization: 
provided that the Investor understands that if it closes such Financial Advisor Account during the term of 
the Partnership such Financial Advisor shall be permitted to provide the General Partner or the 
Administrator with such documentation obtained from the Investor with respect to identification 
verification information or other information required by anti-money laundering or other governmental 
regulations and if the General Partner or the Administrator is unable to obtain this information from the 
Financial Advisor or the Investor, the General Partner may "freeze" the Investor's Interest, either by 
prohibiting additional Capital Contributions or distributions or declining any transfer request. 
11. 
Indemnity. The Investor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership. the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager, any Affiliate of the Partnership, the General Partner or the 
Investment Manager and any director, officer, partner, member, manager, employee, or agent of any such 
party (the "Indemnitees"), from and against any loss, damage, or liability (a) due to or arising out of a 
breach of any representation or warranty (including any misrepresentation made by the Investor with 
respect to the matters about which representations and warranties are required) or any failure to fulfill any 
covenants or agreements of the Investor contained in this Agreement (including the exhibits hereto) or in 
any other documents provided by the Investor to the Partnership, the General Partner or the Investment 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038969 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_001 85153 
EFTA01354375

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354376.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Manager in connection with the Investor's investment in the Partnership or (b) arising as a result of the sale 
or distribution of the Interest by the Investor in violation of the Securities Act or other applicable law. 
12. 
Withholding Forms; Additional Information. 
(a) 
The Investor represents, warrants and agrees (for the benefit of the Partnership and 
of any Person that participated in the offer or sale of the Interest) that it will provide in a timely manner 
such information regarding the Investor and its beneficial owners and forms as requested by the General 
Partner, including (i) a properly completed Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Tax Form W-8BEN, W-
8BEN-E, W-8IMY, W-8EXP or W-8ECI (each, a foreign person certificate) or W-9 (a U.S. person 
certificate), as appropriate, (ii) any forms requested by the General Partner to comply with the Partnership's 
obligations under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, all rules, regulations and 
other guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, any agreements 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, and all applicable 
intergovernmental agreements entered into between the United States and another country (or local country 
legislation enacted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement) (collectively "FATCA") and the OECD 
Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information - Common Reporting Standard (the 
"CRS"), including any local or intergovernmental legislation. regulation or guidance that has been adopted 
to implement CRS, and (iii) the forms of any other national, provincial, state, local or other taxing authority, 
and shall cooperate with the General Partner upon its request in order to maintain appropriate records and 
provide for withholding amounts under applicable tax laws, if any, relating to the Investor's Interest in the 
Partnership, and, further, in the event that the Investor fails to provide such information and/or forms, the 
General Partner, the Partnership and their respective direct or indirect partners, members, managers, 
officers, directors, employees, agents, service providers and their Affiliates shall have no obligation or 
liability to the Investor with respect to any tax matters or obligations that may be assessed against the 
Investor or its beneficial owners. The Investor expressly acknowledges that such tax forms and withholding 
information may be provided to any withholding agent that has control, receipt or custody of the income of 
which the Investor is the beneficial owner or any withholding agent that can disburse or make payments of 
the income of which the Investor is the beneficial owner. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or 
in the Partnership Agreement to the contrary, the Investor hereby waives the application of any non-U.S. 
law to the extent such law would prevent the Partnership or the General Partner from reporting to the IRS 
and/or the U.S. Treasury or any other governmental authority any information required to be reported 
pursuant to FATCA or CRS with respect to the Investor or its beneficial owners. 
(b) 
In addition to any information required to be provided pursuant to Section 12(a) 
above, the Investor covenants and agrees to provide promptly, and update periodically, at any times 
requested by the General Partner, any information (or verification thereof) the General Partner deems 
necessary to comply with audit requirements, adjustments and compliance imposed under Code §§ 6225 
and 6226. 
13. 
Electronic Schedule K-I. The Investor hereby consents to receive Schedule K-I 
electronically (the "Consent") from the Partnership. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that: 
(a) 
Any Investor that does not Consent will be provided with a paper copy of Schedule 
K-I, which will be mailed to the Investor's address on file with the Partnership. and the Investor will pay 
all costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, assembly and deliver), of such Schedule K-I. 
Failure to pay such costs and expenses shall constitute a default pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. All 
Investors that Consent will receive Schedule K-Is only in electronic form. 
(b) 
The Consent applies to each Schedule K-I required to be furnished to the Investor 
by the Partnership unless and until a formal withdrawal of Consent is received by the Partnership. The 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038970 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001851 54 
EFTA01354376

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354377.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Investor may formally withdraw Consent by writing (electronically or on paper) to Investor Relations at 
iCapital Network, 60 East 42nd Street, 26" Floor, New York, NY, 10165, or by e-mail at 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com. The withdrawal of Consent will be effective either on the date it is received by 
the Partnership, or on a subsequent date determined by the Partnership and communicated to the Investor 
within 60 days after the Partnership receives the withdrawal. The Partnership will confirm the withdrawal 
and the date on which it takes effect in writing. A withdrawal of Consent does not apply to a Schedule K-I 
that was furnished electronically before the date on which the withdrawal takes effect. 
(c) 
The Investor must inform the Partnership of any updated contact information, 
including e-mail address, mailing address and phone number, as soon as possible. The Partnership will 
inform the Investor of any change in the Partnership's contact information. 
(d) 
The Investor will be required to confirm this Consent electronically through the 
iCapital Platform prior to accessing the Investor's Schedule K-1. 
14. 
(v) 
Access to the Internet, an c-mail address and Adobe®Reader® is required to 
access, print and retain the Schedule K-I. The Schedule K-I may be required to be printed and attached to 
a Federal, State or local income tax return. 
15. 
General. 
This Agreement (i) shall be binding upon the Investor and the legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the Investor, (ii) shall survive the admission of the 
Investor as a Limited Partner of the Partnership, (iii) shall not be assignable by the Investor without the 
prior written consent of the General Partner, and (iv) shall, if the Investor consists of more than one person 
or entity, be the joint and several obligation of all such persons or entities. Two or more duplicate originals 
of this Agreement may be executed by the undersigned and accepted by the Partnership, each of which shall 
be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall 
be governed by the intemal laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its conflicts of laws). Any 
term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such 
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or 
unenforceable the remaining terms or provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or 
enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any ogler jurisdiction. Captions and 
headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect 
the meaning hereof 
16. 
Jurisdiction. The courts of the State of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction over 
any action, suit or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, and the Investor hereby irrevocably waives. 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may have, whether now or in the future, to the 
laying of venue in, or to the jurisdiction of, any and each of such courts for the purposes of any such suit, 
action, proceeding or judgment and further waives any claim that any such suit, action, proceeding or 
judgment has been brought in an inconvenient forum, and the Investor hereby submits to such jurisdiction. 
The parties hereby agree that no punitive or consequential damages shall be awarded in any such action. 
suit or proceeding. 
* * * 
THE INVESTOR MUST COMPLETE, SIGN AND DELIVER THE FOLLOWING LIMITED PARTNER 
SIGNATURE PAGE AND ALL APPLICABLE EXHIBITS TO THE GENERAL PARTNER 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038971 
SONY GM_00185155 
EFTA01354377

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354378.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I have received and reviewed the Supplement to the Private 
Placement Memorandum that contains specific infonnation relating to the fees in respect of my investment 
that will be paid to my advisor. 
UPFRONT PLACEMENT FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I will be charged an upfront placement fee equal to the following 
percentage of my Subscription, which amount will be collected by and paid to my advisor 
%. The 
Placement Fee (as defined in the Memorandum) is charged in addition to your Subscription to the 
Partnership and not deducted from the Subscription amount and shall not constitute a capital contribution 
with respect to your investment in the Partnership. 
INVESTOR SIGNATURE PAGE 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned executes this Agreement and acknowledges by its 
signature below that it (i) has reviewed this Agreement, including all applicable Exhibits hereto, and such 
additional information it deems appropriate in connection with its investment in the Partnership, and 
(ii) agrees to be bound by the terms hereof on the date first set forth above. Upon acceptance below by the 
General Partner, the undersigned shall be admitted as a Limited Partner of the Partnership. 
(Sign here) 
(Sign here) 
Name of Signatory:  
Title of Signatory (if applicable):  
Country in which this Agreement 
was signed:  
Date: 
(Sign here) 
Name of Signatory:  
Title of Signatory (if applicable):  
Date: 
Net Amount of Interest 
Requested in USD: $ 
Name of Investor (Individual or 
Entity Name):  
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038972 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185158 
EFTA01354378

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354379.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Name of Advisor: 
Account Number: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038973 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185157 
EFTA01354379

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354380.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Each prospective Investor is required to complete either the column titled "For Individuals" or the column 
titled "For Entities-. as applicable. 
I am investing as an: 
K 
Individual 
K 
Entity 
I am an Indk aka! H Entity that is a U.S. Person': K Yes K No 
FOR INDIVIDUALS: 
FOR ENTITIES: 
Type of Individual: 
Type of Entity: 
State/Province and Country of Residence of 
Jurisdiction of Organization: 
Investor for Tax Purposes: 
Domicile: 
Social Security No. or Tax Identification 
No: 
Tax Identification No.: 
Permanent Address: 
Permanent Address: 
Mailing Address (if different from above): 
Mailing Address (if different from above): 
Date of Birth: 
 Date of Formation: 
Telephone No: 
Telephone No:  
Email Address: 
Email 
Address: 
For definition of "U.S. Person'. please see Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act 
PROPRIETARY AND CONF7DEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038974 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185158 
EFTA01354380

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354381.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Employment Status (employed, unemployed, 
If the year end of the Investor for tax purposes is 
retired, self-employed): 
not December 31, specify tax year end: 
Employer (if applicable): 
FOIA Partners 
Yes 
No 
Occupation: 
Please see Section 2(cc)of this Agreement for the definition of the term "FOI A Panner" 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038975 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185159 
EFTA01354381

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354382.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
GENERAL PARTNER SIGNATURE PAGE 
Investors should skip this page. 
The General Partner for and on behalf of the Partnership hereby accepts the foregoing subscription 
either for: (a) the amount of Interest set forth below, which will be equal to or less than the amount offered by 
the Limited Partner above, or (b) if left blank, then the Limited Partners entire requested amount of Interest 
set forth next to the Limited Partner's signature above. 
Net Amount of Interest: $ 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
By: Institutional Capital Network, Inc., its sole member 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038976 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185180 
EFTA01354382

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354383.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
WIRE INSTRUCTIONS 
Initial Capital Contribution. The General Partner will provide written notice of the exact size and timing 
of the initial capital contribution required by the Investor and the wire instructions for the account if 
necessary in advance of the closing of the Partnership. 
Distributions. Please provide the wire instructions for the bank account for this investment. 
Distributions from the Partnership will be sent to this account. Please ensure that this account is in the 
exact name of the Investor as provided above and that it is the same account as the initial capital 
contribution. 
Beneficiary Bank Name: 
Beneficiary ABA Number (if applicable): 
Beneficiary Swift Codc (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Name (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Number (if applicable): 
Client Account Name: 
Client Account Number: 
FFC (if applicable): 
Reference (if applicable): 
If your account is with a non-U.S. bank, please provide the additional information below: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Bank Name: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary ABA Number (if applicable):  
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Swift Code (if applicable):  
International Bank Account Number (IBAN): 
Source of Funds. Please indicate the source of the funds being invested in the Partnership: 
K 
Salary 
K 
Savings 
K 
Inheritance 
K 
Gift 
K 
Retirement / Redundancy Payment 
K 
Windfall / Compensation Payment 
Other: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038977 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185161 
EFTA01354383

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354384.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354384.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
ADVISOR INFORMATION 
If you were introduced to the Partnership or iCapital Network by a Financial Advisor, your Financial 
Advisor will be copied on all communications related to your investment in the Partnership. 
Please provide my Advisor with access to all correspondence from the Partnership. 
My Advisor is: 
Name of Firm: 
Name of Representative: 
Email address of Representative: 
K 
Please send all correspondence from the Partnership exclusively to my Advisor 
listed above. Please note that certain correspondence will still be sent to the Investor as 
required by law. 
INVESTOR CONTACT INFORMATION 
Please complete the following information for each additional individual who will receive notices and 
other communications from the Partnership or the General Partner. 
K Yes, please copy the following individuals on correspondence from the Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
K No, do not copy any additional individuals on correspondence from the Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038978 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_001 85182 
EFTA01354384

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354385.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038979 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185183 
EFTA01354385

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354386.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354386.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Exhibit B 
FOR INDIVIDUALS 
INVESTOR STATUS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that the answers provided below completely and accurately 
describe the Investor. 
The Investor is a natural person whose net worth, either individually or jointly with such person's spouse, 
at the time of purchase, equals (exclusive of the value of the Investor's primary residence): 
D 
Less than $500,000 
O 
$500,000 - $999,999 
O 
$1,000,000 - $4,999,999 
D 
$5,000,000 - $9,999,999 
O 
$10,000,000 or more 
The Investor is a natural person who had individual income on the amounts specified below, or joint income 
with that person's spouse in the amount specified below, in the previous two calendar years and reasonably 
expects to reach the same income level in the current calendar year: 
2016 Income: 
2017 Income: 
O 
$199,999 or less 
K 
$199,999 or less 
O 
$200,000-$299,999 
O 
$200,000-$299,999 
O 
$300,000-$499,999 
O 
$300,000-$499,999 
K 
$500,000 or greater 
$500,000 or greater 
The above amounts are calculated: 
O 
Individually 
K 
Together with my spouse 
The Investor is a natural person (including a person who will hold a joint, community property or similar 
shared ownership interest in the Partnership with that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments' worth: 
D 
Less than $5,000,000 
O 
$5,000,000 - $10.000,000 
O 
More than $ I 0,000,000 
For definition of "invesunents." see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
B-I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038980 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185164 
EFTA01354386

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354387.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
4. 
Please indicate whether the Investor is investing the assets of any retirement plan, employee benefit 
plan or other similar agreement that is subject to Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as an IRA or "Keogh" plan) (a "Plan Investor"): 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
(a) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate what percentage of the 
Investor's assets invested in the Partnership arc the assets of a plan. individual retirement account 
or other arrangement that is described in Section 4975 of the Code, whether or not such plan, 
account or arrangement is subject to Section 4975 of the Code: 
o 
Less than 25% and the percentage is 
%. 
25% or more and the percentage is 
%. 
(b) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate whether or not the Investor 
is, or is acting (directly or indirectly) on behalf of, (A) an employee benefit plan (within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to Title I of ERISA. (B) an insurance company using general 
account assets, if such general account assets are deemed to include the assets of any of the 
foregoing types of plans, accounts or arrangements, for purposes of Tide I of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code under Section 401(c)(1XA) of ERISA or the regulations promulgated thereunder, 
or (C) an entity which is deemed to hold the assets of any of the foregoing types of plans, accounts 
or arrangements: 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
5. 
Please indicate whether or not the Investor is subject to any other federal, state, local, non-U.S. or 
other laws or regulations that could cause the underlying assets of the Partnership to be treated as assets of 
the Plan Investor by virtue of its investment in the Partnership and thereby subject the Partnership and the 
General Partner (or other persons responsible for the investment and operation of the Partnership's assets) 
to laws or regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction provisions 
contained in Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
If the Investor answered "Yes" above, please contact the General Partner immediately. 
PROPRfETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
B-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038981 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_001 85165 
EFTA01354387

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354388.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Exhibit C 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
K 
The Investor is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, a Maccarhusetts or 
similar business trust, or an organization described in Section 501(cX3) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder that was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest, with 
total assets in excess of $5,000.000. 
K 
Any trust with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose 
of acquiring the Interest, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person as 
described in Rule 506(bX2)(ii) of Regulation D. 
K 
The Investor is an entity which falls within one of the following categories of 
accredited investor set forth in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act: 
K 
A bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or any savings 
and loan association or other institution as defined in Section 3(a)(5XA) of 
the Securities Act whether acting in its individual or fiduciary• capacity (this 
includes a trust for which a bank acts as trustee and exercises investment 
discretion with respect to the trust's decision to invest in the Partnership). 
K 
An insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities Act. 
K 
A broker-dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
K 
An investment company registered under the Investment Company Act. 
K 
A business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the 
Investment Company Act. 
K 
A Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small 
Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business 
Investment Act of 1958, as amended. 
Any 
private 
business 
development 
company 
as 
defined 
in 
Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
K 
Any plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, 
or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
C-3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038982 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185188 
EFTA01354388

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354389.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
the benefit of its employees, if such a plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000. 
An employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made by a plan 
fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, 
savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment 
adviser, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000, or, if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made 
solely by persons that are Accredited Investors. 
The Investor is an entity in which all of the equity owners are Accredited Investors. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
C-4 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038983 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185167 
EFTA01354389

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354390.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Exhibit I) 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT REPRESENTATIONS 
A. 
The Investor is a "qualified purchaser" as defined in Section 2(aX51)(A) of the Investment 
Company Act as a result of 
(I) 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
The Investor is a company' that (i) owns not less than $5,000,000 in 
investments,2 (ii) is owned directly or indirectly by or for two or more natural 
persons who are related as siblings or spouse (including former spouses), or 
direct lineal descendants by birth or adoption, spouses of such persons. the 
estates of such persons, or foundations, charitable organizations or trusts 
established by or for the benefit of such persons, and (iii) was not formed for 
the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. 
O 
(2) 
The Investor is a company, partnership or trust, acting for its own account or the 
accounts of other qualified purchasers, that (i) was not formed for the specific 
purpose of acquiring the Interest, and (ii) in the aggregate owns and invests on 
a discretionary basis not less than ¶25,000.000 in -investments." 
(3) 
The Investor is a trust not covered by Item 1 of this Exhibit that was not formed 
for the purpose of acquiring the Interest, as to which the trustee or other person 
authorized to make decisions with respect to the trust, and each senior or other 
person who has contributed assets to the trust is (a) a person described in Item 
I or Item 2 above, or (b) a natural person (including a person who will hold a 
joint, community property or similar shared ownership interest in the 
Partnership with that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments' worth not less than $5,000,000. 
K 
(4) 
The Investor is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in paragraph (a) of 
Rule I44A promulgated under the Securities Act) meeting the requirements of 
Rule 2a51-1(g) promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 2(a)(8) of the Investment Company Act defines "company" as a corporation. partnership, association. 
joint stock company. trust, fund or any organized group of persons whether incorporated or not. If the Investor 
is a company that, but for the exceptions provided for in paragraph (1) or (7) of Section 3(c) of the Investment 
Company Act, would be an investment company (an "excepted investment company"), all beneficial owners of 
its outstanding securities (other than short-term paper). determined in accordance with Section 3(cXIXA) on the 
Investment Company Act. that acquired such secunties on or before April 30.19% (as "pm-amendment beneficial 
owners"), and all pm amendment beneficial owners of the outstanding securities (other thin short-team paper) of 
any excepted investment company that. directly or indirectly owns any outstanding securities of such excepted 
investment company. have consented to its treatment as a qualified purchaser. See Rule 2a51 2(e) promulgated 
under the Investment Company Act. 
For definition of "investments." see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
D-I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038984 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185188 
EFTA01354390

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354391.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
K 
(5) 
The Investor is a company all of the securities of which are beneficially owned 
by "qualified purchasers." 
B. 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company or other organization. 
please check the appropriate box in response to each question. 
(1) 
The Investor is not (i) an "investment company" as defined in the hwestmcnt 
Company Act, (ii) a "business development company," as defined in the Investment 
Company Act or (iii) an entity which would be an "investment company" as defined in 
the Investment Company Act but for the exceptions provided for in Section 3(cX1) and 
Section 3(cX7) of the Investment Company Act. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
(2) 
Assuming the Investor holds less than 10% of the interests in the Partnership, 
the Investor constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment 
Company Act. 
K 
True 
K 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one: 
(3) 
Assuming the Investor holds 10% or more of the interests in the Partnership. the 
Investor constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment 
Company Act. 
K 
True 
K 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one: 
(4) 
The Investor is managed as a collective investment vehicle, such that the 
Investor's stockholders, partners, members or other beneficial owners, if any, have no 
individual discretion as to their participation or non-participation in the purchase of the 
Interest and will have no individual discretion as to their participation or non-
participation in particular investments made by the Partnership. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
(5) 
The Investor was not formed, organized or recapitalized (and is not to be 
recapitalized) for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. For the purposes of the 
preceding sentence, -recapitalized" includes. without limitation, new investments made 
in the Investor solely for the purpose of financing the Investor's acquisition of the 
Interest and not made pursuant to a prior financial commitment. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038985 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185189 
EFTA01354391

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354392.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(6) 
The Investor has not committed and will not invest more than 40% of its assets 
(including "committed capital") in any single entity, including the Partnership. 
"Committed capital" includes all amounts that have been contributed to the Investor by 
its shareholders, partners or other equity holders plus all amounts which such persons or 
entities remain obligated to contribute to it. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
C. 
(i) 
Does the Investor have one or more ultimate beneficiaries who (i) am entitled to 10% or 
more of the proceeds from this investment or (ii) hold 10% or more of the control rights of the Investor? 
O Yes* 
No 
(ii) 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries publicly traded? 
K Yes* 
K No 
(iii) 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries a regulated entity? 
K Yes• 
K No 
If the responses to any of the above questions in (C)(i)-(iii) is "Yes," please complete the 
following chart. 
Name of Investor and Each 10% 
Beneficial Owner 
If the Investor or My 
of the 10% Beneficial 
Owners Is Publicly 
Traded, Please Identify 
the Exchange 
If the Investor or Any of the 
10% Beneficial Owners Is a 
Regulated Entity, Please 
Identify Regulator and 
Jurisdiction 
* If yes, please provide further information in the chart or. if there is insufficient space in the chart, please include 
additional sheets of paper with the relevant information. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038986 
SDNY GM_00185170 
EFTA01354392

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354393.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Exhibit E 
PLAN INVESTOR REPRESENTATIONS 
This exhibit is applicable only to Investors who arc "Plan Investors": (1) U.S. pension or other 
employee benefit plans subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement plans); (2) U.S. plans or accounts subject to Section 
4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as IRAs or Keoghs); (3) entities 
deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans described in the preceding bullets (such as certain hedge funds 
that manage ERISA assets); or (4) fiduciaries that otherwise manage or handle the assets of any of the plans 
or entities described in Items 1-3. Each Plan Investor hereby represents and warrants as follows: 
(Please Check "Yes" or "No" as Applicable) 
1. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, that is subject to Title I of ERISA; (ii) a "plan" within 
the meaning of Section 4975(eX I) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code; 
or (iii) any other entity or account that is deemed under applicable law to hold the assets of 
a plan described in (i) or (ii). 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
2. 
The Plan Investor represents that it is, or is acting on behalf of, a person or entity the 
underlying assets of which are "plan assets" within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
K 
Yes. 
The Plan Investor holds "plan assets" and the percentage of 
interests in the Plan Investor held by benefits plan investors, 
determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA is 
%. 
K 
No. 
None of the Plan Investor's assets arc "plan assets" within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
IF AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE PARTNERSHIP, THE 
FOREGOING REPRESENTATION BECOMES INACCURATE, 
THE PLAN 
INVESTOR WILL NOTIFY THE PARTNERSHIP IMMEDIATELY. 
3. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behal f of: (i) a "governmental plan," within the meaning 
of Section 3(32) of ERISA; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity 
in which such a governmental plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a 
governmental plan holds an interest sufficient to subject the entity to applicable state or 
local law governing governmental plans. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
4. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "church plan" within the meaning of 
Section 3(33) of ERISA with respect to which no election has been made under 
Section 410(d) of the Code; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity 
in which such a church plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a church plan holds 
an interest sufficient to subject the entity to the Ades and policies governing the sponsoring 
church. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
E-1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038987 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_0O186171 
EFTA01354393

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354394.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
If the Plan Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing questions in this Exhibit E, 
please contact the General Partner immediately. 
5. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of, an "employee benefit plan" which is 
organized outside of the United States. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
6. 
If the Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor represents and warrants 
that, except as otherwise disclosed to the Partnership, the participants in such employee 
benefit plan or plan are not permitted to self-direct investments. If the participants in such 
employee benefit plan or plan are permitted to self-direct investments, more information 
may be required. Please contact iCapital for further instruction. 
7. 
If the undersigned Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor hereby 
represents and warrants to and agrees with the Partnership that: 
(a) The decision to invest assets of the Investor in the Partnership was made by fiduciaries 
independent of the General Partner or the Administrator and any placement agent, which 
parties are duly authorized to make such investment decisions and who have not relied on 
any advice or recommendation of the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement 
agent or any of their respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, 
directors, agents, representatives or Affiliates; 
(b) None of the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or any of their 
respective employees, representatives, agents or Affiliates has exercised any discretionary 
authority or control with respect to the Investor's investment in the Partnership. nor have 
the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or any of their respective 
partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents, representatives or 
Affiliates rendered individualized investment advice to the Investor based upon the 
Investor's investment policies or strategy, overall portfolio composition or diversification; 
and 
(c) The tenns of the Partnership Agreement or other organizational document, including 
all exhibits and attachments thereto, comply with the Investor's governing instruments and 
applicable laws governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly advise the General 
Partner or the Administrator in writing of any changes in any governing law or any 
regulations or interpretations thereunder affecting the duties, responsibilities, liabilities or 
obligations of the Partnership, the General Partner or the Administrator or any of their 
respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents or 
Affiliates. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
E-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038988 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_001 85172 
EFTA01354394

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354395.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Exhibit F 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. and its affiliates, iCapital Advisors, LLC and iCapital 
Securities, LLC 
NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Pursuant to Regulation P, 12 C.F.R. 1016 (`•Regulation Ir) adopted by the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau, institutions that provide certain financial products or services to individuals to be used 
for personal, family, or household purposes are required to provide written notices to their customers 
regarding disclosure of nonpublic personal information. We have been advised that we may be subject to 
such requirement. This notice is being provided to you to comply with Regulation P so that you will know 
the type of information we collect about you and the circumstances in which the information may be 
disclosed to third parties. 
In order to accurately and efficiently conduct each fund's investment program. we must collect and 
maintain certain non-public information about you and the fund's other investors. We understand that it is 
our obligation to maintain the confidentiality of this information. As a consequence, we do not disclose 
any nonpublic personal information about our investors or former investors to anyone other than our 
affiliates, investors, service providers, counterparties and employees, except as permitted by law. The 
following describes how non-public information about you and the fund's other investors may be disclosed 
to such persons. 
We may provide limited personally-identifiable financial information such as a schedule of 
investors and capital account information, to all investors in each specific partnership. Certain of our 
investors may retain consultants who receive this information on their behalf. 
We collect, and may disclose to our affiliates and service providers (e.g., our attorneys, accountants, 
lending institutions and entities that assist us with the distribution of stock to our investors) on a -need to 
know" basis, certain nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources: 
Information we receive from you as set forth in your subscription agreement, investor questionnaire 
or similar forms, such as your name, address, and social security or tax identification number; and 
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates and service providers, or others. such as 
your participation in our fund, such as your capital account balance, contributions and distributions and, in 
the case of an investor that is an individual retirement account, information with regard to such account. 
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to 
know that information to provide services to the fund and its investors. We maintain physical, electronic, 
and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information. In addition, we will continue to 
assess new technology for protecting information with regard to our investors. If we have your consent, 
we may also share your personal information with entities other than our affiliates and service providers. 
We will provide notice of our privacy policy annually, as long as you maintain an investment with 
us. The policy may change from time to time, but you can always review our current policy by asking us 
for a copy. 
Should you have any questions regarding the above, please contact Investor Relations at 
ira icapitalnetwork.com. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
G-1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038989 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185173 
EFTA01354395

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354396.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
10/3/2013 4:11:50 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris I 
Subject: 
Case 0 01133377: has been assigned to you. 
O44 NEW CASE ASSIGNMENT NOTIFICATION " 4
The following case has been assigned to you. 
Customer Name: Indyke, Darren 
Contact Name: Darren Indyke 
Case 0: 01133377 
Type: 
Case Subject: KYC Annual Call Note 
Description: 
click on the link to access the case: https://na4.salesforce.com/5006000000T13GX 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038990 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185174 
EFTA01354396

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354397.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL 
DEMOCRATIZING
I
E
NETWORK 
INVESTMENTS 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV (US), L.P. 
v` a' Cain
ACCESS & UNDERLYING FUND TERMS 
ACCESS FUND 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.). L.P. 
GENERA' PAPTNER 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLG 
ItiVESTIAENT 
NA.WP 
Capital Advisors. ILC 
STRUCTURE 
Delon* LinItied Partnership 
STRArErok' 
The Access Fund wil nest 
Underlying Fund 
MINIMUM GOMI-111 ME r 1 t 
$250.000 
tanbally eV of its *wettable ra-tetS into the 
EI.IND TERM 
The Access Fund will continue in existence Mrough the one-year arnweesary 
of the dissolution of the Underlying Fc
 (and accordingly. shall extend 
&Somatically upon the extension of the Underlying Funds term). with two 
additions! one year optional extension periods at the discretion of as Generic 
Partner 
CAPITAL CALLS 
Generally upon 7 business days notice 
Rr Pcti:rINKI 
Oserterly reports. capital account statements and year-end auckted (vandal 
statement?. 
PLACEMENT FEE 
Up to 200% Payable to OBSI a an affiliate thereof' 
MANAGEMEFIT FEE 
<$3 Mit 
1.00% 
$3 - <$5 Mil 
$5 Miles 
0.25% 
075% 
I 
0.75% 
0.60% 
0.25% 
CARRIED INTERE:S 
No additional caned interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
SLIRSEe,)UENT CI. ()SING FEE 
f 
FIRST Cl On( 
Same as the Underlying Fund. including Min:Mx:Dom nada by corder investors 
for fees and expense?. of the Feeder 
UNDERLYING FUND 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
G€NERAL.. PARTNER 
Glendower Capital UP 
INVESTMENT MANAGER 
Glendower Capital SOF N (GP) Limited 
St PUG LURE 
Engish Private Fund Limited Partneeshp 
STRATEGY 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary men et global,
NUIIMUM COMM! T MEM 
$5 million 
FUND TERM 
years from the date of the Uisdedymg Fuld's Fos& Actnsvon Date plus up to 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions we at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF IV 
advisory committee) 
CA1)1 1 Al..
S 
For the p.eposes of *axing investments and/or paying expenses: generally iron 
tit railetS days prior written notice 
INVESTMENT PERK>D 
Four years from the Underlying Fund:: Fxnnl Adm.v,:on Date 
REPORTING 
Audited anaual accounts as wed as irais.itittd Quarterly fraraCial `statements 
(2nd and 3rd Quarters only) and unaudited Quarterly capital &COW,: Statements 
mA 1A6 EME NT FEE. 
Net of 15 basis pined discount egairar Underlying Fund fees reserved for Actep 
fund onfr 
1:VECit,•IENT (Erk:0 
1.10% of Ccamited Cennal' 
Two 'YEARS AFT ER THE P40 OE Tr, E IINi S 
ENT ;.e:PuZ,D 
095% of Wasted Capital' 
THEPEAFTE.R THROUGH THE ENO OF ME Euro ?EON 
The greater of 90% of previous yew and 0 25% of Invested Coate 
CARRIED :NTE!RE.£-T 
12.50%afteren800%preforred rower witha100%0P oftch-up and full CIW/bda 
SUBSECeUENT CLOSII IG FEE OF NOT FIRST' CLOSE) 
Monet of (a) Date-Month USD LIBOR ph.ts 2.00% and (b) 8.00% 
'Nen, AU.M4 FJNI Idµ r..' rename 
Fie SA 
N1SULet*, ma WS. sat S.SW.xa t.tStOsi M tha tjiMaelsyi Stsd, 
iii rAxmeheon•nntsnao raran ra to motorail.* tin bran oroaltal ,o en, Ise rera, firSUCO* pogynes 
rroly rent* Owed earls Ste SO', :Pp n tip inninded rimsirat aal rimy net c• 
rated once. ei Ire Iran re Ira* mx x it-marmot trate or tea, .wfer "'tetra e saitcittice. of en rats team rev sweeties Ce 'I-twists-set smooch rawest L. reran .t raves ',Mato of cora* 
sit hu tecoMati Incoota mows MM. era. So MSS SOIL:art o r CterieiSti peivw ram.y..#-± ow.)..uandtan s-vs the :Cf..-tc•Sta: -W4g6ri 
Saturnus wteh sea to/histiara, to 
tattooists*" vreelte'S Of. A coredratal tamvl Mitt *Weft revs) Inttlgtiff lilltrynejbon egw.rne.9 
woo Er.'Ssrk.%i yealy....Ss.. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0038991 
SONY GM_00185175 
EFTA01354397

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354398.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPOR FUNI I IES IV (U.S.). LP 
END NOTES 
Note, Investors In the Access Fund will to subject to fees, expenses and performance compensation of the Underlying Fund In ackellors to the Access Fund Fee and Ames 
expenses and will experience lower returns than investors committing directly to the Underlying Find as a result of the fees and expenses associated with an Investment in 
the Access Fund. MS' will receive an additional Too, directly or indirectly from the Underlying Fund (or as affiliates aorta«) 
Find Minn:ear , Date Mat norm the ;ask day ol the toliteentn calendar month forlownno the month et whom trre Innad Closing actin 
Or ',An opt. dere as øeterril,ned ty; 
the Genteel *flea 
and COriumerd ro by fee Acfc 
COmMåt tet 
Dint m it, sole cliseretron reserves the right to wane all or any portion of tha Placement Foe bergabe by any oarecuir Linseed Partner 
The Accts. Fund Management Fee will be split between Capital AktriSCfS end OBSI with a substantial portion rebelled to DISSI Pete 
see the 'duvet* Ftasement 
Ilaniorandum of the Access Fund for Kidney clarinets -, 
Ceiconstron bests • Limited Partners capital contentment. 
b 
Coe:silk-en bind = knested Capital es fully defined in the Underlying Fuel LPA (pareedly. kneeled Crditel at the Verclenying Fund is the aneroid of cednel invested in 
irrantmges ord the remaining ordonled Croligations reasonably reserved for such Investments ) 
Investors making e svisscription equal to or great!,  Men 45 million hare the option 
incetind dereCtly nt...; the Untenerdig Fund a' the Underlyre Reefs dincreekån ^fly 
defect ~Mori 
will ni-ot to.tarte this IS bor. a.scoont, against management for. from the Underlying Fund investors who cat! 
directly in.(' me Underlying Fend will rot ba 
sorriest to Access Find empresses. 
Neia. OBsi /co acts as placement agent 
he lirsderiying Find and wili receive related mr being fees Pities* see the Private Pacernens elemoirdran of Me Access Fora for 
(unbar informants. Neither Glendaser Capital, LIP nor reel:inn! Att.». s, LIlt an: delisted ungt DA.A. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
he 'Namstan 
contarral harem (Mrs lareostation) 
is for repneerenci and chwinr:bn ouooses orgy and is not. and may not be robed on in any nearer 
loPP, tax or 
nvestment sots e, any reammeedation of °gallon regrodin9 the eolPerin nlynell 
lutalPffer or any Investment or strategy. or as an uric to sell or a salicibstien of an offer 
to tun ea abt, +it =1 Olendower Caned .5e:carboy OptertsneteS Furd 
U' (tic "Linriedyiro Furor) 
Cdtrekiveer ArCeii Seconder? Oceaorbeirre I W (AS). LP (Me 'ecertIl 
NOW) A. Private offering or •Vereg.ta in the Access Fund win be made an y nuts.relt ro too Access Funes Private Placement MtmoiarduM (the -Offering Memorandum"). when 
wdl be furuaret onn: ra di~ed 
peOSS)9CINO:nVOItOn on a Zen, dential basis. The Presentation is encirf red in its entirety by rate:~ 
to the Offering teemorarehen, vetch 
contains moredetailed inloi manor. about the Access Fuses investment derriere. tarm: ed *retaken and dia contains tax information and ink clitiosures that are ninon:on 
to any in vntrrrtnt deCebOr›teswd.rq the ACCess 
pereorhe, been aufeccireo to mat.? WI,/ smerntrot concerning the Accred Fond other than ss set forth et the Offering 
Pernenendurn and env such statements. if made, ma,  not te stied upon. The inIcyrnation contained herein most be kept strictly confident/et and stay nat be reproduced or 
redarrlboted in rsy format without ens eboroval of the (rented Frew< of the Access Fad a -either:ventral Prints of tee ~lye* 
Furl 
1173 Prcentation. other then the daserioner of the Acceao Ford Tarns. Wen not creased 'at the Abress Fond zni does rot et-nerd:a an invest:eat rn the Access Fund. There 
are important differences between the Acorn Fund and the lindei lying Fund described et the Pnisentollon. An crestment et the Access Fund is not sorters* for as unestord. 
Pro ;twin, cankeel , Vital Do awaio :het inesstrng rn eltes ecor 
Fud smerves neigh Oedema tide Terre Can be IN) aSSI.W.V•te to t ^vt 4CO11; Fufd o see Vigtedying Ford 
sod bdwra; trait investment ohineires or that investors vell roans. a when on that caned 
The pond:arty of partid or total loss of Crick,' Will exist and prospective investors 
man be rmeratrad 10 hear capita! 'awes that may resit from irnestmeras. tilers wa be restrictions on trandeinno interests tr. tee Access Fund. investments may be kcal aged 
end the Coeditors! ixiffennance may be yid 
Perloie &biding to cow in the Pace:is Fad, Prow...rare woncirort ilvald reed the Oflei ing !lemur Seidman and bey pat -adds 
ettenti,3,4)06RiVr llama contained oxeeo The fees and esoentes dsarcrtd lusen wivestment in the .sisteel Fund may be higher theintht few and expenses Ol other insiestment 
alternatives and may offset pnstrts 
Both the Access Fund >act tnt ~lying 
adiniraStiatne or mangelsent fees. <us:octal xi:An:silting text other service fees. 
onownwinco iglocancnis ana Othei *N5anSce; tnat 
tr, ..8110i$ trodd nitre da &wired atiiiity and ....nodose:: to accept tnt isk chnrectonstics of the Accat; 
Fund's investments. Potential confIcts of interest may arise between the Genial Platelet end the Lientsd Partner,. lo ch conflicts ol intern: are deigned 
new filly in the 
Offering fauna ancorn 
In contdanng sly pipicymanoe nytte can
 ir. the gm-pribItian. }vu should bevy n mind Met pad or targeted ptificarence is 04: Wicket .. al fixt:r0 niaitS and r tore can 
be no alltgaCAT that the limas: Ford or the redrelying Fund will atheave cornpaiable results. Prospective investors should also bear n mind that past or targeted ozAlfc4-., 
chracteristes re not wocatwe Cd lutwe opitfolio eharaCteiStka end here cio 1 be )o assure* 
that any hand will have consomelle portfolio character rites at that target 
ossrUcto I:hermit istics will tie actrecel 
Tngt Vain Of eineenYee‘n Can ,» down as, %NW! el 1,5,. In antitom. there <an be rW assaaixe the: unlearned investments vat 
re red 
ar the getguationG showgin a; rictus realized returns will depend Oft among other fierce% future operating results the value of the assets and makes cocoas's-is at tre time of 
disposition any *wed tmosection costs. and the timing or d malier of sago. cl of which nosy be afferent flow. the risiy-.~ns 
nr wi-rch the wiled:ions contained twain ate 
crated IRRs presented one 'gross" ham do not reflect eny mystic -mesa lees cal 'tad proleier.l. Imes and Sicce:Ns *menses tome by nesters:. when in the aggregate may be 
%An! ants; lb,stlorb. actual bark,rwet 
of the Undo vein  Fund after ~Lehrer of such fees end rugerat; worAd be Power !hand", (Foss Performance reflected in ties 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038992 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185176 
EFTA01354398

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354399.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY ()WORT UNI 11ES IV (U.S.). L.P. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
Presersestem Further. :Ma 
in the Atoms Fund we, expo recce IC,Ver fetter+, nen nelson cisernittenu Orem!, to the Underlying Fins as a result of the es:titer-HI fees and 
co panses assocWecl wen an investment in tre Access Find riot tire conteree neren Mould be deemed to le oreectice or I:reject:xi of future polcernente of the Underlying 
Fund or the Acorn Fund 
NOTE: Historical returns presented hmen do nod include any fees and °menses that would be aesSOCHtee withal investment in the Aeons Fund. which would have the effect 
of lowering the net returns experienced by an Investor 
Bench-harks are financial irssices are shown Ior F;ttrath* outisoles only aril ate urovisksd for the our pose of making enteral market data available as a noire of rolererce oriv. 
sme teeneeireysi art f wg,tx 
may hot Ps 0,1,444 tar 4: eel eiyesueee. may be unmanaged. mourn Helve Amen! of trna)ine. C.) not reflect the impact of any ;retire 
ccenmssens and enstn. management Cw peen). n nice Inn. and have limAntons %Men used for comparison or other ragilO5/1 because they, among cern. reascos may hove 
diffirerc tredve strategy. waSetnly cremator c11
 materiel dierecteirstios 
resainentatice is made tnst ai banchrisark or eclea nen eeproonste retain 
for comµeisrr  .
Akeoriative investments often ye scrocidatne ed irclurty a Men degree of rut imeston could Ease all or e substantial amount of their investment Affair:Ore miestments are 
datable orgy for depot:. sare-MIIIIImotstots who we willing to forgo haughty axe ran capital ce risk ter an exlelinim oar' xt of rime They may be higny 'Mudd and can neap: in 
Ott xie and other spetverthe DiaCtiCeS that ray increase the VCCobi:ty and ':5? 
?MS. fatarlataart worestmene tycocally hem tt
ner fees then &Stone inn-unmet. Invest," 
dryad carefully nouns ant consider DOteriaal rdks before inve5ting Contain ot Mete nil's may include but are rat Ihmhted to 
• Lost of near I.itStanbal Dorton of the award moil can to iihnknging_ SPOlt-lelling, or odor speculative. tuxtrots, 
• 
Lack of liquety 
that there may bents secondary menet for a fund 
• 
Volatility anthem 
• 
Restrictions cn tiansferme inteette es a lug 
• 
Potential led( fA dirersiliCatkan and retorting nurser nsk (kin to Oorcenbert on of :feeding Outlet*/ 
wren a sung? enf•naa is inlet; 
AbseaCe O4 infnmerunn *WOWS 
ValiatiOn. int poCing: 
• 
Corresio tar structure-sand detays in ten mooning: 
• 
Less resmiaticH and !with, fees than mutual funds: end 
• R sks associated wen I he operations. part meet sot proem: is of the mere!. 
Purchaser: of interests will be linseed pettier: in the Access Fund and will not be limited partner: of the Uncentre Fund will have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund will 
new no ‘.oting rights:es the Unbar vying Fundect wig rove no st sr rgc itahele ejahlt tre tknierlying Fund or Mee:mineral Polon or Manager of tne Underlying Rothe their 
micective off Reis. directors members, Panoi05. shareholckes or employe%.agWdsCr affiliates to are officio. arectOt member, seetnen stsettolden fenagree w agent of any 
sigh athlete) In. offering of tow's.. n not eta slimed not be considered an off (*nog of loomed swum inetersis in inn Uncle, tang Furwi. Yor comer. none of the Aness Fund. 
the General Partner of the Access Fund Or any of tree respective affiliates ties 114 tight to participate in the control, management Cr our merit of the Unlettered Ford co haS 
ar t  Cbswle:nn eve tha nuesewnent ist vie ord.:mon; gird eon-. the Access Fund art Pe Unclelying Funo Impose administrate, or monegarrent veer. cust,x1,,si te:,th,flong 
endother senba fors, performance allocabans and otter reponse, that will reduce returns. Returns to Misted petters o the Access Fund will be ewer than 0,74.11 ton a . ,TC.t 
nennitnt in the Undo: li ne Fund. !Copt& Advisors. LLE. a nouchoy of institutional Caortel Network kx. ;ti/bia iCaptai Network), is an insostnent Sever registered with 
tr. US. Senior it; and Excleree CorniTtS Oh ('SEC') The regi grabens and a'acahkishioi alums M no way imply Mat the SEC lel endow: r he *Men. ceocce s Jr I erten; 
discussed Wein Acklitmeol Information H availaole upon request 
iCapital 
7C;1(121'. 
212 .?;14 
tttatcapitalnetyrtur kLutri 
I etwvacapittilitetntek.SOen 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038993 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185177 
EFTA01354399

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354400.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower 
Capital 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Offering 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 1P1 ("S0F IV" or the "Fund") is 
being formed by Glendower Capital ("GC"): 
• An independent secondary manager spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management in August 2017 
• fully owned by its partners who worked together for IS years 
• Established 23-strong team with US$3 billion in total client assets and offices in London arc New York 
Glendower's mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
• Strung IN, yout•like performance with an attractive risk profile. earn/ cash flows, arw negligible loss ratio 
• Mature program at 1.7x TVPI and >20% Net IRR and overall program at 1.Sx TVPI and 23% Net IRIV 
SOF IV will continue the successful secondary strategy pursued since 2006: 
• Aiming to build a globally C iversif led portfolio of seasoned funds, GP-led transactions anc 
co-investments on the secondary market 
• Value creation through in-cepth fundamental analysis as opposec to creel structuring 
• Seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior lunc 
Fund key terrnslo 
Target size: 
US$1.75 billion 
Currency: 
US$ 
Investment Period: 
years frog, final closing 
Term: 
years t extensions (5xlyear( 
Structure: 
English I.
General partner share: 
Strong and consistent track record2
• 1.25% p.a. of cor rnitrrert:s during 
Investment Period 
lurd 
SOF 
SCf 0' 
itz I 
Sc4111 
las! 
vnaer 
2006 
2010 
2011 
7014 
• 1.00% pa. of Invested Capital1l in 
foevotopmenes<e5r, 
Furdwr 
froretscro 
US$565r 
Mann:AGO 
US$14/n 
(inolverg) 
05$614m 
(rarrystor) 
1451.654r 
t/S$2.4SCr,
the following two years 
• 'hereafter greater of 90% of 
Tror-auors. %cc% werpoon't 
2111541:,774 
1128/193 
29/75/737 
15/:49/$837 
previous year and 0.25% of 
Net roult.4:441TWO 
184 
3x 
15o 
13x 
5. 
Invested Capital 
Net ilsolbuteel(DPII 
lax 
Ix 
1.h 
0.34 
09' 
Carried Interest: 
Net IRR 
22% 
29% 
20% 
Jos 
23% 
12.5% or a whole fund basis 
Peak re: car ININ.ted caprvl 
76% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
Hurdle rate: 
Consistent top returns among peers: 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performancew 
twt I RR to Irioec pir:nerl 
SA.03“: do y 'u Wt Ne:riultik to £r,tet wines' 
a 
t. 
a 
:4 
1014 
n. 1s. 
tar 
7.e4. > 
txi•t3. 
Woo 
1-.14 
01•6). 
1 ll 1111 
7?pi:; cf,x.;rrtorit. rt,g, roiy,te rOi...reo rC Aztrer 
Mvest,;+: 
Qui26(..:d f :in:1;430n Th,s 
f.‘0: • 
k, .•, 
e, LI* :aro 
s;:f 
.; 
-art. St;.,:ty 
egve.rf 
p 3 ji>. .:Ifo.!•-finc, :nftornaor: Pot pefformonce b not an 
itrlu.~~7iKM Or' fiirliGriteof (utter rt! ,:tr:, 
8% 
Team commitment: 
Min 1% of total fund size 
Contacts: 
Car'o 
- ' r 
•r`r 
Clarles Smitn 
Managing Partner & CIO 
lostua C G aser 
Partner, Client Relaticrs 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038994 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185178 
EFTA01354400

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354401.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP. 
Distinctive investment strategy" 
Glendower will target globally, but primarily in the US and Europe, three types of investment: 
• Fund Secondaries. the purchase of LP interests in existing private ad uity funds; 
• GP-led Secondaries which can often involve greater complexity than traditional Fund Secondanes, and incluCe spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, 
asset heLicaLions, and LP tenders; and 
• Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at the time of the originalacquisition, or later from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
Glendower's portfolio construction follows an opportunistic barbell approach adjusted to market cycles by dialing up: 
• Discounted Fund Secondaries during market corrections(58% of transactions since inception) 
• Less competitive GP-led Secondaries and off-market Co-investments during normalized market conditions(43% of transactions since inception) 
Identify kw compegthe dials 
• ti5$40maveragedeal size 
• Smaller uS55.100n turd ponfolos 
• Mod sue USS103-250mGP led deals 
Focus on effident portfolio 
construction 
• No leverage at transaction level and limited at 
ponfaolevel 
• sledging to mitigate SO.60%of currency 
volatihty 
• Portfolio diversified across a 35 deals to seek 
to mitigate90%• of nonmarketriska 
Pursue a Swain true value 
approach 
• transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
• Mid-sized alpha value rvestorys large levered 
beta play 
• Value creation through in .depth fundamental 
anSysisys dealstructuring 
Buy man.n else*, 
Purchased 3S0• mature fund interests at a 
discountover 10 years: 
• Average 20% discounttor MY 
• hemp -1O%funded at time of entry 
Established Investment Team Active In the Secondary Market Since 2003" 
• 
23-strong team expected to grow to 26-23 by IHIS 
• 16 investment professionals with an average of 12 years of relevant experience 
Managing Partner, CEO— London 
Deutsche Bank; CO8 Web Tech; 
General Electric; The Boston 
Consulting Group 
Deirdny Davies 
Parther, COO —London 
Deutsche Bank; ABNAmra; 
KPMG 
• 
Relevant Years of experience 
Charles Smith 
 as.
717 
Managing Partner, OO—London 
Deutsche Bank; Bunkers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
Ada m Graev 
0' 
Partner —Newyork 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; Lehman 
Brothers; ChotterferfSoros; Cowen 
Joshua Glaser 
Nabs 0lmos 
a0
Or 
Partner, Meet avenge— New York 
Deutsche Bank; Paul Capital; Forum 
Capita; OBC Oppenheimer 
Managing Director- London 
AD1A; (MS; Deutsche Bonk; Credit 
Suisse 
Chi Cheung 
O 
I 
tr 
Partner —London 
Deutsche Bonk 
I
Francesco Riga montl 
O 4 1 
StriorAdvisor— London 
Deutsche Bonk; Golfo & Co 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185179 
DB-SDNY-0038995 
EFTA01354401

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354402.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP.
Endenotes 
(.0 Glendower Capita; Secondary 4iporturrities Fun.] hi. LP. rs7JF he or the 'Fund.) is being forme:: by .31+r:rower Capital LIP eGiereicieri., an ape..kited 
rem efemotive of Miratiella Advisers LIP, which is authorised and regulated by the United: king0tunrinarai4lConceetAt:tivirity 
(M Mature funds iiiciudir
.
 sor.SOF D anc >OF le °reran $01 Pie:yarn sr:Ch.C‘r; sort, SOF Q, SOV it an, SOF iti Perforn terse* figure; hare been calcuiatee baser; 
or. the unaudited perttxmars:e results or sor. SOF D, SOF Ir inc 50r HI as of September 
201.7 and should he read arc renewed in o.:ajunotIon with 
the irrird.ortara. Infonnation" arc 'Notes to inve,,Mient Perform:once Infornehon- s(:::.faan.s of this. i:Saaneril_ GI,x:s more are gros: of fern:, eafrenses 
am terrier, interest. Net performance retie:Ls arn:::::nts net Cr expenS4C., tees snø carries interest. Past performance is rot a (.11tieeliOll of tror future 
pelornwice of $OF. SOV O. SOF 
SOF iii bold: ini.luder, to dernoratrate the trast rettet of the Glen:Ante Team :one tirre can be rma13:.~1:":: that. 
SOF ri will a:Newton:parable resgts, 
(.:1) sor 0 b 
roderrominatec Ft re Convener...It the Secterramr ;XL 2017 fil.laluSta rate of 1.182;:, 
(4) het, SOT ail $OF D art el:rested in the Daiiiro Pir Sale —a well dieersifier: portfolio Or 28 private ecuite funds porchased through an WV, provenly 
enemure to buyout, special situations. 
rr capita( and rtx.rl estate strateAe.' ei North Autka. Europe an:; Asia- The .gin er of lure,. and corm:Imes 
is a best estIn'ate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing :mid may induce some double counting. 
(S) Source: Cambridge Asscciates Seconnars PenchtnaN st*ti:xles 
ci September 30, a 417 basin, on data dorripl
- from 140 ~Mar, funds with a 
minina.ni of Shire.: per year, including lolly licuicatec partner; hire, formed between 2044 and 414 Each SOF lund r,. strewn benchmarked against their 
leSee:rne s'intaliefler group. TG's infe/rnatir+n reflects a doMPansOn of tor, SOF 
Hand sor 
agairea one tmr.cbreart. cos.; duartiles 
nay eller when compared to other berichmarking sources $OF. 501 D, SOF It and SOF ill cat-4 b rot included in the data set used to calculate the 
rit"-ehrnarkelata. 
(6) 
information presented in this chart is baser; or; the unauciteri results of SOF, SOF D, SOr H ant; y8 ill as dif September 30. 2017 and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunaion *eh the "irn_port it lniermation- and "Motet: to investment Performance intorrri
rdn. sect ions et this doo.ment 
(n Past Pertorrnance Is NH a fireeCtIce et the future pert:cm:woe of ;,OF. SOT 0, SOV II or SOF Ill but i:: inc.iunee in demonstrate the pact, recore ot the 
Glendower feapl. 
(a) Internal rates of relt.rna are net of fees, eApenses and cameo interest.. Cambridge Asa1Ciales research slums that most fixes take at least six years b) 
setHs: into thee final quartile neking ard PreviouS to this settlirg they typk:ally rant in nether ccartiles, therefore ()Ad or tieridiMark per lorniar.e.e 
metrics from more recent veitau: years may be less meaningful. Median is the nix: Gle fund Ilte of the group of individual lund (lifts included In a vintage 
y. 
fur::). Upper: lower -.nail. are the threshold: tor the cpc.#r (tee ≥S%) are., toper ticItorn Sko e,arnies cosec( on the _:dis dual 
RR: included in a vintage year and aret see in c cop:riche:my:Ph the median to determine r4i,artile placement 0/1:rarneniB fLilr;sl 
at.9.1 
PP! 
001/3.0:1:404: V, Paidan Capeat P.VN = Residual Valte lo Paid-in Capital: PiPiir Total Value (0 
cac4nfil. r:pE, aVPE and pre are owlet; return 
agveliacin« all cash (lows arc eid tnt NAVs in a :amp(- in calculate e ci.auir.weighted r.,c n 
read the confceritbl private placement merncianum Ct the [err:: 
-Mernc:rarcurn, for the tull in:Satre of rut ractets.contle:ts of intererc 
cornek)te terms. arc regulatory and tax coreaderatiorn• of the Fund For limber tindlosure ol fees, such as fees and eapenses paid by the Fun°, please 
retry ix the Mernerandurd, the amerce.: and restated limited partnership agreement are the deed of adherence of the 
ME itch ci.:-:urnents ate in 
the proses:: of being prepared alt. will be mase available to pre :I/el:Uwe investors tipol: renurt. 
innested Capital 6 the amount of capital eveste., o irwertrnents arc the rernaineig unfunded obi:gat:cm reasonabl7, le-served t', Glen,. .,:yer Irr 
invest scent:: 
(1'1 is of fareatemteT At 20%7. Thpre can b.: rrs3ser:rance that tee) strategy wilt 
cur-_to€h.: the fetere, ertnat lesses 
he 3s3.14est, 
t.-ource:Glendesver's assessment base' on pixttogo mariagernent theory 
(14) As of .'kepteintw..:(7., 2017. Peri..d sin..e2rX).3indlucies time:men; by mersiler: of the done sener roarsage.meril. leeirn at Deutsche bank. 
Key Definitions 
^Single Acret Dear means an investment by the Fund leirectly or ineirt-ctly) in a poitfotia company gory:der, one ot more poi ate acuity Fund sponsors (and 
anyinnOvrOninve.11:1;:gs in any ;:uth eueNtinent, but not incluerf
arriS.1•P-1/.‹ Strtorwiary) 
reawnabt., de tennined 
t he Manager as lirt vantnsirecurres 
"Fund Secondary mean: la) an interest held tireetry or indirectfy by the Fund in a generaust or specialist private ebuitv fund structure (inducing a ft ne ei
funds, teeder (ulllur or other 
sUudturel .7,A:ca.:free in a rcandalore transaction :•r (h) a poriro& et such interests act:tired ha singe trantacnon, in each 
case as reasonably enfermin:W by the Marater as the context reduires. provled tala any interest referred to in clause fal shall be in a hire Slirt cti re that 
ether has an Investment pence that is expired (other than for feaow-on if/vestments) or has drawn down 
tursnittet! te Invest at least SOM et its acgregate 
commitments, aen` prose4see that any portfolie? of interests r4.,fensW to in etan 
;ball Be 
slreCterYS 111.11:r1 the aggregate na-re drawn down Or 
::Cenrrikket 1O invest ul, kast ynk of their aggregate c(:rensitmerat, preelden further that the aggegate commitment:: of any rune ::inttab that has an 
investment frrnod tat irr ezrAr*ti fiber than Rs' 
kwestre:te);) stall he neeinect to em:al the arnesill Crams down 
Surt: 
slivatas, and: 
ProMec(, rk;ajder, tearta rune: Seca n.:ary shall not al!» be determined to be an Early Stage Investment. 
"•5P-led fecceetary- mean: an iwesurent interest beg by We ['um( Wsreeily Cr inCee:rni in polrata equity h.:re:structure or postludo C1 direct orleateeburty 
asset: through barpuke lic Lacey solutions (are  any follow-on ins•
nsents in any such investment interest, bt t not inducing any Co-Investment) as rearonably 
,:Kerrnzred by 1hµ Manager a: the cc-Merl rEKI:ires. 
-SOF" meat:: OB Secondary i)pp.:,rit.ne es Fund .A, I P., DB Secone•Ary Opportunitiesrune8, t.P. and tiff Secondary Opportunitiez Free C, LP 
'SOF Eit' means D8 Le< oreary Opp,orturiitks. Fungi 0. I. P 
-sor ri- meant teconclaryOpportnitier. Fond'', LP 
-sor 
mew., Benmare C.Ipporiunit*:; lund III, If) 
tr)01Funds,"'SOF Program. or 7.eccra:aryt:Wortnneuts Rings-mew:1.80E sor D, SOT II are. SOF lli 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038996 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185180 
EFTA01354402

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354403.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L 
Important Information (1/2) 
'i lire confidentiat presentation (this tresentetion) 6 tieing CerrOint,n,C3Let` Loa limiter: number of sophisticated pectin (each. a "Recipieilti by Gerrit:cheer 
Cepilal LIP ("Otte/asset') (an appomtve representative or Mit:stet:a Adviser:ILI, which ill eethoi <ec arm tete:tat& by the thiir.eti Yineterni Financial Conduct 
Authority) fit the pnrpcse of prostate certain summary information about caftan eristing ant. future funds arc ar.r.ke.fitl that are managed or aevisec by 
Glensiower, iticketrig m cont rcie,e with 'you evaluation of a potential itiverinwei in tie fund to be lebusini m Cs'
iteesiter Capital Secoreiary Cen.e.irienities 
Pure iv. LP (the tune') The enc.:4141h011 iell:lurittO in Oki Presentaticn Is beine mace available to P.ecipieres on a striim oink:tribal !Olt an; in*y not he 
disclosed 
discus:ea web are. person other than any Redpienes aftilites iY eirter:ioral acviyets wiso are bend by obligatient of conic entialey cri a need to 
know bast. Any past performance information herein b not neceserarily indicative of future rest ht and actual warm/lance may oder materially from any 
prory:the or forecasted nerforarame Tit Preset:13W° Is rot rilteriCed to !Orin the ba.so. of any irrSeclirreitt reclean 3nri neerfrinfirt (nett ri/t4 re,/ Oft !hill 
Presentation 3,; pan of any assessment of whether to subscribe for interests in the Fund This Presentation may not be met! for anc roes not constitute an 
offer to se, Ol 
Nr.4l0ttlIF.ln of any oiler to sebscribe for QF pl4CliaSe ;sly :M.:rests ur to eee4asse in any other tcartsaulter The alinrrrAlal inrhrs Preseiitatroit 
inter4:ed to facilltateelscutulen and is not ner:ecearily meaningfulor complete without such supplemental disci;:sion. 
Each Recipient shfould ultis4R its Own attorney. business ac.iset ant. tan anviser a: to legal, bvircrx, ap 4ccoi.oting ars; 'dates. fr.rstlerr, ahncanirrg [he 
ink/twat:on cciitaeter; heidi, ant': ally Itrtvre tiler.r4 of SOF IV. Neither Girt:coy:et, lelitabrirer Arybeir LIP not any of their resserctist affiliates makes arty 
repreurniabon or warranty to any Recipient (sewing tne legality Cr art investnsent in lee Fund, true ir4:etre or GO COnSei;Ler".ei. eX the !eh:ability of an 
investnent for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intone': for bistritel.a.m. ant shall rot be cistribeted. in any jurisdiction where such distribution would violate applicable securities 
laws. 
'ibis Pfts.otAton ma ' refer ter CeltrrIn *Venn: a< having Ottlifrilt and COr.urrientS as ba,kt been enter& into withes may nor hare occhaeti or been entered 
lino at the cote that ilia Presentation k niece laliaikAble Lt. I that Glatierawei expects will occur or be entered into thereafter 
nut Precenthlion IS not an offer to Sell, nor a siaticitatco of an offer to buy, any srrzurity, ere, may rot bet see or relict' upon in conr.ection with any offer or 
stalk:eatie; A private 011efirlij of interests in the rune will he Mace Only piirsuant to the offering ekes:menet for the 
ACCitiOrlal information 
anoot 
itive::trnetit Objective. leirm; ark`. COI.Citifartar of an itiefeemera it. the FuiV. :slid at', contain IAA information ant' tisk disclosures 0'04 are in.extatit 
my inveetnent decision reeweiiite ere Fund. leo utfrion he: teen authofired to make airy statement cceicetning the furze 'Aker than asset kith in the °Petit* 
cor_urnentS ant any such stalerrientS, it mace, new nor be feriae uron The offering &currents will be furrilotiec to ciusatiec Invesme on :a corilicenthal has,: al 
their relhert.The inlyroationcantaine:; in Usk: Presentetesr. will be sereirsedet bV,Brl.liltetirahneii in its entirety by reference to. such oftenng 
An itiveeenteit in the rune will it malice significant risk. inducing loss of the entire investment. The interests in the Furor Will be 
as there t no seconuari 
;natant for letet este in ow n nO ;etc rive is serried& to clelaelOp. there will ter uesirictiore: 
transfenine interests in the rhritl hivestrnent tray be leveraged 
a& tray investment. performance may be volatile. Betel? 'le:tieing to if west in the fund, prospective investsfs sfee:lc read they:flee& niernorendurn a& pay 
c.artia.laf atientien te the Its far ter; &Maki& Pi the effering cocurnents Tne fear and tCpPnit3 thill14.11 in connectkil with en irriiistment ir, sex rend may 
than the tees and e n tom.e.... of oi l er i4ykelyeent OfterMniVeS and May Oise( proles. Investois Mithild have the flnanural Ability rine *queens: ie., to 
accept the risk charxterntes of the Func's investments. 
Potential con!lkts of inter.," may afire from the relationshc between Crenit Suisse Asset kilaroge.rnem timiten arid its atril
ez 4-Credit Lierssel, &ids is 
:oak* as the rbful'ii placement agent Creed Solze
 nit acting and will rot act as a munkipal advbxe within the meaning of Section (175 te the 0rxel-frank 
Wall 'Street Reform arei Cons( rner Protection Art am the fir is end regulations prcretegatee them:rte.:et 
nkmal Advisor Rule"). 
Any renrices, material, or intim:eat:on inet Crime Falisse pre:ties to a municipal entity or raftatec person as Cetinec by the Municipal Adveor Rule reawered 
Party. ) are0we/re& on an ar 011F. tingle, 0ink; ant not as an acetic{ 
licuclary to the Covered Party Coverec Parties stioulc reeisult. with their own internal arc 
eery nal eerwors before raking:it:tier wit!: ret:pect to any .iarNicat; tr.:sic:flat or infreanation orovlei& to them try 
SI.JVAP. Cretin SA,l‘Ce alto Will P2)t SOI1Ce 
a Covered Patty for direct or indirect compensation on behalf of an unaffiliated ins:inerant aeveer for the purpent. of obtaining or retaining an eine:isomer,* for 
that iliW5l.inelit.ftiVirier by theCovered Perty 
fernier: inorritrerenr. atiVi:lraty 
boor on behalf of the Cover& Party. 
fib Presentation contains information that ha:: been or may have been twenty: by a renter of sources ar4 
not been oncenenoeMlv verified Nothing 
containen herein shall constitute any tepresentation or warranty hit re) reSpOnSibility or fiabi ion iS accepted by Glendower. its affiliates or MirabatIla ALIvklelt 
LIP as to the accuraty or completeness*: any infornianon supplier.: herein. 
Unless otheirwlsyr ::laten, the ink:routes° in this Presentation has not been riucited or verifier, by an incepencent party, and sheulo rot be seen fill any 
i'sfeSer-I,ADO.' of cetuiret IAA might be eiekived 
The inform:Won contained herein rmrt de kept strictly re:of:demi:al and may not be repro:ince!: or nye:sitter: 
any foment sietn(nt. tem acl.roval ot the 
NOtratttanding the tnregning. each ItrotStOr and prospective investor (arc eac.h 
repleSerltaInte.Ce other agent ';her erg; tray ele:lose to any 
alto all perstee, wete)tit kinItaton of any gibe, the tax treatment and tax stri ettre re' thdi rEno -via its gnieslineritz: aril all trtaterlait: of any hire hricliganp 
opinions or other tax enalyees) that are rirovicec to sr. ch owestor or prospective investor relating to such tar treatment and tax structure, pro:iced, however, 
that sk.r.l, 0isckise re ;ball not itit.k4.ie the name fir other kenti(ying infi.Ltniation not relevant to the tax structure it tax treatment) of any person and shall:FA 
include information for which noten:clasure Is reasonably necessary in orre; to comply with applicable securities laws 
Past performance is not necessarily mi:cat:ye of future feria: and there can be ro assurance :bat the Fine will achieve comparable reithet, that the return!: 
generate:; VI the Fiat,' will itotail or d'Arbeir those presentrn• herein or that tht FliFic will be able to lInplenerfirt its irfOrlAll'ent C.trOlettleS w el; hieVe its 
iriorarnerit obrectivre;. The Ferieu investment strategy anti applicable invertment , trictuo 
'nay dIler nom tier:* he:tem:ally irrnfAciyer, and econornic 
cons'..itioto inay Offer maternity from the contfitions :incise which any other investment erne or account Inanai.ed Cr devised by Glendower has invested. 
All statenwens or opinion anc / or belief C.OrltrlirleC in this Presentation arc all views expu.sser ern all 0lCper.LCIfIS, 
or statements relatinf& to 
eererctations retie:Atte fetsire eventS or the turseible future I:A-froimbue of the Nine reoineteGifineewer'n (Wile aV:Ari:Inert*Ilt 
.nivnAlicii 
available to 4 as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is mace or assurance given that such statement', views, projections or forecasts ate 
correct. OVA the objectives of Ow fiat-; will he athievee Pr dial investors 
receive a Tee; rn if  their capital 
azeinan, rPo re:pon5ibibly or liability yr enty op cane is of will be aceepted by Glericerwer Of its resorts:wt.athist& adsisers, eirectore ernieoyees or ewes 
for of:rating thir Pferentation (Or any &Cinema information). collecting airy ineccui &ler in it or providing any atteitonal inlorniation to yut. Astereingly, to 
the fullest este& ;-:+setie subject to applicable layr, rice* d Cite:owe/ or Its affiliate:: arFS thAr respective shareholders, agsteit. agents, effecter:. Deicers, 
partners, ineinhers env empleirtes shell be liable (save in the case of fraud) for any ksst (whether elette. Incirect or conseeuential), damage, scat or erpense 
stiffeferi Qr ir:r.Urre7:r by any nefson 
e resift Of reliesor, arw steterrient in. or emesienfrm this presentation 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038997 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185181 
EFTA01354403

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354404.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP.
Important Information (2/2) 
Any forwardiooking ;tate-merits ism cheing wittrsui !imitation, projections of future earnings or yak di, result: or salt:all:ens herein are based coon la trent 
;$•:sornsitions, may by siniplifiec and may depaiid opon events outside !lie control of Glendthver or its 
Other events that were not taken into accoent 
nay oceor and nay signilicarilly affect tux analy:b herein. Therefore. MaNe; to any assomptior, . may have a material impact ix. any valuations or 
pitiercticie. Actual results may Therefore ha niatenalli different from any forecast. opinon 
valsation herein. Prospectiye lg.-Nestor: in tie IVY.: >hcoki not 
nth' on these tOrwarmfookIng statements in deciding whether try awes! In Sirat Fort. The infonnation tOntamed in the Presentation ens been obtafriec from 
source:: ositslie of Credit 
such information is t-illes.ed 10 tie reliable For the purpose:: usei ratin, neither Credit:Su:use, rrsr any or Rs ad-elates or 
partners, itiembers or employee:, asr,urne any r
ponsibility for the act acycf 
ch irlonnation 
See the "Notes b.:Investment Performance < ontainirt 
irriponantinforriation regarding re.rformant.. arc tergelet: ret.,:rns. 
This Presentatkin vies riot for in part of the basis kir any v.eilfect ea: tureen Gieripyne, or itl atlilete, anz. any atto 
Re.'ipier:tspf Pa) Preseritatkin slag irot 
treat this Presentatiori or tax, regulatory, acr.ounting. legal_ investment or any other advice in relatiori to the Recipient of this information are this information 
shmiel not are cardK4. Fe rerit upon as :air.b 
The CrrstfiMilL4, <4 this Presentation and partkcation in the Find may be restricted by taw in certain 
jurisdictions. Penons arliocome into possesulon of (Ks Pre.seniation are required to inform themselves about. are: to onstlye. any such restritliom. 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering or interests 0 the Fore or Use adequacy of tise. information °minified herein. Any 
epresentation to lie el-aire? ia,1; rearul. 
Prospective irive,ton :rliOLla pay partici:lag attention to the information contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of interests and risk 
factors An invt:Imerit in the foe: is suitable only ior ssiiheticater: ins-t
s and rewires the finareial ability and willingness to accept the hk,fk risk.: and lack 
of liquidity associated with an investment in the Fund. inve5tors in the Fond mort tie prepared to hear such risls for an incelinite period of titre 
Statements herein are mace as of January 31. 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
Important Inforrnetk-ri 
Ehe Track Re,.cr4 
The GP:FrM.4er ire Talar Ipacraqf from Cent he Sara( arid its afliliates ("DeutIche bank, on Aegost I, 20.17 and eitabibned Glendower Capital. LIP an. its 
affiliates (together, "Glenrowerl as an Independent private .t.cuity Firm owned by its partners Intl ret on secondary transactkin In private rnarkett. The 
pertomance inforrnation are tra-:k record set out in this Presentation in respect ot the SOF rum:: (Dart the pencv time ram inot
ion or the SOF Foreis to 
rata. ileberag the tune prior to the Catenation of Glennower, wheri the from; were employee( of Ciectscp,.; Bank. in evaluating the tract. leceetl, e..e.ti Recipient 
Estee that f*t>lo Pirwirrearoli and Charles Smith have been permanent voting nwrnber.: of the sof Funds irwestment committees sireet.ce
ires; fa) 
f hi Cheting, Francesco higanionti ant Acarn Greer have attended as observers the majority of insertmerit committees of the SOF Funds sa'nce inception. they 
were appointer in Decernbef 2011 durirat the SOF it investirent pericv.; as sce.ing merribers on a ra.t.atilaral binis and here been permanent soling members 
since January 2013; (iii) oder employees of Deutsche bank who were not part of the SOF investment team anc that have not. joined Glencower were involved 
at different times on I he investment corr.:mattes of the SOF 
arid Gni, ineestinentdecirlorernaking process in re:-.;.4(:t.c4 the investments ince try the. SOF 
F..ncs and (cro) ha r.onnecoon with the ifly4rrtalirtaS compitirkg the tract record, the riterv.ower Insaistrrent professionals were part .sf a larger voile within 
Lentcerie Nara. The owestment performance Mt:Juliet herein it intended colety to provide Recipients wee information atmnt the Giereower SOF Tearn'c 
owtstinent etpenence. The perlinrnance information pithicee herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative &.,et Management (Global) Limited 
COAAMIGit"lane provided to Glendower are relates to the SOF Fore.; and the related ireivretval under: ins transactor . it' respect ail width the Gameower 
SOF Tirane were ilesk*Mira thee capacity as per/Jerk, rtrarager arid/or insestiment committee members while employed at Decitcler Hank. Glentowei takes 
responsibiaty for Its use -.4 the perfornonce informs:aim and its compliar.:e with all a CipliCiltile taws, reiniations, rules an.: goinellises, inducing, but not renited 
to. the Investment Advisers AC et lit). as aPerrrfree, and is particular. Rule 204.:: therenreer: and DAAlsafGit take:: ras rest-snsibeity for the iice of sucri 
Pe fin(M3n.:e inronr,stlisn by Grersikrwer 
Notes to In 
 Performance 
investment r:F.Ve::: 
OtherW4:;f: 
net 45. ;:re as et September 30. 2017, are r.:0;A:rtas, are: aie 
en!,. 
Itenen, 
::rile;;: 
ottienv,se indicated, -Gross IRK' am 'Net iRR" shalt mean an aggregate, conwet no, annual gross or net, as applicable, internal rate of return on investments, 
based tin daily cash aftee Cal0. Lilian, are pre:en:cc baled mg actual cash flow" 
zsrte from limited partner:. All IRRn ere presented on a -Intr:s` basis unless 
otherwise stated 0 e, hey do out reflect de pm or ity profit share carded interest, taxes tramaction costs In corineeton with the disposition of unrealned 
ineermremis anri attesr expenses that are borne by investors in the applicable funs. 
which we ret.,.ce returns arid. in the aggravate. are espected re i.e 
Substantial) Net IRA kt presentet: after Kierh.cting all priority plOfit :thaut carrlen interest, tweet.. transaction costs Inc ...thee fee:: an. expenses (other than 
;axe; dome or to be r),-,n.,e by inyeatr.o.;, indieing as a nvia la of an ewestors donk. ile). Further, note that l;‘: catc,,i?tirez mfAbocokigy aCo
e."C to Cak,ilat-el4K 
1141 in respeu of the SOF rinds is impacted by the sor 
ire of tahscription line facilities. All perfooriarsce timbers induce recycled capital unless 
otherwise erphsill? ',loiterer. Dist, ibetioni to Paid-in Capital Poem represents el4leg.te ;.stributioire: to insestr4S in the SOF Pads realise to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Fans. Residual Value to Pairj-in Capital ("net") represents the value of the SOF Funds investor,' intersect held within the Xtl,
Funds relative to aggregate capital contributions tr, t 
Fend:, net et to SOF F..rret 
interest. rrian4ement tees and other expense::. Total Value to 
Paid-In Capital (- NW): TePi =OW + RVPt Ist.ster is oeficaril as the amount of money returned divided by the arri.:amt Invested ror that partkurar investment 
Gross multiple represents Total Valle as a rrinitile oi capital inuestim by the SOF Funds Net lung data :net 
etc.i net ineronnance data refle:ts anutents 
vet of the sor f 
catneo interest. management fees ant: otherelven:es 
Valuation:. Valuation!: of unrealh:tii nwitstments are generally bate( •sti a good faith aro rettonable ceterrnination by the genial partner of the relevant 
,n ,.cement it a'; Any such valuation of inrea.riteri investment will he based cri assumptions that such general partner helletec are reasonabte under the 
Cittull'ittailteS. the actual realized return: tin unrealizec investments will depend on. dirions othglr arAVS. rytt:re pperenN sys,lt, the value of the assets ard 
ifsaiet con.oiriois at the riffle of 5sposatais arty oflater; tranSattiOlithis and the timing and manner of 
all of which Pray Oriel' horn the asstarVtions on 
which the valuation.: user; in the pilaf performance dila contairec herein are bared Au:cornea/3y. the actual realized return: generated by these unrealized 
investments may differ mat rally from the returns livicated herein:. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038998 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185182 
EFTA01354404

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354405.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354405.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP. 
Legal disclaimers 
for Recipients In the EEA This Presentation shell not be erstributed to any Recipient that Ls domicile'; or resident. in e Ectopeeri Economic Area nieniber :tale 
oheie 
dole:but:1/4in 
the Presentalson in :ecli member state wee,le constitute 'mirky-leg` (within lit we:agent of article eill(xe of Ow Altrrnati-ye 
Investment rung Managers Directive (2011/G1/11111 Thk; Presentation 
rot an approver: prospectus for puroxiiie of section A5 cif the Ur' financial SitNices 
an; Markets At 2030 eTeelet 1 In Mt Unite!: 
tees Precentatior may only be aorraminkatec ii) by a knon otter than an aiebonrec ceirsim if 
cirectec only at fa) person who have prof
sional experience in matters relating to investments. falling within article 19(51r:investment professionals') of the 
(lean Sal sankt,a and Markets Act 2CV, 
Orrery ittYi f;e: 
the "Orrierl, (hi persons felon% within articio ell2)re) to lee Chaos 
net worth companies, tinincor punted assottatiore etc.- 1 of the Cuter, or (c) persons whom this fermentation may oilsenvise lawfully be communicated; ale lii) 
try an autliefizeo pereen it (erecter; drily at la) persona sieve have profeasiortal esperierew of participetine in war:plates. -a:lernief. felting; within art le LaiSj 
( investment professik-atel or the ririanciel fee/ices and Markets ea 200) (Prornotion <4 Collective Investment .`.cherries) (Exemptions) Order 20(11 fen 
ane,needl (the "PC.15 rat
e) arc article 19(5) rinvestinere prefeiisionals'i ct Mtn Omer. ft.) per:-:art falling within attic* 22 (high net worth oh-near:es. 
motor oOraterf aSSOdoli.),IS etr.j of the POS Order rine arteleateiee)to id) thigh net:ward, cornpanies, critricor notated wsorAtions etc.") of tlw Order. 
MRt 
NOdat. In reblion to each member taate of the EEA (each a 'Member Stale) which teas eripleotentee the Alternative Investment lint Manlove 
Directive 
(20.1.1161/fUl) eta? 'Airlyerel (arc€ tor which transitional arrareerratnts are note no kiter available), the Presenbtem Way only be
distributer: are inte.rests in the fund nay only be offerec or placer, in a Member State to the extent that: f1) the rune. is permitted to be market'.,; to 
professi(Avil inyvatiod. In the relevant Merober 
InaccorOarice vothairmo (at imptrnenred Into eA.tracel laseiregelatese of the Mesa:Ire Mereeer Stetel: or 
(2) this Presentation may otherwise he lawfulh cistneeted and the niftiest' in the lend may otherwise be bwlulty offered or placed in that Member Slate 
at the initiabae of the eweetoit. 
to relatem to each Member Stele of tte!.ErAvreeeti. at the date el thk: Precertation. has not utinherienter, 
this Presentalcei may celly ter distributer' and 
interests in the Fur'; nay only be offeteri or plated to the extent thAt this Presentation, may be lawfully cistributed anti the interests in the rune mar taiefutly 
be oiler et or place r:
 that. Member State 4:m1u:ergat the irsitiatwe of the irwestod-
FOr persons In Australia. 'this 'Homo:ion hex been preparers for general information perposes only. Nothing in tho Presentation constitutes investment, lewd, 
acoi ntatli Or la* acv e, Or a represeritatexi that any investment or strategy 
suitable or appropriate VD individual (dot ft-atom:es. ce °Mere:lee westitete 
persona) recominencation tO ;any SCaatifIC inVeStrif. Recipients Of this PreSenlatian ahOuld 004 aaSainia that any InveStMent 
tith'ern welt or will be 
profitable There is no eiranentee concerning the echiewiment of ecergrnerit objettyref w target fete: fir or mearizrenients Any reference to twit performance 
is rot indicative of frin;re result and is no guarantee to future results. This Prearint allot, has been prepared for an:. h prcwidec only to permitted recipients in 
At:stralid who qualify as whetted.? ctients 4,3 that tetra t defined by 
7616(7) of then Auatralian Corrietations Act 20(0 (CM) (the 'Att.] ;SOO os 
sophisticated or professeanal ills'41311rt as tetrad by se-:ticas 70Eill) and (111(respeceneh) of the Act. in respect ct which an offer would not reetrire disc sure 
under Chapter 61) or Fart 7.9 of the Act. it Coes not conteln ano dwelt not be taken as curtaining any financial rice:set ativice or financial proci.ct 
feeoffinWreflfcffO.11f4  Preeer-lanee 4 rot. a Progleaus. grooves disclosure statement ce any other form of presentee effeengooci;ment tayfer the Act. The 
Presentetion is riot required to. are, doe: net, contain all Use information whist would be recce ix in either a pnatpectue product eiscio.scre :eats-mete or any 
other locm of prescribes' catering document under the Act, redr hit 
et, to be st hinitle0 to to Asetrahan Seceritie: and ewe:tette:Ls aennieskai. The 
tunas referred ro in the  inaterbla are not registered wherries as cannot in the Ace In Australis,. Credit Set.se Greop 
otner tray, erest Suisse AG, 
Sydney Brioche are lax a:A:Lome:: cepositeeking institirtions tar the purposes of tne flawing Act 1959(Ctis ) and their ....bleatiore<1....*:.1: represent cepreite or 
other bailie** of Creek Suisse AG, %nines, erantie Cana Stott's? AC,, Sydney Branch goes net guarantee or otherwise novice assurance In respect of ti
obligreiree. of SLChtlietiit Settee entsties or Men: Ms. 
For persons In Bahrain, The Presentatien has not been approVeO by the Central Bare of Bahrein which takes rye ny%wirisibility for its contents No offer to the 
public to purchase the riaetz interests wilt be made in the Vingdorn of EttilltAifianc this Presentation is intended to be read by the arieressee omito and rust not 
he p;tse!tC iSsticc to, Or Sh(3101 to the public generally. 
For persons in Snot int inform:4'bn contained herein Is for etiminalional pt.roo.:es only and is not, arm uncer no circumstances h  to be construed as, a 
prospectus. are 3iiiveitiSerit'ir-a peek orreries. an oher Lo 
the, interests Oeitribev.i Feral Or o sof:dial:Co or an offer to buy the interests cescnbeci herein 
in enrich Arai public offer or sale of tt*Intelefts Cesaribed tierein will be mar): only If apraticable registration in the Brazilian Soo:cities COMIT:i.331011 
cibtath≤c. 
No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sae of, arty ineestment will be ceenwe to the peke. 
Brrair or by any m-?.ans wove'' be Ceenieri public *tiering of 
securities in Brasil. Under no circumstances io the inforniation contained herein to tut construee as investment acske Brazilian Securities Ctiffirlti3S0 has not 
reviewer, tie rnaterial herein. 
For mom in Brunei. INS Presentation ha,: riot been eielEvit-rea to, toceruet or tier:net:it by Ai:Loral Moneted Itti.itr?I03fiiSS-aliTi. Not ha: it teen regiotered 
with the He:sewer of Compen,Gc. This Presentation is for inlorinatioral purposes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to the public. As such, it 
must not be cistributea, 
riztoctributed tO eat: Ina? rot be relent upon or i..a.ed by any person in Brunei other than the perrors he whore P. a :erectly 
comnenicatee and who belongs to a class of personas delis lee under Section 20 of the Br iinei Sect.ried3 Market Ostler, 201?. 
For persons In Canada. The Preesnustkm is only intenceri for persons in Canada who c welly to be a 'permitted OR rit" within the meaning Natiorel Instrument 
31-10? - Regiatrarees Piece:temente bee:peters etic °eve* Reel:leant °titaness. To lie eaten that the ilifunnath.q. co hints herein references wax reies 
of en issuer ireorponitee. forme or creater, more' the lave; of Calera or d province or territory of Canaria, arty traces dl nit advice reeareing such securities 
MIAS he iiCilitiCtitt thee:4h an rove-merit dealer reerterke in Caroca. No secursies ccennezeicrs Cr sheitar regolatcgy author:La, in Canaoa hat reiliesvid 
in 
anyway patsec upon these matenals, the information contained herein or the mirth:: or the Interest; descnbed twee, and any representation to the contrary 
it 3i offence 
For persons in asPre...4! or force. of the offered securities new have not been regbteree with the reperintendencia de valorsc. y Segunis (PM") pursuant to saw 
no 16.045, the Ley de ttcer<a-ii ce Owores, and reguertions thereanzier. Securities not registered with the VS may not be „)foes nr SOX' publicly in Chile 
fOr-ss a regulatory exemption apply). Thb di:current does riot ei:institute an offer of. <1' an imeltadon rxx subscribe tea or 
irchar.e„ the securities in the, 
Rein hilt of Chile, other than to ineivieualle ieentifiee investors pieta ant to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of use Ley ee Mercaeo fe %/WOW: 
UPS offer that is not `addressed to the dutilic in general or 10 a cerlaIrs sector err reaecifk gee p of the, et leer"). For additioraltiftifiliiatOn f fetrec Ns such of 
offerer' severities, pleaeioiritatt your ftelatiOnStenManatter. 
For persons in Mina No imitation to offer cr offer ton. or sale of, any interest Or inveStment will he mane to the pi bik in the Peoples Republic 
China 
rPRC": or by any imams that would be seemed puble offting of secooties utter the laws ol the PI C. Theee materials may not be dotributec to iriefiecuak: 
resident in the PSC or entities resit:twee in ;fie CPC who have not creaked all the feet:ire:I PRC government approvals it is the investors responsiielity tO 
o
.tore that it nav 
all necezary PF.0 4overnnient approvals to purchase any interiet, participate in are, investment or fiSCtigii any inyestneint acsisory 
r 'nor:Snit:fit nennenient 
iCfri 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0038999 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185183 
EFTA01354405

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354406.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354406.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SO( IV, L 
Legal thridakners 
for persons In Casaba Thic rratkettng material does not constitute a public offer in the Repirldfic of Columba; it is being distributed under orcurnsuoitec 
wh:di yo,-A constitute a petsho of ferhig 
securities wider applicable Colombran securrtres Nees anti regulations. Neither the products. or the Management 
Company/Issuers hare aria will not be registerer, with the Soperinteriaence of finance of F.olonibia. Potential Colombian investors should rn:Jke their own 
cep:ion *Miler this frrancral protruct meets their investment retgeutrver am, tisk tolerance level Each potentral Colombian ire:es:tor should inake its own 
indultles and cOnSolt 4S Oval VC vii0IS i)! IC this financial product are: the Management COMpanyilssuers, inCluOing the Merit arid risks irreolv,41, and as to 
legal. tax aim feinted matter:: cancer-Sri; an ::vestment in the producas.This riMek fling material is mattered rr: Colombia or prow:eel to Cokerd...ian residents in 
conerhance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other applicable roles anti re.g.olations relater to the promotkun of foreign financial anellor Iteci.ritire: related products 
or cervIcre: In Colorthra. Accordingly, the radx,utts may only to proiresteri t4 Cokombran ere:Ili:huts In compliance with ceuree 2W' of 2010 are under 
at cant lane. es which do Mµ constitute a public of
 of securities 'mem applicable Colombian marketing roan: and genet al securities laws arid regulations 
For persona In France. This Presentation can only be communicated to Qualified irarestor: wither the meanarg of the article 0411.1 a the Monetary finsfinancial 
,:cr,..emorrer,oO, et FillOrWani tO professNmal clients are) eirgibte counterporties. 
For persons In Guernsey. This Presentation has rot been approve(' •:r attrikarired by lite Gt.ennii:ity Financial Services C.cnorriss4ps or the States of Guernsey 
Policy Comroil 
For Penn In Hatt Ths Pnejenntalit'4i 6 fee general informatiorat may/5es only. ?lathing in this Presentatitai e intended to constitute fironcial advice. Ho 
Put& or OniVilini •:ilferlre of the IribeleStS Is Prong made In Hartland no agreement rekr tog 
the sale of the Iriteret, will be cOncludec in Hale 
For persons ki Hong Kay The krfor ;nation rnernonocilni in relation to any interest and/or investment referred lobules Presentation has nit been approved 
by the Securities acv: Futures Conanission of Hong Kong. Accordingly la) any interests or securities may not be offered or cop, and Ivor, not been offerers or 
sold in Hong Ke-ng, 17 means of any document, other than to IN-Professional insescors" ax clefered :n the Securities and Futoresi:relircarce (Cap. )17.11 of Hens 
Kong and any rut% node under that Ordinance: or flit In other circumstanced which co not remit in the (too...neat berm; a -riroweourc" as (refired in the 
Camp:Inlet: Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Cong or which do rot cent:title an offer to the Dash( within the meaning of that Or ;r
 art (b) no person toe: 
aced or had In its Ousseavon for the purposes of issue. and will not Issue or have in its possesskv, for tile purposes of Wsne. whether in Kong Kong or 
elsewhere. aryl advertisement, twitat ion or document relating to any interest or securities, which at:Cifext./xi at. or the contents of which are or are likely to be 
accesseur or rev": by, the public in H083 gong (except rf permitted to cio %, ',hoer securities laws of Hong Kong) oche; than with respect to any interese or 
Securities which are OF are interv.ied to be di4y0Sed of onki to perterns ootirce Hong long or amt.. to 'prOfeSional inveStOrs' within the deferrtion Of the 
Secriritiestaric Furores Ordinance (Cap. 5711of Hong Kong airs any rules made ordier that Ordinance 
Fa persons In brae. This Presentation has not teen approves by the Istre.r)Searilies Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli resicents in a manner that 
rife not constitute 'an oiler to the public" once' sections 15 are.t.iSa of the tsrael Se 
cities LA4 517,8-196g fl ier Securities taw') or section 25 of le swis 
investment Trusts Laver 5754-19dA ('* 
Joint investment Trusts Law'). as applicable TM imxtucts "resulted in this Presentation (the 'Products') are being 
offered so a linlited rwitthisr of lin...slims {35 in
 or fewer during any given 12 month period) and/or those categories of iramstors Pstesi in 11w First 
Metter:lino ("the Aterendure) to try iecoritles Uldt, r5QpiliVOCALOTI InwP.Storini nafnen; joint investment furvit. or mutual post funds, proVitent funds. 
insurance companies, banking corporations fporrltasire,Poscructs for therraelves or for chants ratio am Soplusztoteri Investors', portfolio managers (purctiasing 
Prus,ucts for theinselveS Or for chentr who are Sophistiv.ated I:Neste:3), invert/nen! isovisors rte investment marketers (waif's:big Prone:Is for themselves), 
members of the Ter -Aviv Stock Sschange (pvicrecing Products for thene7‘r.fves or for clients who are fgupliisticatiso investors), underwriters (purstasing 
Pro-Suraz ice thernselser.), venture cupta) ft.m.s envie-lc mainly in ifve capital market. an entity which rs whole owned by Sophisticatet investor.. 
darer/rations, (other train Marten for the specific porpese of an avAmiSinon porioani to an crier). with a SharehOlders eluity In eacess of NC. SO million, and 
imrskicalr. in respect of whom the teens e4 kinnir in: the .-..chearn. 
to the arrest ment Acvice Law bold true investing for their own account, :n respect Qt wh-kh 
at least one of the following applies: the total value of their cash, apposes, financial assetz (as refined ini the Investment Arivice Law) ark- securities tracer on a 
stock es.r.lernge lisereaed under the Sin:untie,: Law (together, 'trout As.d.,fc- i exceeds pas 8 sho rt (hiv n.), liy,37.0./ L 
the::' 
el of ily.oine user 
of the precei.!ing two years exceeds HIS 1.2 million lappiorinsile* 1200.000), or the level of income of then 'family unit" exceeds HIS 1.8 nallion 
i.arsproarrriatekiiKa,,00:3): or the aggregate value of O Veit tior0 Asset; exceeds tarr 5 arilion lapprcerniatefy Er110.000) ar4 their Nve! of income Veer es`r 
of the precteing two years exceeds NIS 6110,000 (approximately 1100,000), or the level of inosires at their 'family unit' es Ortecet NIS 900.(i(t) (approximately 
1150,00)), each as cetined in the salmi Aekerettir0, 
arrfixie-s, nom time to time. and who in ex!, care have wonted written conFiriflatioir that they yuatiiy31:
SophrstaW1 Investors, ant that they are aware of the COrCelluenCeS 01 such resignation are agree thereto; in all casyS under circumstances that will fall 
within tees priudte oacerrynt C  other ereensptru-rs of the Joint investment Trusts Line. the Securities taw and any applicable pc 
doorrouncements 
tnlings issuw. Iron: time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This PiesentatiOn may not Pre reprOduden Or t•sed for airy other purpose. nor be hamster:I to any other parson other titan those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product is pviritMsng Snell PrOeitiCt for 
c oven benefit and account and not with the aim or interaSees of orsurbuting or 
offering such Product to other parti 
(other than, in the case of an offeree which is a Sophsticater Investor by virtt e of it being a barduing corporation, 
manager 
irVinber c4 I.Pas Tel.Avve5tc‘k Enteroge. as defined in the AuCentlom, wheremai:offerer:is purchasing Product for another part:re:11km* 
a Sophrsticatec investor). Nothing a. this Presentation should be sonricered investment adore or investment marketing as definer in the Regulation of 
Investment CourrS.filie '''' Investriven:Marketing ant: Portfolio MVnagvnieni Law, 575h..1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek con-rt.:lent Investment cot reselling from a Molly Manse, investment coons& ['Svc to snaking the inved:Inernt As a 
prereoursest to the receipt of a come of tub Presentation a recipient shall be recruited by the fund to pros-ice oonfirrnation that it is a Sophisticated Investor 
;ruche:An:Products for its own account: or, where applkable, (a other Sophisticated Investors. 
This nridentatain does not constitute an offer to sell of SofisitaflOn of an cater to buy any sea.rities (Alt than the merest& in the form offered hereby, nor 
roes it f.c41.ctio.:te an offer to ::ell to or 
roik-itat_koi a an offer t4 too/ is OM any person of perpOrir in any state or other liars:Cr:ikon in which such offer Or 
soldtalkirilwxlil be onlawful, or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not Qualified to Co so, or to a person or persons to when, it is unlawful 
to make such offer Or tolicication. 
fa plata In Japan. The ifilorniatroii in relation to any interest. and/ or irwesirrient rws not been arei will riot tie registereu puts:Ant No rerrth.re 4, Paragraph I of 
the Financial instrument and Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1918 as amerced) (the 'Mtn and accordingly, any interest and/or investment in them 
may not be allergy; or 
erectly or irvirreCtIV. In Japan or to, or for the tenet of any faparw.se person or to others for se-oljering Cr reside. sliFecriy or 
roorrectly, In Japan or to any Japanese person except ureter clicurnelances which will result in etrophance with all applIcat.le laws, regulations ant ittatielillCi 
prom..Igate0 by the relevant Japanese greernmental and n,ltilatOly3titnoritie:: and in erica at the ettivvant tiled!. For tit pfirf.p.sie, "Japanese t., tilii10" means 
any port:or:resident in Japan, includir€any COrpOr atiOn or Other entity organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, 
rnatelial kSCSInblit40 try Credit Suisse Securities won) t tro,itc ('CSA:), a registerea; clnane.oal instruments rum (01recw•Gentral of Kanto local 
rioNlto gateau (icrnshoI No. 66). OIL sa member of Japan iecurit
s Stealers Association, isikile-1:1311iitnrel. AS80d.3tiOn of Japan, Japar: Invetter.?.nr: At'Vt'a'r,
k•SOCi3tiOn and Type II Financial InstMirients Firms Association. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039000 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185184 
EFTA01354406

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354407.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOf IV, L P 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Malaysia. This dock meat is provicsk on a C011idellti3i basis and made upon your veriest. Tnis riocunierit roes not COME aLte, and shot:lc not be 
ctn.:ruevas•xr:scil;ing.an offer or invitation testeisuribe first purchase sty seuiritxm 44: defines; in the Ca peal Markets anti Serthes Ack.:1207) in Ma Ifraia 
or interests (as oefirieti in the Conitranen Act 1965) to the public in Malaysia. The dispatch of this emurnent duet not make available any sect:fetes for 
subscription or poichase in Malaysia. This Cut nenr. las been issued mitide 
fslaysia ;stir no issue, offer of inv.tat e. once: thes rocunient has any ef fest in 
MataySha 
For persons to Mexico. This marketing material b rdlributed in the United Me,lkaco Hate; rfenraitol by ;. (oreip, Financial inslitutrum lInstitvtion irn;Hiciera 
cel Exterior) nor subjed to the supentsion o1 the National Banking anti Le:enties Commiusion (Comisien Nacioftal Baniaro y tie Valones) (the "CiaBM) The 
securities mentioned hereby are rot registered in the National flea:Mies Registry (Regbtro National de. Valero:) (the "Min or in the International Gm:talon 
Ss:stein tSrsterro Internacional ye COttraUkdX.S1 (the ”.SICIM the Menem Steak Eitcharate (Eloise MexieaMt de VAk.ite%). theivfoiv such secontsts, Bs issuance, 
pitying, distnbuteer and listing are not subject to the soperAston of MC Chl8V or the prosisions of Mouton law The securities shall flOt bass St.13,11.o.t to public 
offering.labri or brokerage in feleetyst:Ilitst: registered In the HMV or the X OUrsuArk to the applicable legal PrOybtOna. 
For psws In Monnar • Thn Pnxiccfropy not ftif agent,' <tr sole. directly or 0M0OCOV, to the. Public in Monaco other tan by a Monaco Bart or a iluly 
NAM1£13O;Ot e interrneCiary ailing 353 professional iratitutior-iii investor *NCH coos oiler k&.'nviedge: ant] experience in firiarvial anti thisiessas Matters 
as to be capable of is:RA:sting the SR:: and merits of an illY0.5.1MMIt in the rune. Consteuesitly, this tiOctiffeirlit may only be conuritnicated to banks Cady 
liserisec hr Ow `At Mite tie tainift.* PfOOMItier and hilly TgAVISeO pielfolionainageetit. corripariRis by uirtue ir..f Law 
of tr.:1y 26, 19:41 and Law .1.332 
of September 7. 7007. duty licensed by the toinnesidn de Condole ces Activites Finarv.ieres Suet: regulated intefrnettrarier may in torn communicate this 
coo:morn' to ta.a.entisilinveutors 
For persons In NewZee/arid This. stif011hat*:1 bat: bOell ,nepau ed for 3nei rt provided OfO7 bs OmmItret ft( vients. in new &attic wito c Lillie ;sari "MVeStrr-40 
business" or 'government agency" within the meaning of &sure 17(1) arc clause40 of Schesfulel of the New Zealanc litaiu.ral Markets. Conduct Ad 2013. 
For persons In the Suitonete of Conan. The Mformatian contained in this Pr ese.mation neither constiu,ter. a public offer of securities in true Sultanate of Oman as 
creiteisiplatec in the Conenelt ialCompano taw of Coon (e.swal Decree 41.74) or tits Capital Market taw of Oman (Puy& Decree WS:9Si, nor (Mt: It VOOMIO.,'* 
an offer to set or the solicitation of any die; w say NozeOntani securities in the Soltarrafe of Anon as contemptateti by Article I.39 of the Es/mien-is 
Regolations to theCapital Market tawny,
s.er., by Dec iron tio.112CO9I 
Arie.iticK:ally, this Presentation is lot intended to leac to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nalu I t within the territory of the St ftanate of (Aran 
For persons In Cietar Trot interest.; 
the 
an? only tieing offered to a limited number of Insesttars Wei are vagina and able to conduct. an Incedencere 
inaersigation ct the Mils invoked in en inveltment in secti Miereate The promotional riocumeniatioridC+E rice constitute an oiler ro the public and it for the 
k se only of the nanesd ACCo:C.S.EO and should not he given or shown to any other person (ocher Men employees, agents or coroultants in connection with the 
arkiressess'a consideration thereof). The (tad haf. 'VA *eon aryl will riot ha ne&istered with thee:afar central Hank or :sneer any lawn of tie State of Czatar No 
tranraction will he conducted In your pa iscictIon and any inuuliies regarding the interests in the Form should he made tot:41140We, . 
For persons In Saud Arabia. The: lireceniatisn re.ay may not be ciudbuted in the langoom of Saudi Arabb escent to suds persons 3S are iMMItilke• *neer the 
Offers of Seat cities IteguUdions tr!aree by the Capital Market Autiority (the "civt.a.'u 
The (MA cote: not make any reprecitnietliin as to the aatracy or completeness O this Dr.eionstint, one eq.ressly ',delete:, any 
whatmeseir for any lures 
arcing froni, IX Incurred in relance Lars any part <4 the Of -,..entation. erospeatie puttnasers <4 the interest otleoft.:: tenet.; should conduct their own due 
Cilk011iCC on the ucturacy at tie information relating to the interests. if you co not uncerstarv1 the content: of the. Presentation yo. should consult art 
authorized firiancrataelisey 
For penfOnS h Sineletere This Presentafron not a prosPer.tu:: 
delineri :r: the Sraill1esarv.i rutures Act. Chapter 
of Singapore (`;;FA') arc, 11;C not been 
registered as a prospectus with tel: Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under theSCA in relation to the content of prospectuses 
apply, arc this PrOjente".O 1;tzk,ie Foc he construed In arty way as a tottrarnkse or all rifler t9 bus or sell aria inteaest 
irivristnient referred to sir 
this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for you_ The product named in this Presentation is not el thorized or 
retognitee by the Monetary As:Monty of Singapore (the 'MASI ;MC Mete kd ii ,.; interests 
snares alit 
be allovilht to be offeree to retail imiltic in 
Singapore. This Presentation maybe detritatrei. only fij to persons who are TinstItutional investors' under section 304 01 the SFA. 
for persona In Souttt Kona Teas Presentation r; heals proY*.nro to you.: for general etcusson purposes only to gaoge the level of interest in the reievare 
prosi.cts The celdarry of Qin fOrSOMOtioll to you sixtukt not he comer titre ilu 31.y Wei, as riAisiling inveslnient or offering to sea any interests deso gest h. this 
ere:en:anon Rather, betore the sans 01 any men product. the mei will Fest be registered with the Financial Services Cisoundiri-sri In Sotto and a locaiii 
liceriasa entity still be engaged. 
For persons In Sr 
bland. Credit Suite provices no guarantee with regard to the ancient and completeness of the information and Goes not &vein any 
Itanlibi fur loV.rs that might arise Iron. frisking use of the znrurreatron If nothing is a dicated to the contrary, all fig vas are tir
tidityd. 
intorrestan 
pmt.'s:leo herein is far the estluarie use of the recipient Private email( it: private egulty capital investment In companies that are not trailed publicly (I e , are 
rizt Mato tin a stock exchange;. nriyaie equity lose:Relents are generally ill€rhuid and are seen as a long-terns investment. Friseite equity investments. auciunkig 
the Investment opportunity described herein, may inciode the folkwor-g aileltIonal risks: 0) loss of all or a substantial :pietas: of die inseutods investment. fill 
nvestoren: manager: May base incentives to make investment: that are tidier or more specuratke rue to perfortnance.tased compercanon, tar] tack of 
hot:icily as there may be no secondary ITIAlet, 
vOl3tIlity Of fen. Ms, fy) restrictions OF. transfer. (Vi 3 potential p. o. of olversification, fern hitet rev, end 
rr, pereee, (Yin) little or re requirement to provide ecotone( pritung and (iv) coulee^ say SZO.:(.02reS are celays in heave) Ling important tat information to 
in=s: tars. 
The reorsesentallve of the fund in Swatted:Aro is Hugo Puna Services SA, 6 Lairs de Nye, Cie-1204 Geneva (the 'Representativel. The offering documents, 
ant-Assof asioLiatai arid audited thiamin .1.atensehts ten be tenainee free r4 charge horn thy Sepresentariye Inn- piece of per:Any:runnu iniornt of the 
Fund offerer, or cistritittleo in or from Switzerland is the registerec offioe of the Representative. The courts of the cantor of Geranta shall have jurisdiction in 
relation tr, any ognestes arcing not or ihe uetIoss.4 to nerve:new ne. Any rAsoute relater: to the el:Vita:ion of interarts:A the tern, in ere.. from Switzer land 
shall tuusuhlect to theism:eh:lien of the registered /Afire of the reurhbutor 
The Paying Agent In Switaalarkti is Banque Canto ale urr Geneve, 17 Ctilhi ue 
cn-:1207 Geuesu, Se/Rioland (the -Paynn Agenn Interests goy he 
Nab:tribe-1, asettor redeemeo with the Paykig Agent A handling commission will be ct-arger: by the Paying Agent if a subscription or redemption is made 
through the Paying Agent, instructions. a no money must lye receiver: by th.t. paying agent et least ;14 hour% before the approperale dealing co t•of f time. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039001 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185185 
EFTA01354407

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354408.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L P 
legal disclaimers 
for person; Ina mu and Nest. This Presentation roes not constitute an offer or solicitation in St Kitts anti Nevis This Presertator, ha: not been reviewed by 
the Soo:Mies Commosker or the firencial Serei.to Regultstore Conimissiorr io5t KAts and Neve. 
refobt my a othority ifi St. ICe.t.: one Neastaas passer; utan 
the &tumor or adeouacy of the of teeing or endorsee the merits of tie of teems. the funs: hae riot been are will not be registeresi with any regulatory authority 
ih St. YOU and News.. Each investor :hotly coroult his or he legal arsine' 
occountare or resorcial asIsoor lot aiivice on the 6rsrious legal, to: or ec000nric 
matters uonceetang ark or her investment in the rum: There 
invohre:i 
Inoesting, well the ultimate risk tieing the loss of the 'mentors entire 
in.estIneni 
Fa persons in WEI Abu DhabllOubal. This Maser:rotors and the ittOrrnatenCOntairien herein, does not constitute, area is not reechoed to oxistitute, a public 
otter 
UnitqC Arab Emirates and accmoingly shoulO mat be < cmeruee as moll The interftts in the rt;nd are only being &feted to a Dmilect 
number Pf sophists-steed 'woo:tors in the IJAE who rot ale Willing We able to cOndiat an iceepentlent ewestetation of the fists Insisted m an intestrnent In sail 
interests . rind ibi upon tr*ir specific reeeest. The ',attests in the rent have not been approste by or licensel or registerat with the UAE Central Etank, the 
Sect:title> WWI Commooldes Authority or are/ other rekivarit hearosing atittxxities or governmental agencles in the Inf. The Presematem is for the t ce ed the 
eanitic adUressee only are ;hot k1 not he giver; or shown to any other person retiree than employee's. agents or consultants 
Connection with the addressees 
con:i0eratiot r thereof). WArans'Atiori wilt be cons used :n 
IME are.: any ene vines rega0; 
:met est 
the Furs; stools, be eras* to tiler:0s:we: 
For petiole In the United Staten of America in nI4kIng arc investment OeciSiOrt prospective must ref./ or; their own eywriination of the issuer arm the terms of 
the :lifer rig, inar,InCing the norrits erg risks insolvers. 
The interests haw. not heen re:onoeno.ceei by any letierai or state securities ester:IX5On or regulatory a:the:its. ni n herrricr#.. the toreooing authorities have 
not confirmed this.. accuracy or determines the acen' acy of this Pr senator.. Any representation to the contrary is a cr iminal offense 
The Interests hase rot been art.; will rot he resisteted under the Securities Act, or any state or oit*r 
Lawr. or the birs or any non-U S. jurin,:icticri, nor 
u such registration contemplate:: The Interests will be offered and tac, in the United States only to roalifying reec•ients of the tunes private placement. 
rremorareir m pursuant to the evemphori hen; the registration, foto Irainent.s of the Sect ricks Act provirted by Section 4121 are. Fogulatico Cs thereof are any 
aPPIleable IV51:1A000 proOtt'liOtt 5 therk'tnijir arc' in compliance with the at:pleat:Ito sect rifles lows. of the states and oho fortsciistiony where the offering 
'Mn be n'ace The hiteregs are beings,* tor ioseotment only arc are subsea to restrictions on tosocferability and resale arid may net be transferrer, of resold 
eacept 
peoveesi rn the Foos; Portoerstrip Agreement anti as permittse rosier the Securities Ar.t ate the doper:46k.. ]late setcoties laws. pm:scoot to 
registration c..r exemption therefrom. tnnilen Partners shouk be aware that they will be rectare: to bear the financial ri:P4 of an investment in the interests 
for an ay.efrrate leriee or tine The nose will net be registerei ac an investment annpany rosier the Inveturint Cernpany Art Corzeocently. investors will 
not he affornee the protections Athe investment Company Act. There *di be no pt blic market for the Interests, arc there is no obligation on the part of arty 
t*rOW: re register rhe Interests untie, the $.e.cuntms Act. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039002 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185186 
EFTA01354408

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354409.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354409.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas (together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for the fund associated with this 
presentation material. Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources 
we believe to be reliable. we do not guarantee its accuracy. completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates 
that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU 
UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF 
THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES. INCLUDING THE 
POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD ALSO 
CONSIDER MAKING SUCH INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR 
APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation material does not guarantee or predict 
future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are not insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. governmental agency. are not obligations of or guaranteed by 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.. or any of their affiliates, and are 
subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Further, the securities 
described In this presentation have not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the 
Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund described in this presentation material 
or its affiliates through arrangements that may or may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities. such 
as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our employees, including those of our 
investment representatives who may otter fund interests to clients, may now or in the future own interests in the 
fund described in this presentation material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting. tax or legal advice. Notwithstanding any other express or implied 
agreement, arrangement or understanding to the contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your 
employees. representatives or agents). subject to applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, to disclose 
to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential transaction. and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, 
without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is effective without limitation of 
any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027219 042718 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185187 
DB-SDNY-0039003 
EFTA01354409

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354410.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS,I3 Henry N.H.lee 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Overview 
April 2018 
iCapital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039004 
SDNY_GM_00185186 
EFTA01354410

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354411.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Important Information 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation') is for informational and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or investment advice, any recommendation or opinion regarding the appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy. 
or as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy an interest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Underlying Fund') or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities iV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access Fund). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering Memorandum), which will be fumished only to qualified prospective 
investors on a confidential basis. The Presentation is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Offering Memorandum, which contains more detailed 
information about the Access Fund's investment objective, terms and conditions and also contains tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund 
other than as set forth in the Offering Memorandum and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The information contained herein must 
be kept strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the General Partner of the Access Fund 
and the General Partner of the Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in 
the Access Fund. There are important differences between the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund described in the Presentation. An investment in 
the Access Fund is not suitable for all investors. Prospective investors should be aware that investing in the Access Fund involves a high degree of 
risk. There can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital will exist and prospective investors must be prepared to bear capital losses that 
may result from investments. There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Access Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in the Access Fund, prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and expenses charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the 
fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or 
management fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Investors should 
have the financial ability and willingness to accept the risk characteristics of the Access Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of interest may arise 
between the General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of interest are described more fully in the Offering Memorandum. 
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and them can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Prospective investors 
should also bear in mind that past or targeted portfolio characteristics are not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and there can be no 
assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio characteristics or that target portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of investments 
can go down as well as up. In addition, there can be no assurance that unrealized investments will be realized at the valuations shown as actual 
realized returns will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposition, 
any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may be different from the assumptions on which the valuations contained 
herein are based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any management fees, carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by 
investors. which in the aggregate may be substantial. Therefore, actual performance of the Underlying Fund after deduction of such fees and expenses 
would be lower than the gross performance reflected in this Presentation. Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower returns than 
investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the additional fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund. Nothing contained herein should be deemed to be prediction or projection of future performance of the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund. 
iCapital. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039005 
SDNY_GM_00 185189 
EFTA01354411

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354412.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Important Information (Continued) 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund, which would have the effect of lowering the net returns experienced by an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only and are provided for the purpose of making general market data available as 
a point of reference only. 
Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be available for direct investment, may be unmanaged, assume 
reinvestment of income, do not reflect the impact of any trading commissions and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations when 
used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other reasons, may have different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are suitable only for eligible, long-term investors who are willing to forgo liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite period 
of time. They may be highly illiquid and can engage in leverage and other speculative practices that may increase the volatility and risk of loss. 
Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than traditional investments. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before 
investing. Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging, short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• 
Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utilized; Absence of 
information regarding valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund or the 
General Partner or Manager of the Underlying Fund or their respective officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or employees, agents or 
affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, shareholder, employee or agent of any such affiliate). 
The offering of interests is not, and 
should not be considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the Underlying Fund. Moreover, none of the Access Fund, the General Partner of 
the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates has the right to participate in the control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management 
fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Returns to limited partners in 
the Access Fund will be lower than those from a direct investment in the Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC'). 
The 
registrations and memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has endorsed the entities, products or services discussed herein. Additional 
Information is available upon request. 
iCapital. 
STRICTL,  CONFIDENTIAL 
I ' TN.: - 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039006 
SDNY_GM_00 185190 
EFTA01354412

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354413.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Additional Disclosures Regarding Certain Risk Factors 
The risks associated with investing in a private equity fund generally include: 
• Limited Regulatory Oversight - Since private equity funds are typically private investments, they do not face the same oversight and scrutiny from 
financial regulatory entities such as the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC') and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as 
regulated investment companies, (i.e., open-end or closed-end mutual funds) including requirements for such entities to provide certain periodic 
pricing and valuation information to investors. Private equity offering documents are not reviewed or approved by the SEC or any US state 
securities administrator or any other regulatory body. Also, managers may not be requited by law or regulation to supply investors with their 
portfolio holdings, pricing, or valuation information. 
• Portfolio Concentration; Volatility - Many private equity funds may have a more concentrated or less diversified portfolio than an average mutual 
fund. While a more concentrated portfolio can have good results when a manager is correct, it can also cause a portfolio to have higher volatility. 
• Strategy Risk - Many private equity funds employ a single investment strategy. Thus, a private equity fund may be subject to strategy risk, 
associated with the failure or deterioration of an entire strategy. 
• Use of Leverage and Other Speculative Investment Practices - Since many private equity fund managers use leverage and speculative investment 
strategies such as options, investors should be aware of the potential risks. When used prudently and for the purpose of risk reduction, these 
instruments can add value to a portfolio. However, when leverage is used excessively and the market goes down, a portfolio can suffer 
tremendously. When options are used to speculate (i.e., buy calls, short puts), a portfolio's returns can suffer and the risk of the portfolio can 
increase. 
• Valuations - Further there have been a number of high profile instances where private equity fund managers have mispriced portfolios, either as an 
act of fraud or negligence. 
• Performance - Past performance is not necessarily indicative and is not a guarantee of a private equity fund's future results or performance. Some 
private equity funds may have little or no operating history or performance and may use hypothetical or pro forma performance that may not reflect 
actual trading done by the manager or advisor and should be reviewed carefully. Investors should not place undue reliance on hypothetical or pro 
forma performance. 
• Limited Liquidity - Investors in private equity funds have limited rights to transfer their investments. In addition, since private equity funds are not 
listed on any exchange, it is not expected that there will be a secondary market for them. Repurchases may be available, but only on a limited 
basis. A private equity fund's manager may deny a request to transfer if it determines that the transfer may result in adverse legal or tax 
consequences for the private equity fund. 
• 
Tax Risks — Investors in certain jurisdictions and in private equity funds generally may be subject to pass-through tax treatment on their investment. 
This may result in an investor incurring tax liabilities during a year in which the investor does not receive a distribution of any cash from the fund. in 
addition, an investor may not receive any or only limited tax information from private equity funds and may not receive tax information from 
underlying managers in a sufficiently timely manner to enable an investor to file its return without requesting an extension of time to Me. In certain 
jurisdictions a lack of tax information may result in an investor being taxed on a deemed basis at an adverse rate of tax. 
• Fees and Expenses - Most private equity funds charge both an asset-based management fee and a performance-based incentive fee or allocation. 
As a result, the fees and expenses associated with private equity investing may exceed those of a long-only mutual fund. 
• Reliance on Fund Manager Lack of Transparency - A private equity fund's manager or general partner has total investment authority over the 
private fund. There is often a lack of transparency as to a private equity fund's underlying investments. Because of this lack of transparency, an 
investor may be unable to monitor the specific investments made by the private equity fund or to know whether the investments are consistent with 
the private equity fund's historic investment philosophy or risk levels. Due to the risks mentioned above, it is important to perform proper due 
diligence in evaluating and choosing private equity fund managers to place your money with. There have been occasions when private equity fund 
managers took on too much risk in their portfolio and lost a substantial amount of their investors' money. 
iCapital. 
STRICTL'r. CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039007 
SDNY_GM_00 185191 
EFTA01354413

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354414.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
Summary of Key Terms 
This is a summary of terms only. This summary of the Access Funds terms is qualified in its entirety by the Private Placement Memorandum of the Access Fund, as may be amended and 
restated or supplemented from time to time, and the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Access Fund. 
Fund Name 
General Partner 
Investment Manager 
Structure 
Strategy 
Minimum Commitment 
Target Size 
Fund Term 
Underlying Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Access Fund' 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). LP 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited 
Glendower Capital . LLP 
English Private Fund Limited Partnership 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP, LLC 
Capital Advisors, LLC 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market globally 
S5 million 
S1 75 b:II:on 
years from the date of the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date' plus up to 5 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions are at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF IV 
advisory committee) 
For the purposes of making investments and/or paying expenses generally upon 
business da
'prior written notice 
Four years from the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date' 
An AIF MD-compliant depositary will be appointed by the Fund prior to the 
Underlying Fund's first closing. This first closing will not occur prior to the date on 
which such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the 
Underlying Fund's depositary and fund administrator 
Debevoise 8 Plimpton LLP 
Audited annual accounts as well as unaudited quarterly financial statements (2nd 
and 3rd quarters only) and unaucited quarterly capital account statements 
N/A 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
The Access Fund will invest substantially all of its investable assets into the 
Underlying Fund 
5250.000 
N/A 
The Access Fund will continue in existence through the one-year anniversary of the me
dissolution of the Underlying Fund (and accordingly, shall extend automatically 
upon the extension of the Underlying Fund's term), with two additional one-year 
optional extension periods at the discretion of its General Partner 
Capital Calls 
Investment Period 
Administrator 
Legal Counsel 
Reporting 
Placement Fee 
Management Feel 
Investment Period 
Two Years after the end 
of the Investment Period 
Thereafter through the 
end of the Fund term,' 
Carried Interest 
Subsequent Closing Fee 
(if not first close) 
Generaly upon 7 business days' notice 
N/A 
Third Party Administrator 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen 8 Hamilton LLP 
Quarterly reports. capital account statements and year-end audited financial 
statements 
Up to 2.00% payable to DBSI or an affiliate thereof?
Net of 15 basis point discount against Underlying Fund fees reserved for 
Access fund only 
1.10% of Committed Capital' 
a 85% of Invested Capital' 
The greater of 90% of previous year and 0 25% of Invested Capital 
50% after an 800% preferred return with a 100% GP catch-up and full 
clawback 
Higher of (a) Three-month USD LIBOR plus 2 00% and (b) 800% 
Access Fund 
During Investment 
Years Following 
L Commitment 
Period( 
Investment Penod5
----- 
---- 
---
<83 million 
- <S5 million 
a 75% 
L 
intlIton+t-
00% 
0.75% 
025% 
60% 
25% 
No additional carried interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
Same as the Underlying Fund, including contributions made by Feeder investors—-1
for fees and expenses of the Feeder 
Thereafter 
> of 90%
of previous i 
year or
0.25%5
iCapital. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039008 
SDNY_GM_00 185192 
EFTA01354414

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354415.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Summary of Key Terms 
Note: Investors in the Access Fund will be subject to fees, expenses and performance compensation of the Underlying Fund in addition to 
the Access Fund Fee and Access expenses and will experience lower returns than investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as 
a result of the fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access Fund. DBSI will receive an additional fee, directly or 
indirectly from the Underlying Fund (or its affiliates thereof). 
1) Final Admission Date shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later 
date as determined by the General Partner and consented to by the Advisory Committee. 
2) DBSI in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee payable by any particular Limited Partner. 
3) The Access Fund Management Fee will be split between iCapital Advisors and DBSI, with a substantial portion rebated to DBSI. Please see the 
Private Placement Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. 
4) Calculation basis = Limited Partner's capital commitment. 
5) Calculation basis = Invested Capital as fully defined in the Underlying Fund LPA (generally, Invested Capital at the Underlying Fund is the amount 
of capital invested in investments and the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved for such investments.) 
6) Investors making a subscription equal to or greater than $5 million have the option of investing directly into the Underlying Fund at the Underlying 
Fund's discretion. Any direct investors will not receive the 15 bps discount against management fees from the Underlying Fund. Investors who 
invest directly into the Underlying Fund will not be subject to Access Fund expenses. 
Note: DBSI also acts as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will receive related marketing fees. Please see the Private Placement 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. Neither Glendower Capital, LLP nor iCapital Advisors. LLC are affiliated with DBSI. 
iCapital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039009 
SDNY_GM_00 185193 
EFTA01354415

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354416.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
LY ,..ONFOENTIAL 
2' QUARTER 2018 
ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED 
PURCHASERS ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039010 
SDNY GM_00185194 
EFTA01354416

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354417.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Disclaimer 
This confidential presentation (this °Presentation•i is being communicated to a limited number of sophisticated persons (each a 'Recipient) by Glendower Capital. LL.P ?Glendower') which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct tilirorily, for the purpose of providing certain summary information about certain eelsting and future funds and accounts that are 
managed or advised by Glendower, including in connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund to be known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP r'SOF 
IV or the 'Fund') The information included in this Presentation is being made available to Recipients on a strictly confidential basis and may not be disclosed or discussed with any person other than 
any Recipients affiliates or profession:II advisers who are bound by obligations of confidentiality on a need to know basis Any past performance information herein Is not necessarily indicative of 
future results and actual performance may differ materially from any projected or forecasted performance. This Presentation is not: intended to form the basis of any investment decision and 
Recipients meist not rely on this Presentation as part of any assessment of whether to stubs tribe tor interests in the Fund This Presentation may not he used for and does not constitute an offer to stet. 
or a solicitation of any offer to subscribe tor or purchase any interests or to engage in any other transaction 
The information in this Presentation is intended to facilitate discussion and is not 
necessarily meaningful or complete without such supplemental discussion 
Each Recipient should consult its own attorney. business adviser and tax adviser as to alga€, business, tax, accounting and related matters corereming the eitormatica c✓stained herein and any future 
offering of SOF IV. Neither Glendower nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty to any Recipient regarding the legality of an investment en the Fund, the income or tax 
consequences, or the suitability• of an investment for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intended for distribution. and shall not be distributed. in arty jurisdiction•rmere such distribution weuld violate applicable securities laws. 
This Presentation can only be offered to Accredited investors & Qualified Purchasers. This material is personal to each offense and may only be used by those persons to whom it has been banded 
out. It is being provided to you upon your request for information concerning the Fund Strictly not tor redistribution. 
Please refer to the 'Important Informatiore—Key Definitions.' 'Important Infonnation on the Track Record.' 'Important Information for Recipients in Certain Jurisdictions' and 'Notes to Investment 
Performance' sections at the end of this Presentation for further important information, including a list of defined terms and in respect of the performance information presented herein. 
All references in this Presentation to
 or-U5$' are to US dollars. 
Statements herein are made as of March 31. 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039011 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185195 
EFTA01354417

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354418.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
What is secondary private equity 
A primary private equity ("PE") investment is a direct investment into a PE fund at its inception 
- These funds typically contain few or no underlying assets at the time of investment 
- They usually have twelve to fifteen years of fund life remaining 
A secondary PE investment is an investment into existing PE-backed companies 
- Traditionally via the purchase of fund interests where the buyer acquires the selling investor's interests in a primary fund's 
remaining assets as well as taking on their commitments to meet capital calls in the future 
- This is typically 5+years into a primary PE fund's life but can be at any time 
- Given the absence of trading markets, secondary transactions are less efficient, can be complex and buyers require expertise 
and resources 
The secondary private equity market initially developed as a liquidity tool for primary PE investors. It has since 
expanded over the last two decades to include: 
- The sale and purchase of Limited Partner ("LP") interests in PE funds 
- The sale and purchase of direct PE investments and portfolios 
- Bespoke liquidity solutions for General Partners ("GPs") generally called GP-led restructurings including spin-outs, tail-end 
restructurings, asset liquidations, LP replacements and bespoke fund extensions 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039012 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185196 
EFTA01354418

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354419.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
Benefits of secondary private equity investing 
Attractiveness of secondary opportunities' 
Secondaries can result in earlier cash flows' 
In 'WO 
Timeframe of secondary investment 
1.400 
Pricing 
- Re-price existing funded assets 
1,200 
Flexibility 
— Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
1,000 
800 
Hypothetical 
Mitigate Blind 
— Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
600 
timing of 
secondary 
Pool Risk 
— Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash flows 
transaction 
400 
\`I 
Mitigate J-
- Shorter duration of investments 
200 
Curve 
— Earlier cash distributions 
(200) 
Years 
Complement 
— Accelerate deployment of capital 
(400) 
Portfolio 
Construction 
— Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure across vintage, 
strategy, industry and geography 
(COQ) 
Capital calls and managen*nt fees 
Distributions 
tE00) 
Cumtlabve cash flows 
(1) This information is for riesle.:5iiin purposes and reflrrcts Glendower Capitals own analysis. The graph is an example for illtrstrative purposes only and the actual profile of any given investment may vary substantially. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039013 
SDNY_GM_00 185197 
EFTA01354419

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354420.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
Why invest in secondary private equity today? 
Secondaries market is 
strong at with US$58 
billion of deal volume in 
2017 
Pricing for funds 
stable but differentiated 
GP-led deals are 
evolving and growing 
Steady supply of 
tail-end funds 
- US$2.8 trillion of primary private equity NAV + unfunded 
- US$600 billion locked in funds 9+ years old 
- Secondary pricing steady at 93% of NAV in 2017 
- Price dispersion between high & low quality GPs / funds is increasing 
- Bespoke liquidity solutions including spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset 
liquidations, LP replacements, bespoke fund extensions 
- These deals represent 24% of the market 
- Number of tail-end funds coming to market increasing, but overall US$ value 
decreasing due to smaller remaining NAV 
- Lack of NAV growth results in trading at moderate discounts 
Tte information set out in this slide is for Mushy -. 
Secondary market 
remains strong, 
increasingly driven by 
post crisis funds 
GP-led secondary 
transactions growing 
faster than market 
Distinctive investment 
strategies continue to 
seek attractive deals 
wows only and surnmarizes Glendower's analysis of certain information set out over the slides in Section 3 'Secondary Market Update' of thd presentation 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039014 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00 185198 
EFTA01354420

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354421.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONE DENTAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039015 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00 185199 
EFTA01354421

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354422.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354422.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
I ntroductiont" 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF IV") 
Glendower Capital is an independent secondary private equity manager owned by its partners 
- Fully funded and operational since its team spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1st, 2017 
- Glendower continues to advise and manage the legacy SOF Program with US$3 billion of third-party client assets 
Our mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
- Strong buyout-like performance with an attractive risk profile, early cash flows and negligible loss ratio 
- Mature SOF Funds show 1.7x Net Multiple and over 20% Net IRR, overall program shows 1.5x Net Multiple and 23% Net IRR 
Glendower Capital is launching SOF IV to continue the successful value-investing strategy pursued since 2006 
- Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality managers globally 
- Across a range of transactions: traditional fund secondaries, GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
- With focus on value creation through in-depth fundamental analysis as opposed to deal structuring and leverage 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior fund 
- In the process of closing US$1.3 billion in a first close in May with ca. 50 investors 
- Second close before the summer at or above target and final closing in 4Q18 
- Active pipeline with two deals for US$200 million closing in May / June and two near term opportunities for additional US$200 million 
;• 
(2) Perfoiniance lytires have been calculated bas-:-..-3 ‘;rE tine unaudted mfortitarce results of SS.S.C..
oCrE. Ii 
ai 
o, Septen!be: A 
',f. one 4rrou* 
aris 
P.:,...111..Itti0n 
the 
:ta"! 
Information" and -Notes to the Investment Performance" sections of this presentation. The "Notes to Investment Performance.' section in particular includes. among other things. a desciiption of the terms tared in the 
tables above and sets forth tam:a-tank guidelines and lb.:rulers as to the performers:46 described above. Net perlorrname data relleas amourds net of expenses. feel and CEETISti interest. Imieslors should consult with 
lila' own kittOWer₹ as to rite appropriate tactors to he cot widte-ed i n twatiatiri this iniarn*ion Past perfor
mance is not a prediction of Ira. Vtra performance of 40F. SOF D. SOF II a SOF lit but is included to 
demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or that any target results will be achieved 
0) (Trentham Capita Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. L P. rSOF IV or the "Ftesin is being foymed by GiVirdo'brig Capital. LIP rCtienr
weri. which is authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conchs:I 
Authority 
The Fund is seekiru USS1 75 billion in total commitments with the aim of generating attractive risk adjusted investment returns principally in the form of capital appreciation. through the acquisition. hokling 
and disposition of a diverse oormlso a investments incitAna buyout growth 
Aintixe capital special sinadions, tuntuound. mezzanine. distressed coconut:Kies. realestate art infrastructure assets from the 
secondary market The Fund will target globally Dui priniaril' in the (15 and Europe (ij the acquisition of intelests in established generalist and specialist private equity fund stiuctures tincludirg funds of funds. feerlei 
funds and other similar siructurest on the secondary market fev...h such fund or structure. a 'Raid Secondary i. 
the acquisition of interests in *Afore* of private touly assets on the secorAary market in transactions 
with greater poinplexiti eicluding Spilern SpfrOttS. tali-end r‘sstiuctizing. asseurquidatia..4. and LP tenders teach 
investment interest. a .G.F-led Secoridarci. arie: tie) inveginents el an individuai portfolio company 
alongside private equity fund si-4411.ois (each such invei:Inient. a 'Single. Asset Dear). 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039016 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185200 
EFTA01354422

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354423.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354423.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Overview 
Established investment team active in the secondary market since 2003' 
Glendower Capital at a glance 
Independent 
partnership 
Established 
platform 
Seasoned 
team 
Extensive 
database & 
relationships 
Established 
operational 
processes 
- Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank in 2017 
- Privately owned by its partners, fully funded 
- Senior team has worked together for 15 years 
- US$3 billion in total client assets2
- London and New York offices 
- 23-strong team expected to grow to 28+ by 2H18 
- 16 investment professionals with an average of 
years of relevant experience 
- Invested in over 350 fund interests over 90 deals 
- Screened thousands of funds over 10 years 
- Integrated, self-contained processes 
- Developed by the Team over 10 years 
Team's history 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli. 
Charles Smith. 
Chi Cheung, 
Deirdre Davies & 
Francesco 
Rigamonti start 
working together to 
earn 
Tears 
Team 
restructure US$6bn 
raises 
raises 
raises 
Deutsche Bank PE 
SOF 
SOF D 
SOF Ili 
proprietary portfolio 
USS565in 
USS147m 
L1S51 550n 
--• 
2003 
20O5 2006 2007 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and 
Charles Smith co-found 
the SOF business, a 
self-contained unit with 
its own investment and 
operational processes 
r1 j Period since 2003 incturies time spent by members 01 the core senior management team et Deutsche Bank 
121 Attual committed to SOF Funds. 
(33 S0F CI is a Euro denominated furr.l. LIST values have been converted at the September 3O 2017 EURtriSS rate of 1.1822. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Adam 
Graev 
opens New 
York Office 
• 
• 
2010 2011 
Team 
raises 
SOF a 
LiSSCs 14 m 
• 
Entire 15-strong 
investment team & 
COO spins-off 
from Deutsche 
Bank in Aug 2017 
to form Glendower 
2014 
2017 
Glendower engaged by 
Deutsche Bank as 
advisor and delegated 
portfolio manager of 
SOF Funds for 
remaining life of funds 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039017 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00 185201 
EFTA01354423

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354424.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354424.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Team 
Core members of senior team have worked together for 15 years 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroll 
Managing Partner, CEO - London 
Deutsche Bank, CDB Wob Tech; General Electric; 
The Boston Consulting Group 
MCA. Ct.riurriLa Ea 
MEng. Rome Unr 
Deirdre Davies 
Partner, COO - London 
Deutsche Bank; ABN Amro:KPMG 
BC:oni. KV! lira:fort:4y. Snuth Ahk-A CA (SA' 
Rikesh Mohandoss 
Principal, 
New York 
years with the team 
Jonathan Room. 
0*
Associate, 
London 
years with the team 
Louise Schoeman 
Vice President, Finance. 
London 
Re-pined team in 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner, CIO - London 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers Trust: 
Coopers 8 Lybrand 
.IA. Cambridge Unrieney, ALMA 
Joshua Glaser 
Of
Partner, Client Coverage - New York 
Deutsche Bank: Paul Capital: Forum Capital; 
CIBC Oppenheimer 
SS. Tien. U1S,e1111 
Devrup BanerJee 
 at„ 
Tdr: 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
Doug O'Connell 
Associate. 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
Katherine Weaver 
41) 
Principal, Funds CFO, 
New York 
years with the team 
tit 
Aldrich Chan 
4& 
Vice President, 
New York 
years with the loam 
Rafael Enrique; - Mentes 
Associate. 
Now York 
Joined in 2018 
(hiring - 1O18] 
Vice President, Fund 
Controller. New York 
York 
Adam Gram 
Partner - New Yak 
Deulsche Bank: Pomona: Lehman Brothers: 
ChatterjearSoros; Cowen 
BA. Cole.ec lirircertkert
Emilio Olmos 
Managing Director - London 
ADM, UBS. Deutsche Bank. Credit Suisse 
frel0ccitice 
Philippe Ferneint 
O
ArN 
4.111F 
Vice President. 
London 
years oath the team 
Sheldon Lee 
4 0 
Analyst, 
London 
Jailed in 2018 
Wring -1O181 
S 
ai
Reim ant year.. 
ul e, / .,,k,,,,,. 
Partner - London 
Deutsche Bank 
MA Cur:lin/Joe Llanelli', 
Francesco Rigamonti 
Senior Advisor - London 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo 8 Co 
MII.4.1.1nivonaly of c'
• 
MA Milan thee. 
ri
Victoa Loire 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
(luring - 1O181 
U 
Associate, 
London 
Maxine Turner 
0* 
Vice President, Tax, New 
Executive Assistant 
London 
years with the learn 
Elena Stnirnova 
Vice President. 
London 
years with the team 
Helena Turley 
V 
Client Relations. 
London 
Reyoined team in 2017 
Maria Gianoli-Franklin 
Executive Assistant 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039018 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185202 
EFTA01354424

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354425.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354425.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Established track record 
SOF Funds as of September 30, 2017A 2 3
Fund 
SOF 
Vintage 
2006 
(development stage) 
(harvesting) 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
Total 
Fund size 
US$565m 
US$147m 
US$614m 
US$1,654m 
US$2,980m 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
/ 154 / 1,774 
/ 28 / 193 
/ 75 / 737 
/ 149 / 2,837 
Gross multiple 
2.1x 
3.0x 
1.7x 
1.4x 
1.6x 
Gross IRR 
29% 
37% 
23% 
31% 
28% 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
1.8x 
2.3x 
1.5x 
1.3x 
1.5x 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
1.8x 
2.1x 
1.2x 
0.3x 
0.9x 
Net IRR 
22% 
29% 
20% 
30% 
23% 
Peak net contributed capital 
26% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
(I) Performance figuresh3Ve been calculated based Grate unatidted perisernance results of SOF. SOF D. SOF and SOF III as of September 30 2017 and sixitid he mad and ievieraxl in conjuncban veil" the "Imponart 
information and -dotes to Performance Information" sections of this presentation. Gross returns are prose of fees. expenses and carded merest. Net performance reflecta amounts net of expenses tees silo carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the appropriate factors to be oonsiderecrin evaliteting this information. Past pedomnance is not a prediction of the futive performance of SOF. SOF D SOF 
O4 SOF 
but re Eltek1/4104 
dal:ion:watts the uack record of the Glenicivei SCiF Team and dyne can be no assurance that SOF IV voll ooh se cciroparabs, ievaits or that 'my target nwilts will tie adinivkni See 
important information on the Track Record' sections of this Pl'erSelliWOt1. 
;2) SOF 0 is a Euro denominated lied US$ o2Aues. have beim converteei at September 30. 21317 
rate of 1 1322. 
(3) Both SOF and SOF I) are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio - a well diversified pontoko of 2e private equity funds purchased through an SPV. providing exposure to buyout. special situnhons. venture capital and real 
estate stfatiNges 
North America. Europe and Asia The number VI kalttS arid companies IS a best estimate and WM'S* the awer.pite of &wi lt deal at closing Leal may inch4i, some double courting. 
(4) IVPI it Total Value to Peel in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in Capital: IRR is Internal Rate of Return. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039019 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185203 
EFTA01354425

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354426.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354426.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
Consistent top returns among peers 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performance' 7'3
Secondary funds: Net IRR4 to limited partners 
Secondary funds: Net multiples to limited partners 
50% - 
45% - 
40% - 
35% 
et 30% - 
ix 
1; 25% - 
5% - 
0% 
+ Upper Quartile 
S0F 
22% 
t 
Lower Quartile 
• Median 
SOF D 
29% 
SOF II 
20% 
SOF III 
30% 
5x 
0.5x • 
0.0x 
SOF 
TVPI = 1.84x 
DPI = 1.80x 
SOF D 
TVPI =2.3x 
DPI = 2.1x 
SOF II 
TVPI = 1 5x 
DPI= 1.2x 
SOF III 
TVPI = 1 3x 
DPI = 0.3x 
'04 
'05 
'06 
'07 
'08 
'09 
'10 
'11 
'12 
'13 
'14 
• Index DPI 
Index RVPI 
SOF funds DPI 
SOF funds RVPI 
it) Source' Cambric* Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of September 30. 2017 based on data complied from 140 secondary turret with a miriirnain ci -: funds;or year. ;ntudina 
rc 
fully liquidated partnerships. 
funned between .Q04 aryl 2014 Each SOF Fund its shovm benchmarked against their respect 
vintage peer oiogp..This infoirmaian lett cts, a com 
iSi:i
par
or 
s 
s 
II arid SO)- III performa
e against one 
benchmark only: quart*es may differ when coral-Seed to other benchimarkin9 soirees. S 
ra 
OF. SOF J. SCir ii and SOF 
data isnot included 
Ins data sin reed to calculatethe SeriChltaitt data 
(21 Information vaunted in this chart itt based an the Lasikited results of SOF, SOF 0. SOF II and SOF In as c4 September 3D. 2017 ant sficuld be read and renewed in conitattion with the important Intramation" ant
Nast to investinent Performance Intmrnabon' sections of this tiOctIlligrit 
131 Past performance is rat a piethittion of the future IS0110MISt4:6 of SOF. SOF 0, SOF 11 or SOF HI but n; included to demonstrae the track record a the Gler4swer SOF Team. 
(4) internal rates of returns are net of fees. expenses and tamed interest. Cambridge .Assoaates research shows that most funds take et feast sa years to settle into their final quartile ranlong, anrA tareVIOUS to thin settling 
they lirwalPY rank in 2-3 attwi 
therefore fund or 0tbrOPtilik PrnfOtnr±ltite metres from more recent vintage years may be lass meaningful. Median, is the middle fund IRR of the, (gaup of individual fund tRits 
ii•rzEyiss m a vintage year imintinin 3 tundst. Upper Irevii.-r quartile are ti.e threshos for the upper 
4t"X and 
(batois "Zr'tei quadias based on ins main-dual heat IRRs inc€uded in a cnr₹ape year and are iised 
in coniunclion with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum 3 finds). 
(33 DPI 
Distabdiorz to a,d-€n Capital: RtiFi 
Residual Vim!, to Paid-in Capita. 
Total Valve to Paid+1 Capital. TVPI. PliPt and Chi€ are p000l≥-3 rakon armegating all cash feiars and endir *Ws in a sample to 
calculate a dollarivirenahled return.
Glendower 
Capital 
STRIC"FLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039020 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185204 
EFTA01354426

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354427.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profile' 
SOF Funds outperform Cambridge Associates buyout top-quartile benchmark 
TVPI in line with top-quartile buyout funds... 
...With a secondary cashflow profile 
SOF III 
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
DPI2
23x 
2.0x 
1.5x 
1.0x 
0.5x 
0.0x 
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Buyout Top Charlie *SOF Program 
Vintage Year 
Delivering a compelling risk / reward profile 
Net IRR2
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
(1) Source: Cambridge Mgt.:sates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. This information reflects a comparison of SOF. SOP D. SOF II & SOF Ill performance easeful one benchmark only 
Past 
paeauwacioe is na acreditAion c' the irture performarce of SOF. SOF D, SOP 
.21' GOF III ttit 
thdisied to demonstrate the track !scars.' of the Glendower SOP Team. Informearon-plesented m "'is leapt is based en 
the urvroddect results cg SOF. SOF D. SOF if and SG? III as of September 30.'017 and shoud be read and reviewed el conjunction with the important Information and 'Notes to Imituatment Performance Information" 
seq.-n(41S (}1 tlUtt presentation 
(2) TVPI= Total Value to Pard-In Capital, DPI = Oismbutions to Paid.lit Capital: Net iRR = Net Internal Rate of Return. 
and DPI are poolerl return aggregating all cash flours and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a 
doier-vorughted return. Net IRRs ale nut of fees. wept:ruses and catried filthiest Cambridge, Associates research shows that 0166l funds take at least sax yearsto settle into then final quartile ranking. and previousto Les 
se-ttang they typioally tar* in 24 other quartiles. theitfore fond or bent-'rank perensarr_oi metriCS :'rare more recent yuniage years mar be was meerengfra. Top quaniw is the thresrod for the upper (top 
°A-.) quart* 
based co the Individual fund IRRs included es a vintage year and are used in conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (minimise f.4 fundst.
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039021 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185205 
EFTA01354427

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354428.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354428.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
SOF Program compares favourably to public markets 
Performance data as of September 30, 2017'-',•5
SOF Funds have delivered attractive performance compared to major public market indices 
40% 
35% - 
30% • 
25% - 
cr 
-20%-
15% - 
10% - 
5% - 
0% 
22% 
0% 
3% 
29% 
12% 
12% 
9% 
21% 
20% 
12% 
12% 
18% 
30% 
15% 15% 
12% 
SOF (2006) 
SOF D (2010) 
SOF 11 (2011) 
SOF III (2014) 
■Glendower Net IRR 
MSCI World 
Russell 2000 
■Thomson Reuters 
_ _ 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
23% 
I 
I 
15% 
9% 
SOF Program 
ii) Performance figures have been calculated basso 
SOF. WE D. SOF 
• 
?JOE III as of September 30. 2017 and shotid he read and reviewed in conjunction vith the 'Important 
Information' and -Notes to Performers :E. Informal:or seia 
• 
• 
s returns are mess of ui-c expenses and carried siterest. Net perrounance reflects amounts net of operate. tees art yarded 
interest. Itreestois should consult with their own athesers 
tothe apPropnate lactois to to cntsidelectin exaitutino this information Pas₹ perlormance lanai a prediction of the Anise performance of SOF. SOF D SOF 
II or SOF III but mincluded to demonstrate the track recall of the Glendower SOF Teamand thew can be no assurancethat SOF IV wit achieve comparable iesults or that any target results will be atiseved See 
'Important Information' and 'Notes to trocostrriart Portonnaede- sections o1 this presentation 
12) MSC₹ World Index and Russel₹ 2(A) index reliant% are based on total return Thomson Reptaas Private Equity Buyout Irides reams are based on price. These benchmark indices do rut revesent an appropriate 
bertha-lark to compare the performance of the SOF Funds. but ratter is disclosed solely to HeEcrampanaon to that o: certain vasSethcern and sedsey recognized indices. 
i31 Methodology. The Long Nickels method has been used to calculate the PMEs. Net cash flows or the SOF Funds are ftwicaled in each illaCk. For exhirt(Itt. RI when capital is drawn kart an investor an equivalent 
arrant is 'melted in tria index on the stheallc date. and 
when caplet 
(fair-dime-a to an Irma:Elm ads; s' vsithdrawri" from the index on the same <tide. A thaliketcal terminal yalue is generate-a based on the groula 
of the total index Net IRR a calculated thang tre caohflok replicated in the irdeea and the theoretical terminal value. Recallable distributions have been treated using the 'all in method'". 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039022 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185206 
EFTA01354428

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354429.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354429.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
SOF Funds show consistent performance1
Across different fund sizes, fund vintages and economic cycles 
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
Net IRR 
30% 
100% 
60% 
40% 
20% 
0% 
27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
20% 
-40% 
-60% 
DPI (Distributed to Paid-In Capital) 
20A 
1.24t 
1.6x 
1.4x 
I 2x 
1.0x 
0.tor 
0.6x 
4x 
0,2x 
0.0x 
Quarters from inception 
-89F 
 §pf It  -.SOF JI 
80% 
40% — 
20% 
ESOP 
...
.13.0F 
III 
11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters frominception 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid-In Capital) 
SOF 
•••••••
SOF II ---SOF III 
2.0x 
5x 
1.0x 
05x 
Ok 
3 
13 15 It 19 21 23 25 
31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters fromincepton 
Caters tromneeption 
(1) Performance figures nave been calctgated based on the unaudited performance results of SOF. SOF II and SOF III as of September w. 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Imponarii 
Information" and -Notisis to Per lormance Information sections of this presentation. Peel pertormart* is not a pred,ctoi of luttee returns and there can be no assurance that S0F IV will acNeve comprzabls results or thiit 
any target results wl0 pe achieved Th4rth is no guarantee thuit Mute pRiforinarce will be ccos--stant with past performance of SOF. SOF II and SOF III. Performance infonnabon on SOF D has riot teen ockstkai ori It=r 
slide because SOF 0 is a single transaction r topiup fund raised in 2010 to Ullfierfilite pariipassu the Oa limn transaction with SOF. Glendower does not sopc-ct that similar tram.actions will be available to SOF IV. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2D 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039023 
SDNY_GM_00185207 
EFTA01354429

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354430.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354430.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039024 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185208 
EFTA01354430

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354431.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354431.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
SOF Funds positioned as mid-sized value investor 
Below large levered beta players, above small local funds 
Secondary funds raised or in fundraising 1996-20181
Fund Size 
(USS000) 
L 
and
)
..., 
IC:: 
• 
• 
• 
Levered beta play 
PE market index 
Volume-driven 
10,000  
<S1bin 
$1-3bn 
• >$3bn 
• Glendower Capital 
3,000 
• Alpha play 
M 
• Value investing 
• Selective sourcing 
1,000 
Cis ' 
• Low barriers to entry 
a 
r 
S 
• Smaller deals 
Local sourcing 
,..1
• Very competitive 
? 
O
O 
O 
O 
O 
c;
O 
100 
1996 
•
SOF III 
,... b 
1—il 
/ 
. ,,
— 
: 
. 
I 
SOF II 
18! 
t. 
il ri
SO; 
SOF 
:), 0
 Clc> f
., 
r.:, ,1
O 
riii 
' 
14.
ti 
, 
o 
(3 
r
o 
o 
o 
O 
o 
ps 
.%. 
c 
el 
O 
Q 
C: 
P, 
c 
c'. 
• 
SOF IV 
1998 
2000 
2002 
2004 
2006 
2008 
2010 
2012 
2014 
2016 
2018 
-10 players 
-10 players 
>50 players 
(I; Clendcmer Capital own market segmentation analysis. Data source: Pregin database end Glendower Capital own market intelligence as of November 2017. Includes target fund sizes for funds that are currently raising 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039025 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185209 
EFTA01354431

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354432.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354432.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSt 43 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower has a distinctive investment strategy 
Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality managers 
Source less competitive deals 
globally 
Average deal size of USS40m: 
• Mature fund secondaries of US$5-100m 
• Mid-market GP-led deals of USS100-250m 
• Single-asset deals of US$25-50m 
Focus on efficient portfolio 
construction 
• No leverage at transaction level and 
limited at portfolio level 
• Hedging to mitigate 50-60% of currency 
volatility 
• Portfolio diversified across ca. 35 deals to 
seek to mitigate 90%+ of non-market risk' 
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
• Transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
• Mid-sized alpha value investor vs large 
levered beta play 
• Value creation through in-depth 
fundamental analysis vs deal structuring 
Buy margin of safety 
Purchased 350+ mature fund interests at a 
discount over 10 years: 
• Average 20% discount to FMV 
• Average -80% funded at time of entry 
ill Source: Glendower's assessment based on portfolio management theory. There can be no assurance that efforts to mitigate risk will be successful. Further. Glendower may modify its portfolio constriction cnteria at and 
time aryl in any fswmer that it LA, Wives to be f.fonsneert %Mtn iw overoli investment trAddivN in reaper:se to maiket within:its or other l*:ters withaft notice to ioNestos. 
information prolided as at September 30, 2017 Thee can be no assurance that the strategy will be successful in the future or that losses will De avoided. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185210 
DB-SDNY-0039026 
EFTA01354432

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354433.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354433.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
Disciplined barbell approach adjusted to market cycles 
Dialling up / down deal types relative to segment attractiveness 
Description 
Fund Secondaries 
GP-led Secondaries 
Traditional purchase of fund interests: 
Be-spoke liquidity solutions: 
Single Asset Deals 
Purchase of interests in single assets: 
• Single LP position 
• Restructuring of existing funds 
• GP-led secondaries of one asset 
• Portfolios of LP positions 
• Spin-outs 
• Fundless sponsor deals 
• Fund of funds 
• Recapitalizations 
• Secondary co-investments 
• LP tenders 
• Portfolios of assets 
• Co-investments 
Markets 
• Many participants 
• Fewer participants with demonstrated underwriting capabilities 
• 10-15% IRR / 1.3-1.4x MOIC gross 
• 15-20% IRR / 1.6-1.7x MOIC gross 
Buy aggressively during periods of 
Buy selectively during periods 
Glendower Capital 
high volatility and illiquidity 
of low volatility and high liquidity 
Deal size 
Expected allocation 
Deals since 20072
Gross returns2
SOF (harvested)3
SOF II (maturing)3
SOF III (early stage)3
US$5-100m 
US$100-250m 
US$25-50m 
40-60% 
Up to 40% 
Up to 20% 
transactions 
42% IRR and 2.2x MOIC 
20% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
48% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
transactions 
9% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
30% IRR and 1.9x MOIC 
36% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
transactions 
18% IRR and 3.0x MOIC 
21% IRR and 1.7x MOIC 
2% IRR and 1.0x MOIC 
3 
es,i,:!.,i!i“Cf market :,twos based on Oen matkist intelligence. 
i2) As of September X30. 2017. Gross returns do not reflect the priority profit share, carried inter,st. taxes transaction costs and other expenses. Performance trines have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performarice recut. and shoald be read and revtewed 
corpmction veth the 'Importers Inforrnaon" and 'Notes
the investment Perforrnanc-a' sections 
the-a preeentatiqt Er* above investment Ferlormarr.e' 
section in particular includes. among other things. a desorption of the terms used in the tables above and sets forth important guidelines and limitations as to 
 per
 descrbed
 Past performance rs no te
a 
of the lutuie p.erformance 
(3) For fund-levet net returns please refer to the overall Uansaction summaries for SOF. SOF II and SOF III on pages 43. 45 and 47. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185211 
DB-SDNY-0039027 
EFTA01354433

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354434.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354434.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDOSt 43 Henry Nicholas 
GP-led transactions can present an attractive risk-reward profile  
Glendower Capital has been active since 2007 in this space 
GP-Led transactions have significantly evolved over the last 5 years 
- Deals in the early days were often associated with (quasi) zombie GPs and were not always crafted in the best interest of existing LPs 
- Today, quality managers are proactively providing liquidity options to their LPs, often with an advisor retained to validate the process 
GP-led opportunities can present a number of advantages over a traditional acquisition of a LP interest 
- An accretive and complementary strategy to the mainstream secondary dealflow 
- Glendower has developed an extensive track records over 15 transactions with gross c.1.6x MOIC / 22% Gross IRR2
- In-depth due diligence on GPs and their teams 
- In-depth due diligence on concentrated portfolios, including onsite meetings with underlying companies' management teams 
- Bespoke design of a new fund and its terms to provide full re-alignment of interests between the GP and Glendower: 
Budgeted fees, significant GP co-investment, and ratcheted carried interest structure 
- Incentivisation / protection of specific individuals within the GP that are key to generate value in the existing portfolio 
Negative governance rights, including veto rights on add-on investments, recapitalizations, etc. 
- Limited to no use of leverage / deferred structures 
- underwriting returns based on attractive entry price and portfolio value creation 
l) As ct Sept;entv "S). . 2017. Performance figures have been cricuWed baaed on Pit rasaudifed performance results and should be read and revievred in co:stiction vrkh the -important Infitirrnatr.in' and 'Wiles to the 
Investment Performance' sections of this presentation. I he 'Notes to Investment Performance section in particular includes. among other things. a description of the terms used In the tables above and sets forth 
imrxigterd.guidelirias and lintaatiorsasto the nerfonnanoe described atone Past performance 
mg apeerieticn of the filtrol DOr[04rerattb. 
(2; Please refer to the overall transaction summaries for SOF, SOF 0, SOF It and SOF III on pages 43. 45 and 47. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039028 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185212 
EFTA01354434

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354435.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
Rigorous sourcing and deal selection process 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
-3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions' over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in oven 350 funds globally 
• 
Wind-down of USS6bn DB PE proprietary pod€olio 
Fitters 
Filters 
Filters 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c. 100 transactions' 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer. own spin-off 
Source. Glereaer Capital Fin: Watery information as at 15 Rriarch 2013. Nr.--rnbar of transecicosIncheies 
rrirreernerls armi splits out transactions vrti;ch have, been sonecaialed in one jai for rer.twlinr; 
pcirpolea 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039029 
SDNY_GM_00185213 
EFTA01354435

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354436.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354436.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Fund Secondaries transactions 
liustrative case studies 
-01 
Zi 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Discount1
Funds I 
assets / 
region 
Seller 
Description 
ra 
.2> 
Modigliani 
US$38m 
funds 
European 
• Proprietary deals from family offices redeploying capital away from PE 
(SOF II) 
34% 
225 assets 
Global 
family offices • Liquidity solution on complex illiquid feeder funds structured to address 
tax and legal requirements 
Globally diversified portfolio of mature (84% funded) funds managed by 
CD&R, Apollo, Carlyle, KKR, Apax, MidOcean, MSREF, CDH 
Whitney 
USS64m 
fund 
US 
• Single LP position in fully funded European LBO fund managed by KKR 
(SOF II) 
27% 
assets 
pension fund • US seller redeploying capital away from Europe during 2012 crisis 
Europe 
• Short fuse process with few pre-selected bidders 
 
• SOF Team knew fund well 
• Attractive structure with significant purchase price deferral 
Flute 
US$54m 
funds 
Sovereign 
Seller motivated to wind down portfolio by year end 
(SOF III) 
26% 
500+ assets 
Global 
Wealth Fund • Mature (93% funded) portfolio of highly diversified fund interests in 17 
mid-market buyout funds spread across Europe, US and Asia 
• Top interests include funds managed by Affinity. Calera, CVC 
V 
• Attractive deferral structure with bulk of liquidity events expected in the 
first two years of the transaction 
Amy 
US$36m 
funds 
Family office • Proprietary deal tracked for five years before completion 
(SOF III) 
37% 
500+ assets 
• Seller seeking to actively manage its private equity portfolio 
Global 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature funds generating strong cash flows 
and managed by Carlyle, Blackstone, Bridgepoint and CVC 
Significant pre-closing distributions representing 25% of portfolio NAV 
 C.-.3 I e n ClOWer 
 Cfinal 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039030 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185214 
EFTA01354436

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354437.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 43 Henry Nicholas 
GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
liustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Funds / 
Seller 
Description 
Discount' 
assets / 
region 
Porter 
US$220m 
funds 
Multiple 
Motivated GP seeking to recapitalize 2006 mid-market fund and provide 
(SOF II & 
9% 
assets 
liquidity to fatigued investor base 
SOF III) 
US 
Eight US market leading companies in the construction sector with visible 
growth potential, low leverage 
• Significant downside protection through securities owned (senior, PIK 
preferred and structured notes) 
• GP known to SOF Team through prior fund investment 
Southern 
• Motivated, distressed sole LP seeking to divest its captive, non-core 
European 
private equity business 
bank 
• 33 buyout, growth equity, real estate and energy assets in 11 funds in UK, 
France, Poland, Czech Rep., Bulgaria, Macedonia and Turkey 
• Highly structured deal allowed for full asset due diligence 
• Downsized captive team led by new CEO hired by SOF Team 
Laurel 
US$147m 
fund 
(SOF II & 
24% 
assets 
SOF III) 
Europe 
lonesco 
US$28m 
asset 
(SOF II) 
NA 
Europe 
Fitzgerald II 
US$37m 
asset 
(SOF III) 
10% 
US 
 Ulendower 
 Capital 
LBO fund 
• Opportunity to underwrite attractive LBO of leading manufacturer of 
polymer substrate for bank notes 
• GP motivated to quickly syndicate investment after broken auction 
blocked by Central Banks 
Company benefited from Bank of England contract for £5 and £10 notes 
Global 
Secondary purchase of co-investment position in First Data, a leading 
bank 
payment processing company 
• Motivated seller was a bank invested in original buyout who had to sell for 
regulatory capital reasons ahead of IPO 
• Asset well known to the SOF Team 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
Om 
I 
I 
 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039031 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185215 
EFTA01354437

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354438.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354438.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039032 
SDNY_GM_00185216 
EFTA01354438

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354439.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354439.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
Secondary market volume remains at record levels 
Market is evolving with GP-led transactions now representing 25% of volume 
Secondary market volumes 2006 - 2018F 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018F 
GP-led Secondary 
■ Fund Secondary 
Source. Glendower Gapils analysis. and own estimates Lased on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & LASlook, Jancay 2018: Geenmli GP Sulutiorm DIscr.Ntwn 1Mterals. May 2017: and Dow Jon-es RMAter Edisty 
Analyst Guide to the Secondary Marker. June 201! . 
F = Forecast There is Elowarmitee the eVirnate tiFhliatted wilmerraze. 
Past market volume is not a prediction or guarantee of future market volume. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039033 
SDNY_GM_00185217 
EFTA01354439

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354440.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354440.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Secondary market driven by global PE market growth... 
...And increased propensity to trade 
Total PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillion' 
Annual secondary volumes now 1-2% of total PE2
US$bn 
3.000 
2,500 - 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 - 
500 - 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Ni Unrealised portfoho value 
Dry powder 
2.2% • 
2.0% • 
1.8% 
1.6% • 
1.4% 
1.2% • 
1.0% 
0.8% • 
0.6% • 
0.4% 
0.2% 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
—As % of total PE assets 
(1) Source: 2018 Pregin Gobs! Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 2017 values as at June. 
(2) Source- Glendower Capital based on 2ifie Preqin C4obal Private Equity & Venture Capnal Rep/...it. Greenhill Secondary (mast Triards & OtiWok, ..141rp..ary IS; alt Dow Ivrea Private &Italy Anaiv 
Gu e to the 
Seconckary Market. June 2017. 
id 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185218 
DB-SDNY-0039034 
EFTA01354440

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354441.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354441.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Stable secondary pricing driven by rational participants 
n 2017 average pricing of 93% of NAV as of record dates 
Secondary market pricing of private equity fund interests remains stable 
Pricing 
110 
100 
Overheated marketin 2006 and 2007 
Premiums paid for over-levered companies 
marked to the top of the market 
% of NAV 
108 
104 
Few transactions dosed at this pricing 
Mostly unfunded LP interests 
Pricing back to normalized historical levels 
- 
Stable for 7 years at 80-90ca 
Annual volume USSbn 
.93 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Secondary market volume 
.•iiiiiiii..Secondary market pricing 
Bubble 
Crisis 
Normalized 
Sur- irce- Glendower eapttalznaNsitt ask ester:au& besed Un theecitik Secondary kbirkel. Trends & Outlook „he n. • 'ADS. ec-yerk Partraris Secondary kiwket "Nerds & Duna* %My .2014: Cove 
Partners Secondwy 
Market Update, March WC.:3 aid Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market. June 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039035 
SDNY_GM_00185219 
EFTA01354441

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354442.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354442.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
Secondary market shows a balanced capitalization 
Strong 
US$bn 
140
120 
secondary capital supply'... 
125 
... but 
US$bn 
700 
600 
dry powder/deal volume remains balanced2
Dry Powder 
3.7x 
• Deal volume 
<1- Cry Fbw der.,
Deal Volurre 
100 - 
500 
GlendowerCapital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deployin Secondaries 
400 
300 
• 
200 
••• 
a:, 
2.2s
100 
ill 
ill 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
it) Source: Glendower Capital estirea 
(2? $ourcee Glendowe t".ada€ 
Report 20'8. 
Glendower 
Capital 
Secondaries 
Buyout 
a sed on Greenhil Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis. January 2018. 
2018 Preget t31obai Petvato Fcraty & \immure. Capital Repent: Greenhill Seecerdary Pricsnp Trans & analysis. January 2018 and Bain & Company GletAal Private Equt,
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185220 
DB-SDNY-0039036 
EFTA01354442

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354443.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354443.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Significant unrealized value still locked in tail-end funds 
Seller composition expected to remain diverse 
Unrealized PE value: US$600bn in pre-crisis vintages' 
Seller composition breakdown2
US$bn 
250 
200 
201 
186 
226 
193 
150 
137 
149 
144 
129 
100 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 
issztilas 
itt Sourer 2017 Preqin GohrA Private Entity S Venture Capital Report 
1.2) &Airco. Greenhill Secondary Market tends 8 Outlook. January• 2013 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Financial 
Institutions 
12% 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office I 
„dada 
Other 
6% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039037 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185221 
EFTA01354443

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354444.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354444.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
GP-led transactions are a growing source of supply 
Secondary bespoke liquidity solutions are now part of the GP toolkit 
GP-led transactions now represent 20-25% of the secondary market 
GPs seeking 
Brand-name 
liquidity for worse 
managers 
performing funds or 
fund term extension 
Mid-market GPs 
looking to provide a 
Quality 
• liquidity option in 
mid-market 
year 10+ or 
managers 
• bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
Under- 
Zombies looking for 
performing 
solutions make 
managers 
unlikely targets 
Illustrative transachons 
......... 
l3C Partners 
DIAMOND CAIST1.! 
FEC:7 
One EcpåIty Partners 
WARSUR6PIytaxc
DNUANC, 
• 
Lt^zir1/2.t.1 Can in!. 
DUKE 
STREET 
ilka:Yr-..• :Anna 
g•
 RAI] 
cny zit 
Sb
GMT 
Zurmoht Madison 
STAGE 
ZOMBIE GPs 
USSIdn 
a 2.4 
2.7 
1.9 
18% 
CAGR 
• . 
0.6 
1.9 
8.2 
7.1 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
9.0 
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
GP-led secondaries 
—GP-led secondaries as % of total 
(I; 
Glendower Capital analysis based on Gueenhil Secondary Marker!' earls. 3 Outlook. January 201S. and Dow Jones. Private Equity Anislyst Guide to the Secondary Market, June 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039038 
SDNY_GM_00185222 
EFTA01354444

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354445.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354445.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039039 
SDNY_GM_00185223 
EFTA01354445

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354446.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
SOF Ill Portfolio - Highlights 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Investment strategy 
Vintage 
2014 
Fund size 
US$1.654m 
Gross invested capital 
931m 
Performance as of September 30, 2017 
Capital called 
1.036m 
Distributions. net 
316m 
0.30x 
Remaining NAV 
1.026m 
0.99x 
Total net return 
US$1.342m 
130x 
30% 
58% 
Asset geography 
Vintage year 
Europe 
45% 
North 
America 
4,4% 
RoW 
3% 
Asia 
Pacific 
8% 
• Large Buyout 
• Mid-Market Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
17% 
12% 
II 
10% 
26% 
• Pre 2005 
• 2005 - 2006 
24% 
2007 - 2008 
2009 -2011 
2012 - 2015 
2016 - 2017 
Sector composition 
As at September ?O. 2017. Past peifomorrizt4 is not a gua-antee os indleat4.94.9 ftt zu results . and theft' Pan be no asswance that th4.4 fund will achieve cumpwable results 
This page should be rem:vied in r. onjunction with the 'Important Infonnation• and 'Notes to Iruestment Perforrhonce' sections of this Presentation 
Consumer 
Healthcare 
I* 
Industrials 
co 
Real Estate 
Financial Services 
Business Services 
CI
Technology 
 Comrrunications & Media 
li
3% 
Natural Resources 
5%1i 
Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039040 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185224 
EFTA01354446

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354447.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDDS143 Henry Nicholas 
SOF Ill Portfolio - Sponsor exposure 
GPs listed below represent ca. 90% of SOF III current exposure 
Other 
e
HIGHSTAR d CA.P:TAL 
()NMI,
ANE 
PAWNER::
Real Estate 
COLONY 
NORTHSTAR 
Morgan Stanley 
II A RCO REAL ESTATE 
Amadeus Capital Partners 
Exposure to SOF III is based on Fair Market Value as of September 30. 2017. 
KKR 
ihirgapcim 
Buyout 
Growth Equity 
rcv 
octopus veriz,..res 
Palamon 
%odor—
Glendower 
Capital 
Gilds 
Buy Out 
Patton 
. hi i“.1 
B 1 
Os Pollen 
7.1— Street 
• 
Capital 
DUKE 
STREET 
STAG E 
tisj
Lou. Roma CAPITAL 
Capital 
GMT 
*VIM 
'Quadrangle 
Zumont Madison 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
SMITHFI E 
ET 
ENHANCED 
EQUITY 
FUNDS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039041 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185225 
EFTA01354447

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354448.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDuSi 43 Henry Nicholas 
SOF IV - Near term pipeline 
As of March 31, 2018 
Project Code 
Deal Type 
Region 
Sunrise 
Stage 
Sourcing 
Deal Size 
SOF IV 
Description 
Investment 
• 
Restructuring of 5 asset portfolio across well-known 
GP-led 
North America 
Exclusive 
Intermediated 
$524 million 
$100 million 
brands in the restaurant and fitness sectors with a 
middle-market GP that has a very strong track record 
• 
Restructuring of a portfolio of 4 remaining companies in 
Klein 
GP-led 
EMEA 
Exclusive 
Proprietary 
€60-100 million 
€60-100 million 
the Consumer and Business Services sectors, managed 
by a UK-based middle-market GP 
• 
Penguin II 
GP-led 
Global 
Exclusive 
Proprietary 
€150 million 
€150 million 
Opportunity to invest in a GP-led transaction with key 
value drivers in the educational and industrial sectors 
• 
A 
Single Fund 
APAC 
Advanced 
Proprietary 
$6 million 
$6 million 
Insurance company selling a limited partnership interest 
in an Asian growth equity fund 
Late-stage primary investment to a fund of diversified, 
B 
Single Fund 
Global 
Advanced 
Proprietary 
$50 million 
$50 million 
senior secured, corporate credit portfolios accessed 
through CLO investments 
Funds 
Financial institution selling remaining private equity 
C 
Global 
Early Stage 
Intermediated 
$50 million 
$50 million 
portfolio, including buyout, venture capital, growth equity 
Portfolio 
and mezzanine funds 
D 
Funds 
• 
Opportunity to purchase a portfolio of 9 limited 
Global 
Early Stage 
Intermediated 
$200 million 
$200 million 
Portfolio 
partnership interests in global buyout funds 
E 
• 
Spin-off of private equity team from a financial institution 
GP-led 
APAC 
Early Stage 
Limited Process $1.4 billion 
$100+ million 
together with a portfolio of 40 companies across Asia 
Single asset 
• 
Opportunity to purchase founders shares in an existing 
F 
North America 
Early Stage 
Proprietary 
$20 million 
$20 million 
portfolio company in Project Porter. The company is a 
deal 
leading wholesaler of home decor products 
'or diSCASICI) purposes orJy Mere to no guarantee that any pipeline investment wdl complete or form pan of a future invested portfolio or that it will be available or, after further due diligence. prove suitable for
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039042 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185226 
EFTA01354448

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354449.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354449.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
SOF IV - Project Sunrise 
Sole deal lead 
Expected Closing Date: 
April 2018 
K 
Fund Secondary 
SeGP-led Secondary D Single Asset Deal 
Seller type: 
Alternative funds 
Key investment data 
Transaction summary 
Invested Capital at close 
ca. $100m 
Number of companies 
Discount to NAV at close 
7% 
Strategy 
Mid-market buyout 
Gross multiple at close 
1.1x 
Region 
US 
0/0 funded at close 
100% 
Industries 
Consumer 
Use of leverage 
No 
Average age at purchase 
years 
Description 
- Motivated quality GP seeking to continue growing 5 attractive mid-
market investments while providing liquidity to LPs 
- Largest two assets are franchisees of a well-known dining brand that 
has outperformed the broader dining industry over past ten years 
- Third value driver is one of the largest Tex-Mex casual dining brands in 
the US with a valuable licensing business 
- The portfolio also includes a leading burger QSR and a franchisee in 
the largest fitness brand focused on low-cost and high-value 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
- Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
- Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
Investment rationale 
- GP with strong track record 
- Attractive entry valuation at blended 7.0x LTM EBITDA multiple 
- Conservative capital structure: 2.4x leverage across the portfolio 
- Strong free cash flow and downside protection via preferred securities 
yr discmakin ',colorises ory. The irwestrnent pr 
reed above I . scot cliose-d. or*, there is no guarantee that st., 1 investment MI tore-no
 or tom pail o 
lettire invested portlVio or that it will be a:allot:4e pr. atter lute' 
due diligence. prove suitable to SOF Dr This slide should be read and ieviewed in conjunction with the Important Information and "Important Perfre mance Information and Notes to Investment Pedormance sections 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039043 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185227 
EFTA01354449

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354450.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
SOF IV — Project Klein 
Exclusive deal 
Expected Glosing Date: 
June 2018 
El Fund Secondary 
i
Secondary 
K 
Single Asset Deal 
Seller type: 
Alternative funds 
Key investment data 
Transaction summary 
Invested Capital at dose 
E60-100m (US$80-120m) 
Number of companies 
Discount to NAV at close 
>5% 
Strategy 
Mid-market buyout 
Gross multiple at close 
1.1x 
Region 
Europe / UK 
0/0 funded at close 
80% 
Industries 
Business services / Healthcare services 
Use of leverage 
No 
Average age at purchase 
years 
Description 
- Motivated quality GP aiming to recapitalize and extend their 2007 mid-
market pan-European fund while providing liquidity to LPs 
- Key value driver is largest independent UK premium distributor in its 
segment, well positioned to benefit from market tailwinds 
- Second largest asset is a network of medical and cosmetics UK clinics 
with a private and affluent customer base 
- The portfolio also includes an Italian digital marketing company and a 
management consulting company with blue chip customers 
- Glendower Capital retains discretion on use of follow-on capital 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
- Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
- Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
- Long 15-year relationship with the GP founder 
Investment rationale 
- Four well-invested companies positioned to capture growth 
opportunities arising from ongoing changes in industry landscape 
- Key value driver led by industry veteran with a solid track record 
- Value-add potential from recently implemented cost efficiency initiatives 
- Opportunity to invest in identified follow-ons at closing, and to contribute 
additional capita! to exploit market dislocations 
Fot diecknsaon perposesr4y. The irra: groing pteserced above I . s. rimi clostei. argi niere is no guarancee 
investineol 
cenbecae or form pag og a lunge invosted portfcCio or that g lei be avaliatge or. ante fugene 
due diligence, prove ststable for SOF 
This. Blide hauld be mnd and tevie-wc-d in conjunetion with the -Imponant Information and "Important Perframance Intormebon and • Notes to Investment Pedormance sectior*. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039044 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185228 
EFTA01354450

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354451.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
SIR CTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039045 
SDNY_GM_00185229 
EFTA01354451

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354452.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354452.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSta3 Henry Nicholas 
SOF IV - Master Fund Key Terms 
Same key terms as SOF III with an increased team commitment 
The Fund 
Target Size 
Structure 
Investment Period 
Term 
Minimum Commitment 
Team Commitment 
General Partner Share 
Carried Interest 
Hurdle Rate 
Clawback 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
USS1.75 billion (US$2.5 billion hard cap) 
English private fund limited partnership 
years from final closing 
years from final closing plus up to 5 one-year extensions (the first three one-year extensions being at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final two one-year extensions requiring the consent of the SOF IV advisory committee) 
USS5 million 
Min of 1% of aggregate commitments 
1.25% p.a. of commitments during Investment Period 
1.00% p.a. of Invested Capital' for a period of 2 years after the Investment Period, thereafter greater of 90% of previous year and 
0.25% 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
8% (with 100% catch-up) 
Yes 
≥-ease read the confident-A private plawriem. memorandum of the Fin) the -titeitiorary.kirri") icr the ad a-mei:wee of risk far tors. conflicts of rhaerest. cc:m*44m terms, aril regulatory and taw considerations of the Fund. 
For hither Ault:mum of lees, such as lees and e4%enses paid by the Fund. please refer to the Memorandum, the amended aryl restated limited partnership agreement and the deed of adherence ol 
a -''-.~,.+
dootanents are in the process of being propery-.1 and will be made available to prospectez investors upon reeves(. 
1) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and the remaining unhanded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such investments. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039046 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185230 
EFTA01354452

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354453.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354453.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
SOF IV 
ILPA 2 scorecard 
SOF IV 
Key ILPA 2 Principles 
Alignment of interest 
- 
Best practice all-contribution-plus-preferred-return-back-first model 
- 
LP favorable clawback provision 
- 
100% transaction & monitoring fees offset General Partner share 
- 
Manager equity interest in the Fund (minimum of 1% of aggregate commitments) 
Governance 
- 
Key man and "for cause" removal provisions protective to LPs' interests 
- 
Supermajority vote of LPs required to reverse automatic suspension of investment period 
- 
No Fault Divorce with 6634% vote of LPs 
- 
Clearly and narrowly outlined investment strategy with appropriate limitations on investment concentration 
- 
Advisory Board best practice set-up 
Transparency 
- 
Comprehensive financial reporting 
- 
GAAP and FAS 157 (Topic 820) compliant valuation policy 
- 
General Partner share and carried interest disclosure 
- 
Detailed due diligence provided 
LP M limited partner; ILPA = Institutional Limited Partner Asset:cation The full guidelines ran be rciund at htlpftilps orgtprinciplesseersic-• 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039047 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185231 
EFTA01354453

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354454.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFDENTiAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039048 
SDNY_GM_00185232 
EFTA01354454

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354455.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
Team Bios 
CARLO PIR210-BIROLI 
Managing Partner 
Chief Executive Officer 
Deutsche Bank: CDB Web 
Tech: General Electric; The 
Boston Consulting Group 
Based in London. Carlo is a Managing Partner 
& Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Carlo spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. From 2003 
to 2006 he participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's E6 billion private 
equity portfolio. From 2012 to 2016 Carlo 
served as the Global Head of DB Private Equity 
with USS13 billion AUM in primary fund of 
funds, secondary funds and co-
investments. Before Deutsche Bank. Carlo was 
the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of 
funds: an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.; a consultant at The Boston Consulting 
Group in New York and served as a junior 
officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is a qualified 
civil structural engineer (PEng). 
Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business 
School and an MSc in Civil Engineering from 
the University of Rome, Italy. 
Glendower 
Capital 
CHARLES SMITH 
Managing Partner 
Chief Investment Officer 
Deutsche Bank: Barters 
Trust; Coopers & Lybrand 
MA, Garnbndge UniverSrty, 
AC MA 
Based in London, Charles is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Charles spent 25 years at 
Deutsche Bark where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. Prior to 
setting up the SOF business, from 2003 to 
2006 Charles was the Head of UK Corporate 
Investments, responsible for the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's 66 billion 
proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, 
Charles was a Managing Director in the bank's 
M&A team based in London focused on 
originating and executing transactions in the 
Technology. Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and 
Management Studies from Cambridge 
University. He is a Chartered Management 
Accountant (ACMA). 
ADAM GRAEV 
Partner 
North America 
Deutsche Bank: Pomona; 
Lehman Brothers; 
Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
•I.rt Colgate Univera4y 
Based in New York, Adam is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Adam spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for 
the secondary private equity business in the 
Americas and led the implementation and 
management of secondary transactions. Prior 
to joining Deutsche Bank. Adam led private 
equity secondary and co-investment deals at 
Pomona Capital. Before then, Adam led direct 
private equity investments in venture, growth 
equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private 
Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an affiliate of 
Soros Fund Management. Adam began his 
career as a financial analyst in technology 
investment banking at Cowen & Co. 
Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CHI CHEUNG 
Partner 
Europe 
Deutsche Bank 
MA. Cambridge Univerm 
Based in London. Chi is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Chi spent 19 years at 
Deutsche Bark where he was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006, and 
most recently, he was responsible for the 
secondary private equity business in Europe 
and led the implementation and management 
of secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche 
Bark in 2000 working as an Associate in 
Global Corporate Finance focusing on TMT and 
real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006. he 
participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Barks E6 billion private equity 
portfolio. Previously. Chi completed a two-year 
apprenticeship with Deutsche Bank 
Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge 
University. 
4i; 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039049 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185233 
EFTA01354455

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354456.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSt43 Henry Nicholas 
Team Bios 
DEIRDRE DAVIES 
Partner 
Chief Operating Officer 
Deutsche Bank. ABN Amro, 
KPMG 
6Com. University of South 
Africa: CA ISA) 
Based in London. Deirdre is responsible for the 
operations of the Fuld and the business. 
Prior to Glendower. Deirdre spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006 and was 
responsible for the operations (across legal, 
compliance and fund finance) and investor 
relations for the secondary private equity 
business. Previously, she was at KPMG in 
South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of 
KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She is a 
Chartered Accountant (CA. SA). 
Glendower 
•xxx•
 Capital 
JOSHUA GLASER 
Partner 
Client Coverage 
Deutsche Bank. Paul 
Capital, Forum Capital. CIBC 
Oppenheimer 
."ii. Tufts University 
Based in New York, Joshua is responsible for 
client coverage and fundraising. 
Prior to Glendower. Joshua spent four years at 
Deutsche Bark where he was responsible for 
fundraising for the secondary private equity 
business and managing fundraising processes 
for alternative investment products in the 
Americas. Before then. Joshua led fundraising 
and investor relations for Paul Capital's 
secondary private equity business and 
healthcare royalty program, serving as Head of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, 
Joshua was a Director with Forum Capital. a 
boutique private equity placement group. 
Joshua began his career as a financial analyst 
in investment banking at CIBC Oppenheimer, 
and its predecessor, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 
Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
EMILIO OLMOS 
Managing Director 
Southern Europe. Middle 
East and Asia 
ADIA, UBS. Deutsche Bank, 
Credit Suisse. Lafarge 
MSc. HEC Pans: MEtY.I. 
Polyiecluve Univ. 
Based in London. Emilio is responsible for the 
origination. valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments in Southern Europe. 
the Middle East and Asia. 
Prior to Glendower, Emilio was a Portfolio 
Manager at ADIA based in Abu Dhabi, where 
he spent over five years focusing on secondary 
transactions. Previously, he was a Director at 
UBS in the Secondary Advisory team. Prior to 
that. Emilio was a Vice President at Deutsche 
Bank in the SOF Team, which he joined as an 
Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. 
Before that Emilio worked at Credit Suisse, in 
its investment banking division, and started his 
career as a Strategy Analyst at Lafarge UK. 
Emilio holds an MSc from HEC Paris and an 
MEng from the Polytechnic University of 
Madrid. Spain. 
FRANCESCO RIGAMONTI 
Senior Advisor 
Deutsche Bank, Gab & Co. 
University or Chicago 
-1c:ottr. htA. Milan University 
Based in Milan, Francesco works with 
Glendower Capital on specific secondary and 
co•irwestment opportunities. 
Francesco spent 17 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he was a founding member of the SOF 
business in 2006. and most recently, he was 
responsible for co-investments. Francesco 
joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 with 
responsibility for corporate development in Italy 
and participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's E Ebillion private equity 
portfolio. Previously he worked at Gallo & Co.. 
an Italian merchant bane where he focused on 
restructurings. 
Francesco holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and an MA 
from the University of Milan, Italy. 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039050 
SONY GM_00185234 
EFTA01354456

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354457.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354457.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
Team Bios 
RIKESH MOHANDOSS 
Princi pal 
Deutsche Bank. Bank of 
America. Freddie Mac 
BOA. George Washington 
University. MBA Columbia 
Business School 
Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower. Rikesh spent 8 years at 
Deutsche Bank and most recently spent the 
past 5 years originating, valuing. executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North 
America for the SOF business. Rikesh joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, 
Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in 
Credit Risk Management at Bank of America 
and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
(Freddie Mac) in 2003. 
Rikesh holds a BBA from The George 
Washington University and a MBA from 
Columbia Business School. 
Glendower 
• • * • •
Capital 
DEVRUP BANERJEE 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Goldman 
Sachs 
aconomk s and 
V 
r :agement, Oxford 
Based in London, Devrup is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower. Demo spent 5 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing. 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2008 
to 2012. Devrup worked at Goldman Sachs as 
part of the Natural Resources team within the 
Investment Banking Division, advising clients 
globally on mergers & acquisitions and capital 
market transactions. 
Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford 
with an MA in Economics and Management in 
2008. 
ALDRICH CHAN 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, UBS 
5S Finance. New York 
University's Stern School of 
Business. 
Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible for 
the origination. valuation. execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Aldrich 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He began 
his career at UBS Investment Baits Global 
Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group 
Aldrich received his BS in Finance, summa 
cum laude, from New York University's Stem 
School of Business. He is currently an MBA 
candidate at the University of Pemsylvana's 
Wharton School of Business. 
PHILIPPE FERNEINI 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. Credit 
Suisse. Booz & Company 
'Telecom P 3(Si 
MBA Crvcago Booth School 
of Business 
Based in London, Philippe is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments.
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Philippe 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He worked 
for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment 
banking Associate in the Global Industrials 
Group and for 2 years at Booz & Company as a 
Senor Consultant in the Financial Services 
Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and a 
Master of Engineering (Diplome d'Ingenieur) 
from Telecom ParisTech. 
y comnor:NTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039051 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185235 
EFTA01354457

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354458.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS t 43 Henry Nicholas 
Team Bios 
VICTORIA LOIDL 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. HSBC 
Based in London, Victoria is responsible for the 
origination, valuation. execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Victoria 
spent 5 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
vatting, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2009 
to 2012. Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC 
where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally on 
mergers & acquisitions and capital market 
transactions. 
Victoria graduated from the London School of 
Economics with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Glendower 
Capital 
ELENA SMIRNOVA 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. HSBC 
Based in London, Elena is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Elena spent 
years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2012 
to 2015 Elena worked in HSBC's Financial 
Institutions Advisory unit. where she focused 
on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their 
Global Banking and Markets business. 
Elena graduated from the Russian Presidential 
Academy of National Economy and Public 
Administration with a first class degree in 
Business Administration and Management in 
2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business School in 
London. 
JONATHAN ROOME 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank 
Based in London, Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related ftnctions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Jonathan 
spent 2 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
supporting the transaction team in valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. 
Jonathan graduated from the London School of 
Economics and Political Sciences with a BSc in 
Economics in 2015. having achieved first class 
honors. 
DOUGLAS O'CONNELL 
Associate 
Carlyle Metropolitan RE. 
Deutsche Bank 
Based in New York. Doug steworts the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Doug 
worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The 
Carlyle Group. and spent two years at 
Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
hedge fund secondary transaction team in 
valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. 
Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie 
Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a 
Bachelor of Science in Finance. having 
achieved University Honors. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039052 
SDNY_GM_00185236 
EFTA01354458

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354459.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 43 Henry Nicholas 
Team Bios 
RAFAEL ENRIQUEZ - 
HESLES 
Associate 
Stifel 
ElSc Civil Engineering & 
Management, Bucknell 
University 
Based in New York. Rafael sisworts the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to pining Glendower Capital. Rafael spent 
years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers 
& acchisitions and capital market transactions 
globally. 
Rafael graduated from Bucknell Univers4y with 
a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering and 
a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SHELDON LEE 
Analyst 
Citibank 
Irdustrial Management, 
industrial Ervineering. 
Nation/Ile Supelietve 
Mines de Nancy.
Based in London, Sheldon supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent over a year 
and a half at Citi in London. in the Corporate 
and Investment Banking team, focusing on 
Private Equity-owned companies. 
Sheldon holds an MSc. in Industrial 
Management from KTH Royal Institute of 
Technology. Sweden. and a BSc in Industrial 
Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure 
des Mines de Nancy. France. 
KATHERINE WEAVER 
Principal, Funds CFO 
Deutsche Bank, Brookfield 
Properties. Deloitte & Touche 
BBA and klikrz. University of 
Wisconsin - Madison 
Based in New York, Katie is the Chief Financial 
Officer for Fund Finance. 
Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management in the SOF fund 
finance team. first as financial controller and 
then as the Chef Financial Officer. Prior to 
Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at 
Brookfield Office Properties and a financial 
accountant at Trizec Properties. She began 
her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. 
Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin — Madison. 
LOUISE SCHOEMAN 
Vice President. Finance 
London Air Ambulance. 
Deutsche Bank. Grant Thornton 
Based in London. Louise is responsible for the 
finance operations of the management 
company as well as its compliance and risk 
management functions. 
Prior to Glendower Capital. Louise was 
Finance Director for London's Air Ambulance, 
a registered charity. Louise worked with the 
SOF Team in 2011.13 as a business manager, 
having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. 
Louise graduated from the University of 
Pretoria with a BCom (Hone) in Accounting 
Sciences in 2003, and qualified as a Chartered 
Accountant in 2007. 
STR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039053 
SONY GM_00185237 
EFTA01354459

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354460.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354460.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
SOF III — Investor base 
SOF III key info 
First and final closing 
20-Oct-2014 
Fund size 
US$1.65 billion 
including Deutsche Bank and team commitment of 
US$33 million 
Number of investors 
92' 
Investor region 
North 
Europe 
Asia 
America 
20% 
Pacific 
44% 
17% 
Middle 
East 
19% 
Investor type 
Foundation 
2% 
Insurance 
13% 
SWF 
21% 
GP 
2% 
Size of individual commitments 
37% 
8% 
16% 
Pension
32% 
Family 
Office/HNWI 
30% 
18% 
21% 
$25m 
$25-50rn 
$50.100M 
$100•150m 
>$150m 
(I The number of investors includes ell investors in WE Ill with comnutments over US.$2m The tote! number of investors, inducting time rivestirg thi ough l,i wale wealth feeder funds. is 47G 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039054 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185238 
EFTA01354460

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354461.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
SOF III 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller type 
Deal We 
Funds 
Companies' 
Invested capital' 
6-1SSon 
Funded captal2
(USSrn) 
closing 
Gross 
Portfolio detail 
1. 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
144.9 
117.2 
14 
It 
US - mid-markel buyout 
2-
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Siigle Asset Deal 
36.8 
36.8 
14 
1t 
US - buyout 
3-
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
109.4 
46.0 
14 
1.0x 
RoW - buyout 
4-
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
12.9 
13.0 
15 
1.0x 
Europe - buyout 
5-
LirMed Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
II 
23.0 
9.7 
15 
1.6x 
Global - diversified 
6-
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
25.5 
25.5 
15 
0.8x 
Europe - growth equity 
7-
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
61.2 
65.7 
15 
1.2. 
Europe - grovAh equity 
8-
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
27.5 
27.5 
15 
0.0x 
Global - buyoul 
9-
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deat 
t4.7 
14.7 
15 
1.8x 
US - mid-market buyout 
10-
Limited Process 
Multiple 
Fund Secondary 
100.0 
49.0 
15 
1.2x 
Global - diversified 
11-
Syndication 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
65.3 
9.3 
15 
2.9x 
Global - real estate 
12-
Limited Process 
Fivancial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
7.2 
6.5 
15 
1.2x 
Europe - real estate 
13-
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
t4.3 
15.1 
15 
1.0x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
14-
limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
17.6 
17.6 
15 
2.6x 
RoW - buyout 
15-
Limited Process 
SWF 
Fund Secondary 
1.294 
54.7 
13.9 
15 
1Ax 
Global - buyout 
16-
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
34.6 
26.6 
16 
2.3x 
Europe - real Male 
17-
Limned Process 
Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
169 
86.6 
40.2 
16 
1.5x 
Global - diversified 
18-
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
40.2 
26.0 
18 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Single Asset Deal 
27.0 
26.7 
16 
It 
Europe - mid markel buyout 
20-
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Single Asset Deal 
29.9 
29.9 
16 
1.2x 
US - mid-markel buyout 
21-
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Single Asset Deal 
23.1 
22.9 
16 
0.7x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
22-
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
OP-led Secondary 
101.8 
40.7 
16 
2.1x 
Europe - diversified 
23-
Ltiniled Process 
Multiple 
Fund Secondary 
41.8 
27.6 
16 
1.7x 
US - mid-market buyout 
24-
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
13.7 
7.1 
16 
1.7x 
US - real estate 
25-
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
79.0 
57.2 
16 
1.2x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
28-
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
35.7 
15.0 
18 
1.8x 
Global - diversified 
27-
Proprietary 
WA 
Fund Secondary 
154.9 
81.6 
17 
1.0x 
Europe - growth equity 
28-
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
239.7 
178.6 
17 
1.2x 
US - mid-market buyout 
29-
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
51.3 
27.6 
17 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
9.5 
9.8 
17 
1.6x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
31-
Proprietary 
WA 
Fund Secondary 
44.2 
3.4 
17 
0.9x 
Global - reel estate 
32-
United Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
968 
118.0 
4.4 
17 
4.1x 
US - diversified 
33-
Proprietary 
Public to Private 
Single Asset Deal 
I 
32.0 
31.9 
17 
1.0x 
Europe • buyout 
34-
Proprietary 
Family Office I /WW1 
Single Asset Deal 
42.0 
27.4 
17 
It 
US • mirkmarket buyoLA 
35-
Lamed Process 
SWF 
Fund Secondary 
11.4 
10.5 
17 
1.3x 
Eu 
- mid-market b 
(2) 
SOF 1;i Closed 
Total 
149 
2.937 
1.931 2 
1162.6 
Nonbei of companies are liwn4 end mate 
Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 'Transaction 
1.4x 
The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF III is 1.3x. 
(.3) 'The pg.-formai-ice fipures have been calculated based on ids-smiled fair Vthl&S and shorid be 
ard reviewed in COftitt1C0011 ssith the 'imwlarit ktbrtnaticr( and "Imprtant Performance Mionnatice secittor 
performance is not a guara I tee or indicator of fuhre results. and there can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable resuho.
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039055 
SDNY_GM_00185239 
EFTA01354461

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354462.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354462.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
SOF II — Portfolio construction 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
2011 
Fund size 
US$614m 
Gross invested capital 
668m 
Performance as of September 30. 2017 
Capital called 
509m 
Distributions. net 
592m 
1.16x 
Remaining NAV 
187m 
0.37x 
Total net return 
US$779m 
1.53x 
20% 
Asset geography 
North 
America 
40% 
RoW 
3% 
II 
Investment strategy 
4% 
4%
16% 
Vintage year 
5% 
6% 
20% 
12% 
54% 
• Large Buyout 
• Mid-Market Buyout 
GrovAh Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
19% 
• Pre 2005 
• 2005 - 2006 
2007 -2008 
2009 - 2011 
2012 - 2013 
38% 
2014 -2015 
Sector composition 
lall. 
Industrials 
al
Consumer 
Business Services 
Technology 
As at &Wernher ?O. 2017. Past perforem-sce is not a guarantee of indicator ri futtzt results . and time pan be no assutanca that the fund will achieve cornpteable results 
This page should be reviewed in conjunctton with the 'Important Infonnation• and 'Notes to truestment Performance' sections of this Presentation 
lall 
Healthcare 
1/1 
Financial Services 
Ill
Natural Resources 
Real Estate 
II
k 
Comnrunications & Media 
5%11 Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039056 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00 185240 
EFTA01354462

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354463.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354463.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI43 Henry Nicholas 
SOF II 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller typo 
Deal type 
Funds 
Companies' 
Invested capital?
(USEm) 
Funded capital/
(USSm) 
Intml 
closing
multiple' 
Gross 
Portloio di-La 
1- 
Monet I, II 
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary y Seigle Asset Deal 
46.8 
45.8 
11 
7x 
Europe - buyout 
2- 
Beethoven 
ProPriotary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
27.1 
26.9 
11 
1.6x 
Europe - growth equity 
3- 
Rembrandt 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
2.2 
2 
11 
3.0x 
Europe - late stage venture 
4- 
Giant 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
3.4 
3.1 
11 
1.8x 
US - mezzanine 
5- 
Hemingway 
united Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
16.4 
16.4 
11 
1.0x 
US - special situations 
6- 
MotholLiiii I-V E RE 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
225 
38.4 
37.1 
12 
2.0x 
Global - diversified 
8- 
Hockney 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
9.5 
8.1 
12 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
9- 
Chagall 
Limited process 
Financial Instill/lion 
Fund Secondary 
9.4 
8A 
0312 
ter 
Europe -mezzanine 
10- Hopper 
Syndication 
Alternative Funds 
GP-led Secondary 
15.1 
14.1 
12 
br 
US - mid-market buyout 
11- Donatelb 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Fund Secondary 
3.0 
3.0 
12 
1.1x 
US- mezzanine 
12- 
Pollock 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
13.4 
13.1 
12 
2.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
13- 
Whitney 
Limited process 
Pension Fund 
Fund Secondary 
64.0 
21.5 
12 
2.9x 
Europe - buyout 
IS- Constable 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
26.1 
24.3 
13 
1.2x 
Europe - buyout 
16- Cecconi 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Farrel/ office 
Fund Secondary 
12.8 
11.0 
13 
1.8x 
Global - diversified 
17- 
Bailey 
Proprietary 
Alternate/co Funds 
GP-led Secondary 
30.2 
30.5 
13 
2.4x 
Europe - growth equity 
18- 
Stembeck 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
97.3 
81.7 
13 
12x 
Global - diversified 
19- Guardi 
Limited process 
HNW/ Fansly office 
Fund Secondary 
140 
13.3 
11.8 
13 
1.8x 
Global - diversified 
21- Windmill L II 
Proprietary 
COlporato 
Single Asset Deal 
22.7 
20.5 
14 
0.7x 
Europe - growth equity 
23- Browning 
Limited Process 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
8.8 
7.1 
14 
1.9x 
US - diversified 
24- 
lonesco 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Single Asset Deal 
27.7 
25.8 
14 
2.6x 
Europe - buyout 
25- Zampieri 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
238 
23.4 
14 
1,6x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
26- Fitzgerald 
Syndication 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
150 
15.0 
14 
1.4x 
US - buyoul 
28- Feder 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
GP4ed Secondary 
74.7 
80.4 
14 
1.9x 
US - mid-market buyout 
29- Fitzgerald II 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Single Asset Deal 
100 
10.0 
14 
1.6x 
US - buyoul 
30- 
Abols 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
11.8 
10.6 
14 
1.3x 
Europe - growth equity 
31- Laurel 
Limited process 
Financial Institution 
GP-led Secondary 
452 
19.0 
18 
2.0x 
Europe - diversified 
SOF II 
Total 
737 
668.1 
551 7 
1.7v 
(1) ?Jumbo of compzelies are tAist eVircate 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 'Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF I! is 1.5x. 
fif 11* perforroariCe irguies Fa-re been oa!oulateci based on inaudeed fair Values and st >tad be lead and resiev:ed in corivriction w,tlt 0-4 'Important Information' arxi 'hop:mint Perkirmanse 
rrrict
i.s of this 
l ieseritation. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039057 
SONY GM_00185241 
EFTA01354463

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354464.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354464.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
SOF 
Remaining portfolio construction by FMV1 as of September 30, 2017 
Overview 
Vintage 
2006 
Fund size 
US$565m 
Invested capital 
549m 
Capital called 
421m 
Distributions, net 
756m 
80x 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Europe 
90% 
North 
Amen ca 
10% 
20m 
05x 
US$775m 
84x 
22% 
Investment strategy 
6% 0% 
49% 
Vintage year 
46% 
2% 
I 
20°k 
33% 
45% 
• Large Buyout 
• Growth Equity 
Special Situations 
Mezzanine 
• Pre 2006 
• 2006 
2007 
2008 - 2009 
1) FMV= Fair Market Vaite 
Past perfonname. is milt a orrarantee ar inclicreor al future reirAits, arid tee can be no aserniice that the fund wilt achieve comparable revts. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the important Information' and -Notes to Investment Pertormanoe‘ sections of this Presentation 
Sector composition 
21% 
10% 
5% 
Healthcare 
Industrials 
Business Services 
IT and Technology 
Financial Services 
El 
Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039058 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185242 
EFTA01354464

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354465.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354465.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
SOF & SOF D 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Invested capital:
Funded capital:
Initial 
Gross 
Projecl name 
Sourcing 
Seder type 
Deal type 
Funds 
Companies' 
(USSIrn 
(USSIM 
CbStig 
, 
multiple 
Portfobo detail 
1- Leonardo 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
609 
205 3 
166.0 
07 
2.04 
US I Europe - diversified 
2- Sprint 
Syndication 
Public to private 
Single Asset Deal 
36.0 
36.1 
07 
3.09 
Europe - buyout 
3- Constellation 
Syndication 
Alternative Funds 
GP4ed Secondary 
16.5 
16.7 
07 
094 
US / Europe - grotith equity 
4- Cram 
Syndication 
Financial Institution 
GP4ed Secondary 
19.4 
21.6 
07 
1.7x 
Europe - special situalans 
5. Freedom 
Syndic:don 
Pension 
GP4ed Secondary 
15.0 
12.1 
08 
0.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
6- Pigeon 
Landed Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
22.8 
24.7 
05 
1.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
7- Hoover I` 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
104 
0.4 
08 
9x 
US / AS41-- diversified 
8- Hoover Ift
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
0.1 
0.3 
09 
6.8x 
US - mezzanine 
9- Amadeus I 
Limited Process 
Endowment 
Fund Secondary 
16.1 
16.2 
09 
2.4x 
Europe - buyout 
10- Hoover Ill 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
2.7 
2.6 
09 
0.8x 
Europe - mid-rmrket buyout 
11- Almdersll
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
5.4 
5.5 
09 
3.3x 
Europe - buyout 
12- Hoover IV` 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
a 
3.3 
2.6 
09 
2.2x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
13- Hoover VI
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
3.4 
3.5 
09 
1.7x 
US -- mezzanine 
14/21- Bach 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP4ed Secondary 
39.0 
32.3 
09 
2.0x 
Europe - venture capital 
15- Hoover VI'
Lirnited Process 
/alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
4.8 
5.8 
10 
1.7x 
US / Europe - mid-market buyout 
16- Hoover VII 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family office 
Fund Secondary 
2.9 
2.8 
10 
3.4x 
US - mid-market buyout 
17- Hoover VIII` 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family office 
Fund Secondary 
196 
0.5 
10 
2.8x 
US - mid-market buyout 
18- DaVinci 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
193 
103.3 
53.7 
10 
3.04 
US / Europe - diversified 
19- Imperial 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
152 
51.1 
294 
10 
9x 
US / Europe - mezzanoe 
20- Hoover IX.
Proprietary 
HNIN/Famity office 
Fund Secondary 
294 
0.8 
0.7 
10 
2.6x 
US Europe - diversified 
SOF 
Sub Total 
154 
1.774 
54813 
433.3 
2.1x 
DeVincl 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
193 
138.1 
67.2 
10 
3.04 
US! Europe - diversified 
SOF ;Ind SOF 0 
Total 
154 
1.774 
686 9 
5-00 5 
CI) Number of contr.,: 
are best evitreate 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is deeratherii as purchase price pits; unfunded obligations Furvied capital is the amount funded a each 'Emmental. The Net Muthpie (TVPI) for SOF and SOF Dls 1.8x and 
2.3x respectively Core ened Iran EUR to UST using a rate of 1.1821 
Pr The perforrnanr,e figures are based on unaudited lair values and should be read and re-dewed Tr) conjunction with the important Information" and important Performance Information- sections. Gross returns are gross of 
lees, rericermats and caned interest, which are hot cared 
tlw iiwestnwnt keret so pedormance is is.0 et4pectiril to In rfrpresteitative ol in1/4 161rnerff reitern-4 to briOnerlur S. investors triffauki consult withtheir von ,advisees 
110 to the appropriate `:actors to be considered in evationng this intormation. Past performance s not a pediMion of future performance, hut 0 a imludsel to demonstrate the trac record of the Glersitower SOF Team arsi 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or tint any target results will be achieved. 
iet Hoover hordactiorrs represent the inveStrnfr-ntS made by SOF via a st,mt6al put ese vehicle i'SPV") attracting iiddkional at-^,muntiret, and administrative oxpenses The actatil performance for the SFV may be lower than 
the performance of the indnadual uwestmeris because of the additional amounting and adMinislr athlit expenses. The aggregate net multiple of this SPV, Including the fees and expenses is 1.9x 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039059 
SDNY_GM_00185243 
EFTA01354465

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354466.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354466.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Important Information (1/2) 
This confidentiat peisentation (this "Presentation") is being made available te you (the "Recipient') by Glendower Capital. LLP ("Glendower). which is authorized and regulated by the Uniteo reriedien 
Finereial Conduct Authority, tor the purpose of providing certain summary information about certain existing and future funds and accounts that are managed or advised by Glendower, ineluding in 
connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund be to known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP (the 'Fund') 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and documents as having been entered into which my not have occurred or been entered into at the date that this Presentation 
made available but thet Glendower expects will occur or be entered into thereafter 
This Presentation is net an offer to sell. nor a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security, and may not be used or retied upon in connection with any offer or solicitation. A private offering of interests in 
the Fund will be made only pursuant to the offering documents for the Fund. which contain additional information about the investment objective. terms and conditions of an investment in the Fund and 
also contain tax information and risk disclosures that are important to any investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Fund other 
than as set forth in the offering documents and any such statements, if made. may not be !elect upon. The offering documents will be furnished to queliketi investors on a confidential basis al thew 
request. The Information contained in ibis Presentation will be superseded by, and Is qualified In its entirety by reference to. such offering documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid. as there is no secondary market for interests in the Fund and 
none is expected to develop. There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Fund. €nvestments may be leveraged and the investment performance may be volatile. Before (louden to invest in 
the Fund. prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering documents. The fees and expenses charged in 
connection with an investment in the Fund may be higher than the fees and eepenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. investors should have the financial ability and willingness 
to accept the risk charactenstice of the Fund's investments 
Potential COCIVICAS of interest may arise from the relationship between Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates (*Credit Stessee). which is acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit 
Suisse is not acting and wik not act as a municipal adviser within the meaning of Section 976 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
prorituated thereunder t'Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services. material. or information that Credit Suisse provides tea municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Meisel Rule ("Covered Party) are provWed en an arm's length 
basis and not as an advisor or fiduciary to the Covered Party Covered Parties should consult with their own internal and external advisors before taking action with respect to any services, material. or 
information provided to them by Credit Sui8se Credit Suisse also 'MD net soled a Covered Party for direct or indirect ceinweation on behaa of an unaffiliated investment ariviser for the purpose of 
obtaining or retaining an engagement for that Investment adviser by the Covered Party to provide investment advisory services lo or on behalf of the Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. Nothing contained herein shall constitute any 
representation or warranty and nO respcinsibility Or liability is accepted by Glendower Cr its Aerates es to the accuracy or com pleteness of any ineemation supplied herein. 
Unless otherwise stated. the infomnatien in this Presentation has not been audited or verified by an independent party, end should not be seen as eny representation or returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must he kept strictly confidential and raw not he reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoina. each 
investor and prospective investor (and each employee, representative. or other agent thereof) may disclose lo any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tee treatment and tax structure of 
the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax 
structure. preeteed. however, that such disclosure shalt not incitete the name ior other identifying information not relevant to the lax structure or tae heatmentt of any person and shall not include 
Information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to comply with applicable securities laws. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039060 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185244 
EFTA01354466

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354467.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Important Information (2/2) 
Past performance is not necessarily leek:Ave ua suture results and thoe can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the returns generated by the Fund veil teuei or 
eireeed those presented herein or that the Fund will be able to implement ils investment eine:ewes or achieve 
investment objectives 'The Ftincis investment strategy and applicable investment 
restrictions may differ from those historically employed and economic conditions may differ materially from the conditions under which any other investment fund or account managed or advised by 
(endower lias invested. 
Al€ statements of opinion and a or belief contained in this Presentation and al views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to eepectations regarding future events or the 
possible future performance of the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment and interpretation of information available to it as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is made or 
assurance given that such statements, views, projections or forecasts are correct. that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors will receive a return of their capital. 
in addition, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, employees or agents for updating this Presentation (or any 
additional informations correcting any !mecum:les in it or !trending any addit'nal informatbn to you. Accordingly, to the fullest extent possible subject to applicable aw. none of /.. .endowei or es 
affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, directors. officers, partners. members and employees shall be liable (save in the case of fraud} for any loss (whether direct, indirect or 
consequential): damage, cost or expense suffered dr incurred by any per eel as a result of relying on any statement in, or onession hone this Presentation. 
Any forward-kicking statements teetiluding, without limitation, pi:see:tits of future earnings or value), results or valuations herein are based upon current esstimptiens. may be simplified and may 
depend upon events outside the control of Glendower or Its affiliates. Other events that. were not taken into account may occur and may significantly affect the analysis herein. Therefore. changes to 
any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or projections. Actual results may therefore be materiaity different from any forecast, iwinion or valuation hems. Prospective investors 
in the Fund should not rely on these forward-looking statements in deciding whether to invest in such Fund. The information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources outside of 
Credit Suisse While such information is believed to be reliable for the purposes used herein. neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its affiliates or partners, members or employees, assume any 
responsibility for the accuracy of such info! oration 
See the 'Notes to Investment Performance" containing additional important information regarding performance and targeted returns. 
This Presentation does not form part of the basis for any contract between Glendower or its affiliates and any investor 
Recipient; of this Presentation shall not treat this Presentation as tar. 
regulatory, accounting, legal, investment or any other advice In relation to the Reopen! of this information and this inlormation should not and cannot be relied upon as such. The distribution of this 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons who same into possession 01 this Presentation are required to inform themselves aboul, and to 
observe. any such restrictions 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering of interests in the Fund or the adequacy of the information contained herein Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of interests and risk factors. An investment in the Fund is 
suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability and willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity associated with an investment in the Fund Investors in the Fund 
must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039061 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185245 
EFTA01354467

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354468.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal' means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors (and any follow-on investments in any such 
investment but no! including any OP-led Secondary) as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires -Fund Secondary- means (a) an Interest held directly or Indirectly by the Punct 
in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including a fund of hinds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a standalone transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired 
in a single transaction, in each case as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires, provided that any interest referred to in clause raj shall be in a fund structure that either has an 
investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) or has drawn down or committed to invest at least 5014 of its aggregate commitments. and provkled that any portfolio of 
interests referred to in clause tbj shall be in hind structures that in the aggregate have drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of their aggregate commitments, provided further that the 
aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an investment period that is aaiired (other than for follow-on investments) sha€ be deemed to equal the amount drawn down in such fund 
structure and provided. further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be detemnined to be an Early Stage Investment 
"GP-led Secondary' means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct private equity assets through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(and any follow-on investments in any such investment interest but not inc€uding any Single Asset Dea€sj as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires. 
"SOF means DB Secondary Opportunities RintiA. L.P DS Secondary Opportunities Fund E. L.P. and 05 Secondary Oppodundies Fund C. L.P. 
"SOF D" means OB Secondary Oppertunites Fund 0. L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Oppodunees Fund ii, L.
"SOF lit" means Secondary Opportunities Fund ill. LP 
"SOF Funds," *SOF Program: or 'Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF 
'SOF Team" and 'Glendower SOF Team" have the meanings set forth in the Memorandum. 
"Russell 2000 Index' The Russell 2000 Index is a small-cap stock market index of the bottom 2.000 stocks in the Russell 3000 Index. The index is maintained by FTSE Russell a subsidiary of the 
London Stock Exchange Group. 
"Mel Wor€d index' The MSCI World index is a broad global equity benc:hrnark that represents large and mid-cap equ€y periormance across 23 developed mareets countries. H: covers approximately 
85% of the tree float-adjusted market capitalization in each country 
"Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index": The Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index seeks to replicate the return profrie of the private equity buyout asset class by constricting a 
combination of sector portfolio returns These sector portfolios are designed to track the performance of private equity sector investments by holding liquid exchange traded instruments rather than 
investatg directly in private equity arms 
For other definitions please refer to the Memorandum. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039062 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185246 
EFTA01354468

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354469.pdf
----------------------------------------
&DuSion Henry Nicholas 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Important Information on the Track Record. 
The Giendower SOF Team spin-off from Deutsche Beni and its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank' j nit August 1.2017 and established Glendower Capital: LLP and its affiliates (together. alleamiceee 
o:,
independent private equity limn owned by its partners focused on secondary transactions in private markets The performance information and track record set out in this Presentation in respect of the 
SOF Funds covers the period time from inception of the SOF Funds to date. including the time prior to the formation of Glendower. when the team were employees of Deutsche Bank In evaluating 
the track record. each Recipient should note that (i) Carlo Pirzio-Bircai and Charles Smith have been permanent voting In-embers of the SOP Funds investment comnettees since inception: (ii) Chi 
Cheung. Francesco Rigamonti and Adam Graev have attended as observers the majority of investment committees of the SOF Funds since inception. they were appointed in December 2011 during 
the SOF II investment period as voting members on a rotational basis and have been permanent voting members since January 2013: (iii) other employees of Deutsche Bank who were not part of the 
SOF investment team and that have not joined Glendower were involved at different times on the investment comrmttees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in respect of 
the investments made by the SOF Funds and Ovj in connection with the investments comprising the track record, the Glendower investment professionals were part of a larger group within Deutsche 
sank. The investment performance included herein is intended solely to provide Recipients with information abut the Glendower SOF Team's investment experience. The performance information 
provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited ("DAAMIG)Le) and provided to Glendower and relates lo the SOF Funds and the related individual 
underlying transactions, in respect of which the Glendower SOF Team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers andior investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. 
Glendower takes responsibility for its use of this performance information and its compliance with all applicable laws, regulati
s. rules and guidelines. including, but not limited to, the investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and in particular. Rule 204-2 thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for the use of such performance information try Glendower. 
Investment returns. Unless otherwise stated, returns are as of September 30, 2017. are unaudited and are illustrative only. As used herein and unless otherwise Indicated. 'Gross IRR" and Net 
IRR" shall mean an agaregate, compound. annual, gross or net as applicable. internal rate of return on investments, based on daily cash (ems. Cater!tenons are presented based on actual cash tows 
to and from limited partners All IRRs are presented on a "gross' basis unless otherwise slated )i.e , they do not reflect the priority proltt share, carried Interest. taxes, transaction costs in connection 
wAh the disposition of unrealized investments and other expenses that are borne by investors in the applicable funds, all of which will reduce regions and, in the aggregate: are expected to be 
substantial} Net IRR is presented after deducting all priority profit share. carried interest, taxes. traristakin costs and other fees and expenses (other than taxes borne or to be borne by investors. 
'miten° as a result of an investors domicile). Further, note that the calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR In respect of the SOF Funds Is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of 
subscription line facilities_ Returns Wont purchase price netting in all instances where subscription credit lines. payment deferrals. and permanent fund borrowing have been utilized. Although the 
manage' maintains flexibility to do so, capital has not been recycled to dale. Distributions to Paid-In Capital CDPI"I represents aggregate distributions to Investor; in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions tothe SOF Funds. Residual Value to Paid-in Capital i*RVPI") represents the value of the SOF Funds investors' interest held withth the SOF Funds relative to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Funds. net of the SOF Funds' carried interest. manadernent fees and other expenses. Total Value to Paid-in Capital ('TVPI"): TVPI =DPI 4- RVPI Gross multiple 
represents Tolal Value divided by Funded Capital. Net fund data met TVPI, etc.) net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried interest. management fees and other expenses. 
Valuations. Valuations of unrealized investments are generally based on a good faith and reasonable determination by the general partner of the relevant investment hind. My such valuation of 
unrealized investment will be based on assumptions that such general penner believes are reasonable under the cilturnstances. the actual realized returns on unrealized investments will depend on, 
among other factors. future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposition. any related transaction costs and the timing and manner of sate, all of which may 
differ from the assumptions on which the valuations used in the prior performance data contained herein are based. Accordingly. the actual realized returns generated by these unrealized investments 
may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. 
Target returns. The targeted returns (the "Targets') presented herein are based on Glendower's views regarding the returns on investments that such funds may be able to achieve define their 
respective terms based on the investment performance of similar investments, current market conditions, potential investment opportunities that are being reviewed or have recently been reviewed. 
availability of financthg and certain assumptions about investing conditions and market fluctuation or recovery The Targets are also based on models. estimates: and assumptions about performance 
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. There is no guarantee that the facts upon which such assumptions are based will materialize as anticipated and will be applicable to such funds' 
investments. €ndividual investments made by such funds rray have anticipated returns below or above the Targets The Targets are hypothetical and are neither a guarantee nor a prediction or 
projection of future performance. A broad range of risks could cause the funds to fail to meet their Targets. As with other gross returns. gross Targets do not reflect the priority profit share, 'carried 
interest,' takes, transaction costs in connection with the disposition of unrealized investments and other expenses that will be borne by investors, which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, are 
expected to be substantal. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039063 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185247 
EFTA01354469

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354470.pdf
----------------------------------------
GeDuStee Henry Nicholas 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (1/6) 
For Residents of the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the .AiFMD"). the Fund will constitute an EU AiF (as defined in the AliettiDi whose AIF M (as defined in the AiFMD) is the 
Manager. tse€f an EU AlFki Except as provided below in iespect of the specific mentor states listed, this Presentation and any other doteeents or mater a< r
e.ted to tee offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase. of the interests in the Fund, shall only be distributed to prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member state of the European 
Economic Area that are 'professional investors'. For these purposes. a 'professional investor' is a person yaw is considered to bee professional dent or who may. on request, be treated as a 
professional client within the meaning of Anne II to Directive 2004/39rEC. 
AiFMD Notice. 
In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a 'Member State') which has implemented the Alternative Inverement Fund Managers Directive (Directive (201.1/61/EU)) (the 'AIFMD") (and for 
which transitional arrangements are not/ no longer available), this Presentation may only be distnbtrted and interests in the Fund may only he offered or placed In a Member State to the e ent that: (I) 
the Fund is perrnitt61 to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD as implemented into the local Law/regulation of the relevant. Member State); or 
(2) this presentation may otherwise he lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may otherwise be lawliiity offered or placed in that Member Slate (including at the initiative of the investor). 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA which, at the date of this presentation. has not implemented AiFMD. this presentation may only be distributed arid interests in the Fund may only be 
offered or placed to the extent that this presentation may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may lawfully be offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of the 
investor). 
For persons in Australia. This information has been prepared for general information purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation constitutes investment legal, accounting or tax advice, or a 
representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to individual circumstances. or otherwise constitute a personal recommendation to any specific investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation should not assume that any investment discussed herein were of will be profitable. There is no ouarantee concerning the achievement of investment objectives or target returns or 
measurements. Any reference to past perforrinnce is not 'majesties of future results and is no guarantee to future results This Presentation has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted 
recipients its Australia who qualify as wholesale clients as that term is defined by section 761G(7) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth 1 (the `Act) and as sophisticated or professional 
investors as defined by sections 708(8) and (ll) (respectively of the Act In respect of which an offer would not require disclosure under Chapter 61) or Pail 7. e of the Act It does not contain and 
should not be taken as containing any financial product advice or 'financial product recommerda€ions. This Presentation is not a prospectus, product disclosure statement or any other form of 
prescribed offering document under the Act. This Presentation Is not required to. and does not. contain all the information which would be required in either a prospectus, product disclosure statement 
or any other form of prescribed offering document under the Act, nor G it required to be submitted to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Tne funds referred to in these materials 
are not registered schemes as defined in the Act. In Australia. Credit Suisse Group entities, other than Credit Suisse AG. Sydney Branch. are not authorized depositntakina institutions kir the purposes 
of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth.) and their obligations do not represent deposits or other liabilities of Credit Suisse AG. Sydney Branch. Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch does not guarantee or 
otherwise provide assurance in respect of the otiligalions of such Credit Suisse entities or the funds. 
For persons in Bahrain. The Presentation has not been approved by the Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents. No offer to the public to purchase the Funds interests 
will be made in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Presentation is intended to be read by the addressee only and must not be passed to, issued to. or shown to the public generally. 
For persons in Brazil. The information contained herein is for informational purposes only and is not and under no circumstances is to be construed as. a prospectus. an advertisement. a public 
offering. an offer to sell the interests described herein or a solicitation of an offer to buy the interests described herein in Brazil. Any public offer or sale of the interests described herein will be made 
only if applicable registration in the Brazilian Securities Commission is obtained. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any investment will be deemed to the public in Brazil or by any means 
would be deemed public offering of securities in Brazil. Under no circumstances is the information contained herein to be construed as investment advice. Brazilian Securities Commission has not 
reviewed the material herein.
Glendower 
Capital 
S•F'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039064 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185248 
EFTA01354470

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354471.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354471.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (2/6) 
For persons in Brunei. This Presentation has not been delivered to. licensee of permitted by Autoriti Merietan Brunei Derussalam. Nor has it been registered with the Registrar of Companies. 'ens 
Presentation is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to the pub€ic As such. it 'oast not be distributed or redistributed to and may not be re€ed upon or used by 
any person in Brunei other than the person to whom it is directly communicated and who belongs to a class of persons as defined under Section 20 of the Brunei Securities Market Order. 2013 
For persons in Canada. This Presentation is only intended for persons in Canada who qualify to be a 'permitted client' within the meaning National Instrument 31-103 — Registration Requirements, 
Feeemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. To the extent that the infomaation contained herein references securities of en 'stier incorporated. termed or created under the laws of Canada or a 
province Or tenacity of Canada, any trades in or advice regarding such securities must be conducted through an investment dealer registered in Canada No securities commission or similar regulatory 
authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon these materials, the information contained herein or the merits of the interests described herein and any representation to the contrary is 
an offence. 
For persons in Cayman Islands. No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the interests 
For persons in Chile. All or sorry of the offered securdies may have not been reapsterc-d with the Supenntendentea de Valores y Seguros ("SYS') pursuant to law no 18,045, the Ley de Mercado de 
Valores, and regulations thereunder. Securities nor registered with the SV$ may not be offered or soki publicly in Chile (unless a regulatory exemption apply). This document does not constitute an 
offer of. or an invitation to subscribe for or purthase. the sectirites in the Republic of Chike other than to rndivdua€y identified investors pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of article a of 
the Ley de Mercado de Valores (an otter that is not "addressed to the public in general or to a certain sector or specific group of the public'). For additional information referred to each of the offered 
securities. please contact your Reiationship Manager. 
For persons in China. No invitation to offer. or offer tor, or sale of. any interest or investment will be made to the public in the People's Reputatic of China CPRCta or by any means that would be 
deemed public offering of securities under the laws of the PRC. These materials may not be distributed to individuals resident in the PRC or entities registered in the PRC who have not obtained all the 
required PRO government approvals. it is the investors responsibility to ensure that it has obtained afi necessary PRO government approvals to purchase any interest. participate in any investment or 
receive any investment advisory or investment tranagement services. 
For persons In Colombia, This marketing material does not constitute a public offer in the Republic of Colombia It is being distributed under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of 
securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. Neither the products, nor the Management Company/issues have and will not be registered with the Superintendence of 
Finance of Caliente Potential Colombian investors should make €heir owe decision whether this financial pm-duct mess thew investment objectives and risk tolerance level. Each potential Colombian 
investor should make ils own Inquiries and consult its own advisors as to this financial product and the Management Company/Issuers. Including the merits and risks involved. arid as to leoal. tax and 
related matters concerning an investment in ine products. This marketing material is marketed in Colombia or provided to Colomben residents in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other 
apphthble rules and regulations related to the promotion of !breath financial andke securities related products or services in Colombia. Accordingly. the products may on
be promoted to Colombian 
residents in compliance with decree 2565 of 2010 and under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under applicable Colombian marketing rules and general securities 
laws and regu€ations. 
For persons in France. This Presentation can only be cerrentieeatee to etiai eid awestors within the meaning of the article D411 1 of the Monetary Financial Code (Code Mcin6taire et Financier) to 
professional clients and eligible counterparties 
For persons in Guernsey. This Presentation has net been approved or authonzed by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission or the States of Guernsey Policy Council. 
For persons in Haiti. This Presentation is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation is Intended to constitute financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests Is 
being :wade in Nadi and no agreement relating to the sale of the Interests will be concluded in Hale 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039065 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185249 
EFTA01354471

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354472.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (3/6) 
For persons in Hong Kong. The information memorandum in relation to any interest and/or investment referred to in this Presentation has not been approved by the Securities one Hattie's 
Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly Ceti any Interests or secuntres may not be offered or sold and have net been offered or sold in Hong Kong. by means et any document, other than to (i) 
"professional investors- as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made tinder that Ordinance, or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a -prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap 622) of Hong leong or which do not constitute an offer to the mega within the meaning of that Ordinance, and it') no 
person has issued or had In its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have 'n ins possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or ethewtiere. any advertisement. 
invitation or document relating to any interest or securities, which th directed at. or the contents of which are or are likely to be accessed or read by. the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do 
so under securities taws of Hong Kong) other than With respect to any interests or securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 'professional 
investors- within the definition of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
For persons in Israel. This Presentation has not been approved by the Israel Securities Authority arid will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a manner that will not constitute 'an offer to the 
public' under sections 15 and 15a of the Israel Securities Law. 572s-1968 ("the Securities Law-tor section 25 of the Joint Investment Trusts Law. 5756-1994 (-the joint Investment Trusts Law"). as 
applicable. The products described in this Presentation (the 'Products') are being offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during any green 12 month period) and/or those 
categories of investors listed in the First Addendum (*the Addendum') to the Securities Law, ("Sophisticated Investors") namely joint investment funds or mutual trust hinds. provident kinds, insurance 
companies, banking corporations (purchasing Prat rcts For themselves or for clients who are Sophistieated Investors). portfolio managers (purchasing Products for themselves or for clients who are 
Sophisticated Investors), investment advisors or investment marketers (purchasing Products for themselves). members of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange (purchasing Products for themselves or for 
clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters (purchasthg Products for themselves). venture capital tends engaging mainly in the capital market, an entity wthich is wholly owned by 
Sophisticated Investors, corporations. (other than fanned for the specific purpose of an acquisition pursuant to an offer). with a shareholders equity in excess of NIS 50 million. and individuals in 
respect of whom the terms of item 0 in the Schedule to the Investment Advice Law hold true investing for their own account. in respect of which at least one of the following applies: the total value of 
their cash, deposits, financial assets (as defined in the Investment Adviee Lowland securities traded on a stock exchange licensed under the Securities Law (together, "Liquid .Assets') exceeds NIS 8 
million (approximately £1.3 million), their level of income over each of the preceding two years exceeds MS 1.2 million (approximately 1.200,000). or the level of income of their -family unit exceeds 
NIS 1 8 million (approximately E300,000); or the aggregate Value of all their LYjuid Assets exceeds NIS 5 mil on (approximately £830,000) and their level of income over each of the preceding two 
years exceeds NIS 600,000 (approximately £1)X.000). or the level of income ot their "fangly unit' exceeds NIS 000,000 (approximately £150.000), each as defined in the said Addendum. as amended 
from time to time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation that they qualify as S0phuticated investors. and that they are aware of the consequences of such designation and agree 
thereto: in all cases under circumstances that will fall within the private placement or ether exemptions of the Joint Investment Trusts Law, the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines. 
pronouncements or rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This Presentation may nol be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor be furnished to any other person other than those to whom copies have been sent Any &three who purchases a Product 
is purchasing such Product for its own benefit and account and not with the aan of intention of distributino or offering such Product to other parties (other than, in the case of an offeree which is a 
Sophisticated Investor by virtue ofd being a banking corporation. portfolio manager or member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange. as defined in the Addendum, where such offeree is purchasing Product 
for another party which is a Sophists:Med investor). Nothing in this Presentation should be consWered investment advice or investment marketing as defined in the Regulation of investment 
Counselling, Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law. 5755-194. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a locally licensed investment counsel prior to making the investment. As a prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this 
Presentation a recipient shall be required by the Fund to provide confirmation that it is a Sophisticated Investor purchasing Producis for its own account or where applicable. for other Sophisticated 
Investors 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the interests in the Fund offered hereby, nor does it constitute an otter to sell to or 
solicitation of an offer to buy from any person or persons in any state or other Jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation wouldbe unlawful, or in which the person making such offer or solicilsnie • r 
not qualified to do so, or to a persen or persons to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039066 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185250 
EFTA01354472

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354473.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (4/6) 
For. persons in Japan. The information in whiten to any interest and( or investment has not been and will not be registered pursuant to Raids 4. Paragraph 1 of the Financial instruments and 
Exchange Law of japan (Law no. 25 of 194$. as amended) (the 'FIEL'a and. accordingly. any interest and/or invesrment in them may not be offered or sold. directly or indirectly, in Japan cc to. or for 
the benefit. at any Japanese person or to others tor re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly. in Japan or to any Japanese person except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all 
applkaanle laws. regulations and guidelines promiagated by the relevant Japanese governmental aria regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant tine. Foi this purpose. 'Japanese n*rson" 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity orgenzed tinder the laws of Japan. 
In Japan. this material is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) Limited ("CSJL'), a registered Financial Instruments Firm (Director-General of (Cante Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No 66) 
CSJL is a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, japan investment Advisers Association and Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
For persons in Malaysia. This document is provided on a confidential basis and made upon your request Tnrs document does not constitute. and should not be construed as constituting, an offer or 
invilatbn to subscribe for or purchase any securities as defined in the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007) in Malaysia or interests (as defined in the Contranie,s Act 1rarti to the public in 
Malaysia. The dispatch of this document does not make available any securities for subscription or purchase in Malaysia. This document has been issued outside of Malaysia and no issue, offer or 
invitation under this document has any effect in Malaysia. 
For persons in Mexico: This marketing material is distributed in the United Mexican States ("Mexico') by a Foreign Fmancial institaaion (Institution Financiera del Exterior, not subset to the 
supervision of the National Banking and Secunties Commission tComisian Nacional litancana y de Valorest (the' eNliart The securities mentioned herein are not registered in the National Securities 
Registry (Rogistro Nacional de Valoresj (the 'Rita') or in the International Quotation System (Sterna Internackanal de Cofizac
es) (the ;SIC") of the Mexican Stock &change (Boise Mexicana de 
laalores), therefore such securities, its Issuance. offering, distribution and listing are not subject la the supervision of the CNBV or the provisions of Mexican law The securities shall not be sub*I to 
public offering, listing or brokerage in Mexico unless registered in the RN)/ or the SIC pursuant to the applicable legal provisions. 
For persons in Monaco: This product may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank or a duly authorized Monegasque intermediary acting as 
a professional institutional investor variaah has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the risks arid merits of an awestment in the Fund 
Consequently, this document may only be communicated to banks duly licensed by the ',laterite de Contriale Prudentier and fully licensed portfolio management companies by virtue of Law n" 1.144 
of Jula 26, 1991 and Lava 1.2.33 of September 7, 2007. duly licensed by the "Conmassion de Controle des Aativites Finanateres. Such regu€ated intermediaries may in turn cornaniniaate this document 
to potential investors. 
For persons in New Zealand. This information has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted recipients in New Zealand who qualify as an Investment business" or "government agency' 
...ratan the meaning of clause 37(1) and clause 40 of Schedule I of the New Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. 
For persons in the Sultanate of Oman. The informatkin contained in this Presentation nether constitutes a public otter of securities in the :Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4174) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80;913i. nor does it constitute an offer to sell. or the solicitation of any offer to buy Non-Omani 
securities in the Sultanare of Oman as contemplated by Article 1M) of the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market Law (issued by Decision No.1(2009). 
Additionally, this Presentation is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039067 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185251 
EFTA01354473

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354474.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (5/6) 
For persons in Qatar. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an independent inveetiaation of the risks 
an 
investment in such interests The promotional dociimentation does not constitute en otter to the public and is for the use re* of he named addressee and should not be eiven or shown to any other 
parson (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the addressees consideration thereof). The Fund has not been and will not be registered with the Qatar Central Bank or under 
any laws of the Slate ot Qatar. No transaction will be concluded in your jurisdiction and any inque es regarding the interests in the Eund should be made to Glenitower 
For persona in Saudi Arabia. This Presentation may may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arable eecepr to such persons as are permitted under the Offers of Securities Regulations 
issued by the Capital Market Authority (the "CMA"). 
The CMA does riot make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of Ihis Document. and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from. or incurred in reliance 
upon, any part of this Presentation. Prospective purchasers of the interests offered hereby should conduct their own due (agents on the accuracy of the information relating to the interests. IF you do 
not understand the contents of this Presentation you should consult an authorized francial adviser. 
For persons in Singapore. This Presentation is not a prospectus as defined in the Securities and Futures Act Chapter 280 of Singapore eiSFA') and has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SEA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply, and this Presentation should not be construed in any way as a 
solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any interest or investment referred to in this Presentation . You should consider zarettilly vaiether the investment is sortable for you. The product named in ths 
Presentation is not authorized or recognized by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS) and none of its interests I shares units shall be allowed to be offered to retail pubfic in Singapore. 
This Presentation nay be distributed only (")to persons who are Institutional investors' under section 304 of the SEA 
For persons in South Korea. This Presentation is being provided to you for general discussion purposes only to gauge the level of interest in the relevant products. The delivery of ties Presentation 
to you should not be construed in any way as soliciting investment or offering to sell any interests described in this Presentation. Rather, before the sales of any fund product. the fund will first be 
registered with the Financial Serves Commission in Korea and a locally licensed entity will be engaged. 
For persons in Switzerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee wee regard to the content and completeness of the infomation and does not accept any lability for lones that might arise from 
making use of the information. If nothing is indicated to the contrary. all tones are unaudited The information provided herein is fur the exclusive use of the recipient. Private equity is private equity 
capital investment in companies that are not traded publicly 0.e.. are not listed on a stock exchange) Private equity investments are generally illiquid and are seen as a long-term investment Private 
equity investments, includino the investment oppolunity described herein, may incerde the following additional risks'. (i) loss of all or a substantial poftn of the investor's investment, (ii} investment 
itrarraciers may have Incentives to make investments that are riskier or more speculabve due to performance-based compensation, (iii) lack of liquidity as there may be no secondary market. (iv) 
volatility of returns, iv) restrictions on transfer. (vi) potential lack of drversificaton, (vii) high tees and expenses. (veil little or no requirement to provide periodic pricing and (ix) complex tax structures 
and delays in distributing lin
itsrit tax inlorrnalion to investors.
The representative ot the Fund in. Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA. 6 Cours de Rive, CH-1204 Geneva (the *Representative"). The offering documents, articles of association and audited 
financial statements can be obtained free of cnarge from the Representative The piace of performance for interests of the Fund offered or distributed in or from Switzerland is the registered office of 
the Representative. The courts ot the ciedon of Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute related to the distribution of 
interests of the Fund in and from Swilzedand shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in StviCerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de rile. CH-1207 Geneva. Switzerland (the Paying Agent'l. Interests may be subscribed andror redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission wil€ be charged by the Paying Agent It a subecretition or redemption is made through the Paying Agent. instructions and money mist be received by the paying agent at 
least 24 hours before the appropnate dealing cut-offlime. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039068 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185252 
EFTA01354474

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354475.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354475.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (6/6) 
For persons in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St nits and firrvis. This Presentation has not been reviewed by the Securities COMMis-siuil 01 me 
Financial Services Regiiistory Commission in St Kitts and Nevis. No regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the :writs of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any regulatory authority in St Kitts and Nevis. Each investor shouii consult his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for 
advice on the various legal. tas or economic matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund 'There is risk involved in investing, with the ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire 
investrrirunt 
For persons in UAErAbu Dhabi/Dubai. This Presentation. and the information contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute. a public offer of securities in the United Arab 
Emirates and accordingly should not be construed as such. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of sophisticated investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment in such interests and (b) upon their specific request The interests in the Fund have net been approved by or licensed or 
registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Securities and Commodities Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE The Presentation is for the use of the 
named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other person (other than employees. agents, or consultants rn connection with the addressee's consideiation thereof' No transaction 
will be concluded in the UAE and any enquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower.
For persons in the United States of America. In making an Investment decision prospective must rely on their own exanintilion of the issuer and the terms of the offering. including the met and 
risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state sec inties commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of this Presentation Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state or other securities laws or the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated The 
interests will be offered and sold in the United States only to qualifying recipients of the Fund's private placement memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Section 4(.2) and Regulation 0 thereof and any applicable regulattons promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws of the states and other 
junsdict ions where the offering wilt be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only and are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be trans-retied or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities lots, pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. Limited Partners 
should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an investment company under 
the investment Company Act Consequently. Investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. There will be no public_ market for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part ••of any person to register the Interests under the Securities Act. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'F•R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039069 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185253 
EFTA01354475

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354476.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354476.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
(together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for the fund associated with this presentation material. 
Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, 
completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN 
INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, 
INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD ALSO CONSIDER MAKING SUCH 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation material does not guarantee or predict future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. 
governmental agency, are not obligations of or guaranteed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., or any of their affiliates, 
and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Further, the securities described in this presentation have not been 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund described in this presentation material or its affiliates through arrangements that may or 
may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities, such as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our employees, including 
those of our investment representatives who may offer fund interests to clients, may now or in the future own interests in the fund described in this presentation 
material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. Notwithstanding any other express or implied agreement, arrangement or understanding to the 
contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your employees, representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, to 
disclose to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential transaction, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) 
that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is effective 
without limitation of any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027210 042718 
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Manage:lir:,
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039070 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185254 
EFTA01354476

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354477.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Letter of Authorization for Fund Investment 
Dear Client: 
In connection with your subscription for an interest in the alternative investment fund 
listed below (the "Fund") that is managed by iCapital Advisors, LLC (the "Manager") and offered 
by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. ("Deutsche Bank") as placement agent, Deutsche Bank will be 
required to provide the Manager, the Fund or their affiliates, or the Fund's administrator 
(collectively referred to herein as "iCapital Parties") with certain information about you, as 
follows: 
1. If you are a natural person: 
• 
Your name, residential address, and social security or other tax identification 
number; 
• 
Evidence regarding date of birth and confirmation of middle initial of name; 
• 
Copies of identification documents such as your passport or driver's license; 
• 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial condition as 
required by applicable law. 
2. If you are a corporate structure or trust: 
• 
Incorporation documentation / formation documentation (for example, 
certificate of incorporation, memorandum & articles, trust deed (including 
incorporation documentation for any corporate entities or trusts who are 
beneficial owners of the undersigned); 
• 
ID documentation for individuals who are beneficial owners (>25%); 
• 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial condition as 
required by applicable law. 
This information is referred to herein as the "Information". Accordingly, Deutsche Bank 
requests your consent to share your Information with the iCapital Parties and to receive from 
the iCapital Parties information pertaining to your Fund investment. 
Deutsche Bank regards protecting your personal information as one of our fundamental 
responsibilities. 
*** PLEASE TURN THE TO NEXT PAGE *** 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039071 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185255 
EFTA01354477

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354478.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354478.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
*** PLEASE CHECK THE FOLLOWING BOXES AND SIGN BELOW *** 
Name of Fund:  
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
K 
The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to provide the undersigned's 
Information to the iCapital Parties in order to assist the iCapital Parties to verify the 
undersigned's identity or obtain other "know your customer" information in connection with 
the undersigned's investment in the Fund. 
K 
The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to transfer funds from the 
undersigned's Deutsche Bank account referenced below (the "Client Account") in order to fund 
any required capital contribution by the undersigned to the Fund. 
K 
In addition, the undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to receive from the 
iCapital Parties any information relating to the undersigned's Fund investment, including but 
not limited to all correspondence, statements of account and valuations, at the electronic 
and/or physical address directed by Deutsche Bank. 
K 
The undersigned acknowledges that (1) Fund interests will not be held at 
Deutsche Bank; (2) estimated values of the Fund provided by the iCapital Parties to Deutsche 
Bank and reported on Client Account statements provided by Deutsche Bank will be for 
informational purposes only and may not reflect current Fund values or recent activity; and (3) 
statements of account for the Fund will be sent directly to the undersigned by the iCapital 
Parties, and not by Deutsche Bank. 
The undersigned's authorization shall be valid until revoked in writing. 
Client Authorization: 
(If you are signing on behalf of your organization, please ensure you are an authorized 
signatory) 
Name: 
Signature: 
Title (if applicable):  
Date: 
Deutsche Bank Representative Name / Number (if applicable): 
Subscription Amount: $ 
Confidenbal 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039072 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185256 
EFTA01354478

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354479.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Placement Fee: $ 
Initial Capital Contribution Amount: $ 
Deutsche Bank Account Number: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039073 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185257 
EFTA01354479

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354480.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354480.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
(For Investors referred by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.) 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
April 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement') may only be distributed in conjunction with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the 'Memorandum') relating to the offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests') in Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (US), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and the Memorandum. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039074 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185258 
EFTA01354480

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354481.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354481.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the -Supplement') is intended to modify and update the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary• Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund') with respect to Investors referred or introduced to the Access Fund by Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. acting through its Wealth Management division ("DBSI"). The Access Fund is expected to 
invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with any parallel thirds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the 
extent that any statement or information contained in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this 
Supplement, such statement or information is hereby amended by this Supplement. The Memorandum 
remains in effect except to the extent supplemented or modified herein, and nothing herein modifies or 
changes or should be deemed to modify or change in any way the information contained in the section 
entitled "Important Disclosures" in the Memorandum. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum. All references in the Memorandum to "this 
Memorandum" shall refer to the Memorandum as supplemented hereby. This Supplement has been 
furnished on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or used for any other purposes. Each person 
accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to return it to the General Partner promptly at the request of the 
General Partner or if such person determines not to invest in the Access Fund, including indirectly through 
Glendower Access Secondary• Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the "Feeder Fund" and together with 
the Access Fund, the "Access Funds'). Notwithstanding anything contained herein (and in the 
Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, and any other related documents) to the contrary, each 
Investor (and each employee, representative, or other agent of each such Investor) may disclose to their 
advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service or other U.S. taxing authority. without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of 
the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that arc provided to 
Investors relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, provided, however, that no Investor (and no 
employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other information that is not relevant to 
understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction (including the identity of the party and 
any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or any other information to 
the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in a violation of any U.S. federal or state securities 
law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide information regarding 
DBSI's appointment as Placement Agent and the compensation and fees related thereto. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039075 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185259 
EFTA01354481

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354482.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354482.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Chances to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The information contained in the Memorandum under the heading "Summary of Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund" is hereby amended by adding the following information to the last page: 
Servicing Fee: 
The General Partner, the Investment Manager and the Access Funds have entered into a placement 
agreement with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the -DRS! Placement Agreement"), pursuant to which 
DBSI or one or more of its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank") will act as a Placement Agent and refer and/or 
introduce certain of its clients to the Access Funds (each such client that subscribes to the Access Fund, a 
"DB Introduced Person"). The Investment Manager will, in exchange for Deutsche Bank performing 
certain servicing functions, pay to Deutsche Bank in respect of each DB Introduced Person that is not in 
default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement (including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced Person, a fee (the "Servicing Fee"). 
The Servicing Fee will be payable quarterly in advance and will be calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
during the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
(ii.) 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
(iii.) 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of any 
Management Fccs collected by the Access Fund or the Investment Manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable 
sham of Invested Capital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039076 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185260 
EFTA01354482

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354483.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354483.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
DB Placement Fee: 
Each DB Introduced Person will directly pay Deutsche Bank a Placement Fee (the "DB Placement Fee") 
in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, any such DB Placement Fee paid by a 
DB Introduced Person to Deutsche Bank will not be considered a capital contribution to the Access Fund. 
All expenses (including marketing costs) of Deutsche Bank shall be borne by Deutsche Bank. Deutsche 
Bank in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all or any portion of the DB Placement Fee payable 
by any particular DB Introduced Person. 
The DB Placement Fee rates applicable at each level of investment are as follows: ** 
Subscription in US$ 
Placement 
Fee Rate 
from $5,000,000 or 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
$4,999,999 
less than $3,000,000 
1.00% 
1.50% 
2.00% 
** The DB Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart from the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the relevant DB Introduced 
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund (e.g., a DB Introduced Person with an aggregate Subscription of 
$1 million will pay to Deutsche Bank a DB Placement Fee equal to $20,000). 
Direct Investor Placement Fees: 
Pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between Deutsche Bank and one or more of the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, LLC, Deutsche Bank will also act as placement 
agent for the Underlying Fund and will refer and/or introduce certain of its clients to the Underlying Fund. 
In consideration for such services, the Glendower GP or an affiliate shall pay Deutsche Bank a placement 
fee equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person. 
In addition, certain clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the Underlying Fund. Deutsche Bank 
will be paid a fee in respect of each such direct investor based on such direct investor's aggregate 
commitment to the Underlying Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the additional layer of fees and 
expenses to which DB Introduced Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients investing directly in the 
Underlying Fund will be subject to the eligibility, suitability and minimum capital commitment 
requirements as determined by the Glendower GP. 
Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest Applicable to DB Introduced Persons 
In addition to the risk factors and conflicts of interest contained in the Memorandum under the heading 
"Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest," the following risk factors and conflicts of interest 
apply to each DB Introduced Person. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039077 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185261 
EFTA01354483

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354484.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354484.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Deutsche Bank will serve as one of the Placement Agents to the Access Funds. Deutsche Bank may charge 
a DB Introduced Person the DB Placement Fee in respect of each Subscription made by such DB Introduced 
Person. The DB Placement Fee may differ from placement fees charged to Investors introduced to the 
Access Funds by other Placement Agents as well as from those charged to other DB Introduced Persons. 
The DB Placement Fee may be waived or reduced by Deutsche Bank in respect of any particular DB 
Introduced Person without thereby entitling any other DB Introduced Person to a similar waiver or 
reduction. In addition, the Investment Manager will, in exchange for certain servicing functions rendered 
by Deutsche Bank, pay the Servicing Fee to Deutsche Bank in respect of each DB Introduced Person that is not 
in default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement (including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced Person, as follows: (i) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be 
equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund, multiplied by (a) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is less 
than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; (b) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and (c) if the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per 
annum; (ii) after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second anniversary of 
the termination of the -investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB 
Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable sham 
(based upon Subscriptions) of the Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by (a) if the aggregate Subscription 
of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; (b) if the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 
million, 0.36% per annum; and (c) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and (iii) thereafter until the last day of the term of 
the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) 
the amount of any Management Fees collected by the Access Fund or the Investment Manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share of Invested 
Capital. Finally, Deutsche Bank will also receive from the Glendower GP or an affiliate a placement fee 
equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund 
attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person in respect of portion of the Access Fund's 
aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB 
Introduced Person. Deutsche Bank may or may not receive payment of similar fees (which may be lower 
or greater than fees received in connection with the placement of Interests in the Access Fund) with respect 
to the placement of interests in certain other funds established, sponsored or distributed by the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager, the Glendower GP or their respective affiliates, as well as others. 
Accordingly, the potential for Deutsche Bank to receive such fees in connection with the Access Funds 
may create an incentive for Deutsche Bank to recommend and market an investment into the Access Funds 
and presents a potential conflict of interest in recommending a direct or indirect investment in the Access 
Funds as compared to investments in other funds where Deutsche Bank may not receive such fees or may 
receive lower fees. Conversely, the prospect of receiving, or the receipt of, the fees described above, which 
may be less or different than fees associated with interests or shares of other funds or investment products 
offered by Deutsche Bank may provide Deutsche Bank and its sales persons with an incentive to favor sales 
of interests or shams of other funds or investment products over sales of Interests. In addition, certain 
clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the Underlying Fund. Deutsche Bank will be paid a fee in 
respect of each such direct investor based on such direct investor's aggregate commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the additional layer of fees and expenses to which DB Introduced 
Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients in esting directly in the Underlying Fund will be subject to the 
eligibility, suitability and minimum capital commitment requirements as determined by the Glendower GP. 
Prospective investors should take such fees, and the related potential conflicts of interest, into account when 
considering and evaluating any recommendations related to a direct or indirect investment in the Underlying 
Fund. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039078 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185282 
EFTA01354484

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354485.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354485.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Changes to Certain Regulatory Matters 
The section of the Memorandum under the heading "Certain Regulatory Matters" is hereby amended by 
adding the following immediately after the second paragraph in the risk factor titled "Mandated Disclosure 
ofCertnin Events": 
On August 26,2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental and regulatory investigations 
into research and analysts practices, DBSI reached a settlement agreement with the SEC, the National 
Association of Securities Dealers, the New York Stock Exchange and the New York Attorney General, and 
with other state regulators arising from an investigation of research analyst independence. Under the terms 
of the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million. 
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the SEC, the New Jersey Department of Securities and 
New York Attorney General in connection with various claims under the federal securities laws and state 
common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and auction rate securities (together, 
"ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI was required to, among other things, offer to buy back 
ARS purchased by certain customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers who took out loans secured 
by ARS and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. In connection with the 
settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders against DBSI. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039079 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165263 
EFTA01354485

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354486.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354486.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
page 2 
By signing the filled-out form, you: 
1. Certify that the TIN you are giving is correct (or you are waiting for a 
number to be issued), 
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding, or 
3. Claim exemption from backup withholding if you are a U.S. exempt 
payee. If applicable, you are also certifying that as a U.S. person, your 
allocable share of any partnership income from a U.S. trade or business 
is not subject to the withholding tax on foreign partners' share of 
effectively connected Income, and 
4. Certify that FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating 
that you are exempt from the FATCA reporting, is correct. See What is 
FATCA reporting, later, for further Information. 
Note: If you are a U.S. person and a requester gives you a form other 
than Form W-9 to request your TIN, you must use the requester's form if 
it is substantially similar to this Form W-9. 
Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax purposes, you are 
considered a U.S. person if you are: 
• An individual who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident alien; 
• A partnership, corporation, company, or association created or 
organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States; 
• An estate (other than a foreign estate); or 
• A domestic trust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701-7). 
Special rules for partnerships. Partnerships that conduct a trade or 
business in the United States are generally required to pay a withholding 
tax under section 1446 on any foreign partners' share of effectively 
connected taxable income from such business. Further, in certain cases 
where a Form W-9 has not been received, the rules under section 1446 
require a partnership to presume that a partner is a foreign person, and 
pay the section 1446 withholding tax. Therefore, if you are a U.S. person 
that is a partner in a partnership conducting a trade or business in the 
United States, provide Form W-9 to the partnership to establish your 
U.S. status and avoid section 1446 withholding on your share of 
partnership income. 
In the cases below, the following person must give Form W-9 to the 
partnership for purposes of establishing its U.S. status and avoiding 
withholding on its allocable share of net income from the partnership 
conducting a trade or business in the United States. 
• In the case of a disregarded entity with a U.S. owner, the U.S. owner 
of the disregarded entity and not the entity; 
• In the case of a grantor trust with a U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner. 
generally, the U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner of the grantor trust and 
not the trust; and 
• In the case of a U.S. trust (other than a grantor trust). the U.S. trust 
(other than a grantor trust) and not the beneficiaries of the trust. 
Foreign person. If you are a foreign person or the U.S. branch of a 
foreign bank that has elected to be treated as a U.S. person, do not use 
Form W-9. Instead. use the appropriate Form W-8 or Form 8233 (see 
Pub. 515, Withholding of Tax on Nonresident Aliens and Foreign 
Entities). 
Nonresident alien who becomes a resident alien. Generally, only a 
nonresident alien individual may use the terms of a tax treaty to reduce 
or eliminate U.S. tax on certain types of income. However, most tax 
treaties contain a provision known as a "saving clause." Exceptions 
specified in the saving clause may permit an exemption from tax to 
continue for certain types of income even after the payee has otherwise 
become a U.S. resident alien for tax purposes. 
If you are a U.S. resident alien who is relying on an exception 
contained in the saving clause of a tax treaty to claim an exemption 
from U.S. tax on certain types of income, you must attach a statement 
to Form W-9 that specifies the following five items. 
1. The treaty country. Generally, this must be the same treaty under 
which you claimed exemption from tax as a nonresident alien. 
2. The treaty article addressing the income. 
3. The article number (or location) in the tax treaty that contains the 
saving clause and its exceptions. 
4. The type and amount of income that qualifies for the exemption 
from tax. 
5. Sufficient facts to justify the exemption from tax under the terms of 
the treaty article. 
Example. Article 20 of the U.S.-China income tax treaty allows an 
exemption from tax for scholarship income received by a Chinese 
student temporarily present in the United States. Under U.S. law, this 
student will become a resident alien for tax purposes if his or her stay in 
the United States exceeds 5 calendar years. However, paragraph 2 of 
the first Protocol to the U.S.-China treaty (dated April 30, 1984) allows 
the provisions of Article 20 to continue to apply even after the Chinese 
student becomes a resident alien of the United States. A Chinese 
student who qualifies for this exception (under paragraph 2 of the first 
protocol) and is relying on this exception to claim an exemption from tax 
on his or her scholarship or fellowship income would attach to Form 
W-9 a statement that includes the information described above to 
support that exemption. 
If you are a nonresident alien or a foreign entity, give the requester the 
appropriate completed Form W-8 or Form 8233. 
Backup Withholding 
What is backup withholding? Persons making certain payments to you 
must under certain conditions withhold and pay to the IRS 28% of such 
payments. This is called "backup withholding." Payments that may be 
subject to backup withholding include interest, tax-exempt interest, 
dividends, broker and barter exchange transactions, rents, royalties, 
nonemployee pay, payments made in settlement of payment card and 
third party network transactions, and certain payments from fishing boat 
operators. Real estate transactions are not subject to backup 
withholding. 
You will not be subject to backup withholding on payments you 
receive if you give the requester your correct TIN, make the proper 
certifications, and report all your taxable interest and dividends on your 
tax retum. 
Payments you receive will be subject to backup withholding if: 
1. You do not furnish your TIN to the requester, 
2. You do not certify your TIN when required (see the instructions for 
Part II for details), 
3. The IRS tells the requester that you furnished an incorrect TIN, 
4. The IRS tells you that you are subject to backup withholding 
because you did not report all your interest and dividends on your tax 
return (for reportable interest and dividends only), or 
5. You do not certify to the requester that you are not subject to 
backup withholding under 4 above (for reportable interest and dividend 
accounts opened after 1983 only). 
Certain payees and payments are exempt from backup withholding. 
See Exempt payee code, later, and the separate Instructions for the 
Requester of Form W-9 for more information. 
Also see Special rules for partnerships, earlier. 
What is FATCA Reporting? 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) requires a 
participating foreign financial institution to report all United States 
account holders that are specified United States persons. Certain 
payees are exempt from FATCA reporting. See Exemption from FATCA 
reporting code, later, and the Instructions for the Requester of Form 
W-9 for more information. 
Updating Your Information 
You must provide updated information to any person to whom you 
claimed to be an exempt payee if you are no longer an exempt payee 
and anticipate receiving reportable payments in the future from this 
person. For example. you may need to provide updated information if 
you are a C corporation that elects to be an S corporation, or if you no 
longer are tax exempt. In addition, you must furnish a new Form W-9 if 
the name or TIN changes for the account; for example, if the grantor of a 
grantor trust dies. 
Penalties 
Failure to furnish TIN. If you fail to furnish your correct TIN to a 
requester, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure 
unless your failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect. 
Civil penalty for false information with respect to withholding. II you 
make a false statement with no reasonable basis that results in no 
backup withholding, you are subject to a 3500 penalty. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185265 
DB-SDNY-0039081 
EFTA01354486

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354487.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Criminal penalty for falsifying information. Willfully falsifying 
certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties 
including fines and/or imprisonment. 
Misuse of TINs. If the requester discloses or uses TINs in violation of 
federal law, the requester may be subject to civil and criminal penalties. 
Specific Instructions 
Line 1 
You must enter one of the following on this line; do not leave this line 
blank. The name should match the name on your tax retum. 
If this Form W-9 is for a joint account (other than an account 
maintained by a foreign financial institution (FFI)), list first, and then 
circle, the name of the person or entity whose number you entered in 
Part I of Form W-9. If you are providing Form W-9 to an FFI to document 
a joint account, each holder of the account that is a U.S. person must 
provide a Form W-9. 
a. Individual. Generally, enter the name shown on your tax return. If 
you have changed your last name without informing the Social Security 
Administration (SSA) of the name change, enter your first name, the last 
name as shown on your social security card, and your new last name. 
Note: MN applicant: Enter your individual name as it was entered on 
your Form W-7 application, line la. This should also be the same as the 
name you entered on the Form 1040/1040A/1040EZ you filed with your 
application. 
b. Sole proprietor or single-member LLC. Enter your individual 
name as shown on your 1040/1040A/1040EZ on line 1. You may enter 
your business, trade, or "doing business as" (DBA) name on line 2. 
c. Partnership, LLC that is not a single-member LLC, C 
corporation, or S corporation. Enter the entity's name as shown on the 
entity's tax return on line 1 and any business, trade, or DBA name on 
tine 2. 
d. Other entitles. Enter your name as shown on required U.S. federal 
tax documents on line 1. This name should match the name shown on the 
charter or other legal document creating the entity. You may enter any 
business, trade, or DBA name on line 2. 
e. Disregarded entity. For U.S. federal tax purposes, an entity that is 
disregarded as an entity separate from its owner is treated as a 
"disregarded entity." See Regulations section 301.7701.2(c)(2)(ii). Enter 
the owner's name on line 1. The name of the entity entered on line 1 
should never be a disregarded entity. The name on line 1 should be the 
name shown on the income tax retum on which the Income should be 
reported. For example, if a foreign 11C that Is treated as a disregarded 
entity for U.S. federal tax purposes has a single owner that is a U.S. 
person, the U.S. owners name is required to be provided on line 1. II 
the direct owner of the entity is also a disregarded entity. enter the first 
owner that is not disregarded for federal tax purposes. Enter the 
disregarded entity's name on line 2. "Business name/disregarded entity 
name." If the owner of the disregarded entity is a foreign person, the 
owner must complete an appropriate Form W-8 instead of a Form W-9. 
This is the case even if the foreign person has a U.S. TIN. 
Line 2 
If you have a business name, trade name, DBA name, or disregarded 
entity name. you may enter it on line 2. 
Line 3 
Check the appropriate box on line 3 for the U.S. federal tax 
classification of the person whose name is entered on line 1. Check only 
one box on line 3. 
IF the entity/person on line 1 is 
a(n) ... 
THEN check the box for. . . 
• Corporation 
Corporation 
• Individual 
• Sole proprietorship, or 
• Single-member limited liability 
company (LLC) owned by an 
individual and disregarded for U.S. 
federal tax purposes. 
Individual/sole proprietor or single-
member 11C 
• LLC treated as a partnership for 
U.S. federal tax purposes, 
• LLC that has filed Form 8832 or 
2553 to be taxed as a corporation, 
or 
• LLC that is disregarded as an 
entity separate from its owner but 
the owner is another LLC that is 
not disregarded for U.S. federal tax 
purposes. 
Limited liability company and enter 
the appropriate tax classification. 
(P• Partnership; Ce C corporation: 
or S• S corporation) 
• Partnership 
Partnership 
• Trust/estate 
TrusVestate 
Line 4, Exemptions 
If you are exempt from backup withholding and/or FATCA reporting, 
enter in the appropriate space on line 4 any code(s) that may apply to 
Wu-
Exempt payee code. 
• Generally, individuals (including sole proprietors) are not exempt from 
backup withholding. 
• Except as provided below, corporations are exempt from backup 
withholding for certain payments, including interest and dividends. 
• Corporations are not exempt from backup withholding for payments 
made in settlement of payment card or third party network transactions. 
• Corporations are not exempt from backup withholding with respect to 
attorneys' fees or gross proceeds paid to attorneys, and corporations 
that provide medical or health care services are not exempt with respect 
to payments reportable on Form 1099-MISC. 
The following codes identify payees that are exempt from backup 
withholding. Enter the appropriate code in the space in line 4. 
1—An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a). any IRA. or 
a custodial account under section 403(1)(7) if the account satisfies the 
requirements of section 401(0(2) 
2—The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities 
3—A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession, or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities 
4—A foreign government or any of its political subdivisions, agencies. 
or instrumentalities 
5—A corporation 
6—A dealer in securities or commodities required to register in the 
United States, the District of Columbia, or a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession 
7—A futures commission merchant registered with the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission 
8—A real estate investment trust 
9—An entity registered at all times during the tax year under the 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
10—A common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a) 
11—A financial institution 
12—A middleman known in the investment community as a nominee or 
custodian 
13—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section 
4947 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039082 
SDNY GM_00185288 
EFTA01354487

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354488.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 4 
The following chart shows types of payments that may be exempt 
from backup withholding. The chart applies to the exempt payees listed 
above, 1 through 13. 
IF the payment is for ... 
THEN the payment is exempt 
for... 
Interest and dividend payments 
All exempt payees except 
for 7 
Broker transactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 and 6 
through 11 and all C corporations. 
S corporations must not enter an 
exempt payee code because they 
are exempt only for sales of 
noncovered securities acquired 
prior to 2012. 
Barter exchange transactions and 
patronage dividends 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 
Payments over $600 required to be 
reported and direct sales over 
55,000" 
Generally, exempt payees 
through 5' 
Payments made in settlement of 
payment card or third party network 
Uansactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 
I See Form 1099-MISC, Miscellaneous Income, and its instructions. 
However, the following payments made to a corporation and 
reportable on Form 1099-MISC are not exempt from backup 
withholding: medical and health care payments, attorneys' fees, gross 
proceeds paid to an attorney reportable under section 604501 and 
payments for services paid by a federal executive agency. 
Exemption from FATCA reporting code. The following codes identify 
payees that are exempt from reporting under FATCA. These codes 
apply to persons submitting this form for accounts maintained outside 
of the United States by certain foreign financial institutions. Therefore, if 
you are only submitting this form for an account you hold in the United 
States, you may leave this field blank. Consult with the person 
requesting this form if you are uncertain if the financial institution is 
subject to these requirements. A requester may indicate that a code is 
not required by providing you with a Form W-9 with "Not Applicable" (or 
any similar indication) written or printed on the line for a FATCA 
exemption code. 
A—An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a) or any 
individual retirement plan as defined in section 7701(aX37) 
B—The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities 
C —A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession, or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities 
D —A corporation the stock of which is regularly traded on one or 
more established securities markets, as described in Regulations 
section 1.1472-1(cX1)(1) 
E—A corporation that is a member of the same expanded affiliated 
group as a corporation described in Regulations section 1.1472-1(c)(1)(i) 
F —A dealer in securities, commodities, or derivative financial 
instruments (including notional principal contracts, futures, forwards, 
and options) that is registered as such under the laws of the United 
States or any state 
G—A real estate investment trust 
H —A regulated investment company as defined in section 851 or an 
entity registered at all times during the tax year under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 
I—A common trust fund as defined in section 584(a) 
J —A bank as defined in section 581 
K —A broker 
L—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section 
4947(a)(1) 
M —A tax exempt trust under a section 403(b) plan or section 457(g) 
plan 
Note: You may wish to consult with the financial institution requesting 
this form to determine whether the FATCA code and/or exempt payee 
code should be completed. 
Line 5 
Enter your address (number. street. and apartment or suite number). 
This is where the requester of this Form W-9 will mail your information 
returns. If this address differs from the one the requester already has on 
file, write NEW at the top. If a new address is provided, there is still a 
chance the old address will be used until the payor changes your 
address in their records. 
Line 6 
Enter your city, state, and ZIP code. 
Part I. Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. If you are a resident alien and 
you do not have and are not eligible to get an SSN. your TIN is your IRS 
individual taxpayer identification number (ITIN). Enter it in the social 
security number box. If you do not have an ITIN. see How to get a TIN 
below. 
If you are a sole proprietor and you have an EIN, you may enter either 
your SSN or EIN. 
If you are a single-member LLC that is disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner, enter the owner's SSN (or EIN, if the owner has 
one). Do not enter the disregarded entity's EIN. If the LLC is classified as 
a corporation or partnership, enter the entity's EIN. 
Note: See What Name and Number To Give the Requester, later, for 
further clarification of name and TIN combinations. 
How to get a TIN. If you do not have a TIN, apply for one immediately. 
To apply for an SSN, get Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security 
Card, from your local SSA office or get this form online at 
nww.SSA.gov. You may also get this form by calling 1-800-772-1213. 
Use Form W-7. Application for IRS Individual Taxpayer Identification 
Number, to apply for an ITIN, or Form SS-4, Application for Employer 
Identification Number, to apply for an EIN. You can apply for an EIN 
online by accessing the IRS website at www.irs.gov/Businesses and 
clicking on Employer Identification Number (EIN) under Starting a 
Business. Go to wvnv.irs.gov/Forms to view, download, or print Form 
W-7 and/or Form SS-4. Or. you can go to www.irs.gov/OrderForms to 
place an order and have Form W-7 and/or SS-4 mailed to you within 10 
business days. 
If you are asked to complete Form W-9 but do not have a TIN, apply 
for a TIN and write "Applied For" in the space for the TIN, sign and date 
the form, and give it to the requester. For interest and dividend 
payments, and certain payments made with respect to readily tradable 
instruments, generally you will have 60 days to get a TIN and give it to 
the requester before you are subject to backup withholding on 
payments. The 60-day rule does not apply to other types of payments. 
You will be subject to backup withholding on all such payments until 
you provide your TIN to the requester. 
Note: Entering "Applied For" means that you have already applied for a 
TIN or that you intend to apply for one soon. 
Caution: A disregarded U.S. entity that has a foreign owner must use 
the appropriate Form W-8. 
Part II. Certification 
To establish to the withholding agent that you are a U.S. person, or 
resident alien, sign Form W-9. You may be requested to sign by the 
withholding agent even if item 1, 4, or 5 below indicates otherwise. 
For a joint account, only the person whose TIN is shown in Part I 
should sign (when required). In the case of a disregarded entity, the 
person identified on line 1 must sign. Exempt payees, see Exerrpt payee 
code, earlier. 
Signature requirements. Complete the certification as indicated in 
items 1 through 5 below. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185267 
DB-SDNY-0039083 
EFTA01354488

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354489.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 5 
1. Interest, dividend, and barter exchange accounts opened 
before 1984 and broker accounts considered active during 1983. 
You must give your correct TIN, but you do not have to sign the 
certification. 
2. Interest, dividend, broker, and barter exchange accounts 
opened atter 1983 and broker accounts considered inactive during 
1983. You must sign the certification or backup withholding will apply. If 
you are subject to backup withholding and you are merely providing 
your correct TIN to the requester, you must cross out item 2 in the 
certification before signing the form. 
3. Real estate transactions. You must sign the certification. You may 
cross out item 2 of the certification. 
4. Other payments. You must give your correct TIN. but you do not 
have to sign the certification unless you have been notified that you 
have previously given an incorrect TIN. "Other payments" include 
payments made in the course of the requester's trade or business for 
rents. royalties, goods (other than bills for merchandise), medical and 
health care services (including payments to corporations), payments to 
a nonemployee for services, payments made in settlement of payment 
card and third party network transactions, payments to certain fishing 
boat crew members and fishermen, and gross proceeds pad to 
attorneys (including payments to corporations). 
5. Mortgage interest paid by you, acquisition or abandonment of 
secured property, cancellation of debt, qualified tuition program 
payments (under section 529), ABLE accounts (under section 529A), 
IRA, Coverdell ESA, Archer MSA or HSA contributions or 
distributions, and pension distributions. You must give your correct 
TIN, but you do not have to sign the certification. 
What Name and Number To Give the Requester 
For this type of account: 
Give name and SSN of: 
1. Indrodual 
2. Two or more individuals (joint 
account) other than an account 
maintained by an FF1 
3. Two or more U.S. persons 
(joint account maintained by an FFQ 
4. Custodial account of a manor 
(Uniform Gift to Minors Act) 
5. a. The usual revocable savings trust 
(grantor is also trustee) 
b. So-caned trust account that is not 
a legal or valid trust under slate law 
6. Sole proprietorship or disregarded 
entity owned by an individual 
7. Grantor trust filing under Optional 
Form 1099 Filing Method 1 (see 
Regulations section 1.671.4(bX2Ni) 
The individual 
The actual owner of the account or, if 
combined funds, the first individual on 
the account' 
Each holder of the account 
The minor' 
The grantor-trustee 
The actual owner' 
The owner 
The grantor' 
For this type of account: 
8. Disregarded entity not owned by an 
individual 
9. A valid trust. estate. or pension trust 
10. Corporation or LLC electing 
corporate status on Form 8832 or 
Form 2553 
11. Association, club, religious. 
charitable, educational, or other tax-
exempt organization 
12. Partnership or multi-member LLC 
13. A broker or reentered nominee 
Give name and MN of: 
The owner 
Legal entity 
The corporation 
The organization 
The partnership 
The broker or nominee 
For this type of account: 
Give name and EIN of: 
14. Account with the Department of 
Agriculture in the name of a pubic 
entity (such as a state or local 
government. school *Oct. or 
prison) that receives agricultural 
program payments 
15. Grantor trust filing under the Form 
1041 Fikng Method or the Optional 
Form 1099 Filing Method 2 (see 
Regulations section 1.671-408(2)()03)) 
The public entity 
The trust 
' List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish. 
If only one person on a joint accoun has an SSN. that person's number 
must be furnished. 
' Circle the minor's name and furnish the minor's SSN. 
' You must show your individual name and you may also enter your 
business or DBA name on the -Business name/disregarded entity" 
name line. You may use either your SSN or EIN (if you have one), but the 
IRS encourages you to use your SSN. 
' List first and circle the name of the trust, estate, or pension trust. Po 
not furnish the TIN of the personal representative or trustee unless the 
legal entity itself is not designated in the account title.) Also see Special 
rules for partnerships, earlier. 
'Note: The grantor also must provide a Form W-9 to trustee of trust. 
Note: If no name is circled when more than one name is listed, the 
number will be considered to be that of the first name listed. 
Secure Your Tax Records From Identity Theft 
Identity theft occurs when someone uses your personal information 
such as your name, SSN, or Other identifying information, without your 
permission, to commit fraud or other crimes. An identity thief may use 
your SSN to get a job or may file a tax retum using your SSN to receive 
a refund. 
To reduce your risk: 
• Protect your SSN, 
• Ensure your employer is protecting your SSN, and 
• Be careful when choosing a tax preparer. 
If your tax records are affected by identity theft and you receive a 
notice from the IRS. respond right away to the name and phone number 
printed on the IRS notice or letter. 
If your tax records are not currently affected by identity theft but you 
think you are at risk due to a lost or stolen purse or wallet, questionable 
credit card activity or credt report, contact the IRS Identity Theft Hotline 
at 1-800-908-4490 or submit Form 14039. 
For more information, see Pub. 5027. Identity Theft Information for 
Taxpayers. 
Victims of identity theft who are experiencing economic harm or a 
systemic problem, or are seeking help in resolving tax problems that 
have not been resolved through normal channels, may be eligible for 
Taxpayer Advocate Service (TAS) assistance. You can reach TAS by 
calling the TAS toll-free case intake line at 1-877-777-4778 or TTY/TDD 
1-800-829-4059. 
Protect yourself from suspicious smalls or phishing schemes. 
Phishing is the creation and use of email and websites designed to 
mimic legitimate business emails and websites. The most common act 
is sending an email to a user falsely claiming to be an established 
legitimate enterprise in an attempt to scam the user into surrendering 
private information that will be used for identity theft. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185288 
DB-SDNY-0039084 
EFTA01354489

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354490.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fern W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 6 
The IRS does not initiate contacts with taxpayers via emails. Also, the 
IRS does not request personal detailed information through email or ask 
taxpayers for the PIN numbers, passwords, or similar secret access 
information for their credit card, bank, or other financial accounts. 
If you receive an unsolicited email claiming to be from the IRS, 
forward this message to phishingetirs.gov. You may also report misuse 
of the IRS name, logo, or other IRS property to the Treasury Inspector 
General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) at 1.800.368.4484. You can 
forward suspicious emails to the Federal Trade Commission at 
sPameuce.gov or report them at www.ftc.gov/complaint. You can 
contact the FTC at wvny.ffc.govridtheff or 877-IDTHEFT (877-438-4338). 
If you have been the victim of identity theft, see tovw.IdentityTheft.gov 
and Pub. 5027. 
Visit www.irs.govildentilyThelt to learn more about identity theft and 
how to reduce your risk. 
Privacy Act Notice 
Section 6109 of the Internal Revenue Code requires you to provide your 
correct TIN to persons (including federal agencies) who are required to 
file information retums with the IRS to report interest, dividends, or 
certain other income paid to you; mortgage interest you paid: the 
acquisition or abandonment of secured property: the cancellation of 
debt: or contributions you made to an IRA. Archer MSA, or HSA. The 
person collecting this form uses the information on the form to file 
information returns with the IRS, reporting the above information. 
Routine uses of this information include giving it to the Department of 
Justice for civil and criminal litigation and to cities. states, the District of 
Columbia, and U.S. commonwealths and possessions for use in 
administering their laws. The Information also may be disclosed to other 
countries under a treaty, to federal and state agencies to enforce civil 
end criminal laws. or to federal law enforcement and intelligence 
agencies to combat terrorism. You must provide your TIN whether or 
not you are required to file a tax return. Under section 3406, payers 
must generally withhold a percentage of taxable interest, dividend, and 
certain other payments to a payee who does not give a TIN to the payer. 
Certain penalties may also apply for providing false or fraudulent 
information. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185289 
DB-SDNY-0039085 
EFTA01354490

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354491.pdf
----------------------------------------
GWUSi25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
ICAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC 
FORM ADV PART 2A 
Business Address 
East 42nd Street, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
USA 
Phone: (646) 214-7283 
www.icapimlnetwork.com 
March 30, 2018 
This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices of iCapital 
Advisors, LLC ("iCapital"). If you have any questions about the contents of this brochure 
("Brochure"), please contact us at (646) 214 7283. 
The information in this Brochure has not been approved or verified by the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") or by any state securities authority. Additional 
information about iCapital is also available on the SEC's website at www.adviserinfo.sec.gov.
iCapital is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC pursuant to the Investment Advisors 
Act of 1940. as amended (the "Advisers Act"). Recipients of this Brochure should be aware 
that registration with the SEC does not in any way constitute an endorsement by the SEC of an 
investment adviser's skill or expertise. Further, registration does not imply or guarantee that a 
registered adviser has achieved a certain level of skill, competency, sophistication, expertise or 
training in providing advisory services to its clients. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039086 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185270 
EFTA01354491

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354492.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354492.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Item 2: Material Changes 
This brochure amendment is made in connection with iCapital's annual updating requirement for 
2018 and serves as an update to Capital's brochure dated March 31, 2017. This brochure contains 
routine annual updates and clarifying changes to the prior brochure, an update to Item 5 relating to 
the collection of an investor servicing fee, an update to Item 8 relating to the scope of diligence 
conducted on certain Funds, and an update to Item 14 relating to iCapital's business relationship 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. In addition. in December 2017. Institutional Capital Network. 
Inc.. the parent company of iCapital. acquired the U.S. private equity access fund platform from the 
Asset Management division of Deutsche Bank. iCapital took over as the investment manager of 
these private equity access funds. 
Item 3: Table of Contents 
Item 2: Material Changes 
Item 3: Table of Contents 
Item 4: Advisory Business 
Item 5: Fees and Compensation 
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side Management 
Item 7: Types of Clients 
Item 8: Methods of Analysis. Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss 
Item 9: Disciplinary Information 
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations 
Item I I: Code of Ethics. Participation or Interest in Client Transactions and Personal Trading 
Item 12: Brokerage Practices 
Item I 3: Review of Accounts 
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other Compensation 
Item IS: Custody 
Item 16: Investment Discretion 
Item 17: Voting Client Securities 
Item IS: Financial Information 
Item 4: Advisory Business 
iCapital Advisors. LLC ("iCapital". "we", "us" or "the Firm"), is a Delaware limited liability 
company that has been in business since May. 2014. We are wholly-owned by Institutional 
Capital Network, Inc. (the "Company") and have our principal place of business in New 
York. NY. iCapital Securities. LLC ("iCapital Securities"), is a broker-dealer primarily 
engaged in the private placement of securities and is registered with the SEC and a member of 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. iCapital Securities serves as the Firm's private 
placement agent in respect of many Funds (as defined below) advised by iCapital and is also a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. For additional information on iCapital Securities, see 
Item 14 below. 
iCapital provides investment advisory services to each of iCapital Carlyle Property Investors 
Access Fund. LP.. iCapital-SV7. L.P., iCapital-SLP V Access Fund, LP.. iCapital-MSD Private 
Credit Opportunity II Access Fund. L.P.. iCapital-BTAS IV Access Fund, LP.. BTAS IV Private 
Investors (U.S.), L.P., Invesco Venture Alpha Feeder Fund, L.P., Private Equity Select Master 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039087 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185271 
EFTA01354492

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354493.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Trust I. Private Equity Global Select Master Fund. Private Equity Global Select Master Fund 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund III. Private Equity Global Select Master Fund IV, 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund V, Private Equity Global Select Fund VI (U.S.), LP.. 
Private Equity Global Select Fund VII (U.S.), LP., Private Equity Asia Select Master Fund, Private 
Equity Asia Select Master Fund II. Private Equity Asia Select Fund III (U.S.), LP.. Private Equity 
Asia Select Fund III (International), LP., Private Equity Asia Select Fund IV (U.S.), LP.. Private 
Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International). LP.. Opportunistic Real Estate and Infrastructure 
Select Fund (International) LP., Opportunistic Real Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (U.S.), 
LP.. Private Equity & Credit Opportunities Select Fund (U.S.), LP.. Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select Fund (International). LP., Energy Select Fund (U.S.). LP., Energy Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Credit Opportunities Access Fund (International), LP., Secondary 
Opportunities Fund II Private Client Feeder Fund.. KKR Credit Select Access Fund (U.S.), LP.. 
6200 Hollywood Blvd. North. Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.), Dislocation 
Opportunities Access Fund (International), Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client 
Feeder Fund (U.S.), LP., Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International). LP.. BEP Private 
Investors II GP, Ltd.. BEP Private Investors II (International). LP., BTAS 2015 Private Investors 
(U.S.), LP., BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International), LP.. KKR Credit Select Access Fund II 
(U.S.), LP., Vista Software Select Access Fund (U.S.), LP., Private Equity Global Select II SICAR, 
S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select IV SICAR, S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select V S.C.A. 
SICAR. Private Equity Asia Select III S.C.A.. SICAR, Private Equity & Credit Opportunities 
Select, iCapital-OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II Access Fund. LP.. iCapital-KW Access Fund. 
LP.. iCapital-TEP Access Fund. LP.. iCapital-TEP Non-U.S. Access Fund, iCapital-Apollo 
Structured Credit Recovery Access Fund. LP.. iCapital-2015 Vintage Access Fund, L.P.. 
iCapital-Warburg Pincus Private Equity XII Access Fund, LP., iCapital-KV Seed C Access Fund, 
LP., iCapital-SH Access Fund, LP., iCapital- HG Vora Access Fund, L.P., Royalty Investment 
Fund Limited Partnership. iCapital Private Credit Access Fund, LP., iCapital Arbitrage Fund, a 
series of iCapital Global Access Partnership II, LP., and Horizon Opportunities Fund, a series 
of iCapital Global Access Partnership II, LP. (each of the foregoing, a "Private Access 
Fund"), along with iCapital MLP Fund, LP., and International Growth Equity Fund and 
International Value Equity Fund, each a series of iCapital Global Access Partnership II, LP. 
(each a "Direct Investment Fund," each Private Access Fund or Direct Investment Fund, a 
"Fund" and collectively referred to herein as the "Funds"). iCapital provides investment 
advisory services to the Funds and may provide investment advisory services to other 
investment vehicles in the future. Investment advice is provided directly to the Funds, subject 
to the discretion and control of the applicable general partner. and not individually to the 
investors in a Fund. Each of the Funds is exempt from registration under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Funds' securities are not registered under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. iCapital's advisory services primarily include identifying 
underlying private equity or hedge fund managers with whom to invest the assets of its Private 
Access Funds or identifying sub-advisors to assist iCapital in managing the Direct Investment 
Funds. Each Fund is managed in accordance with the applicable Fund's confidential private 
placement memorandum (the "PPM"). 
The Private Access Funds managed by iCapital were formed to pool investments of investors 
for the purpose of investing each such Fund's assets with private equity or hedge funds 
("Underlying Funds") managed by third-party managers ("Underlying Managers") that 
are selected by iCapital. Each Underlying Fund has its own PPM ("Underlying Fund PPM"), 
which includes important disclosures with respect to investment related risks, macroeconomic 
considerations, fees and other potential conflict issues, and such other disclosures as are 
determined appropriate by the Underlying Managers. The Direct Investment Funds primarily 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039088 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185272 
EFTA01354493

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354494.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354494.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
make investments directly in certain equity securities recommended by a sub-adviser (a "Sub-
Adviser") selected by iCapital in accordance with each such Fund's respective investment 
objective and any investment guidelines, as set forth in that Fund's PPM. 
These Funds permit investors to access leading private equity and hedge funds at investment 
minimums which may be as low as $100,000. as set forth in the applicable PPM. 
Each Fund is managed only in accordance with its own investment objectives and restrictions 
and is not tailored to any particular private fund investor (each an "Investor"). Since iCapital 
does not provide individualized advice to Investors. Investors should consider whether a 
particular Fund meets their investment objectives and risk tolerance prior to investing. We do 
not permit Investors in the Funds to impose limitations on the investment activity described in 
the Funds' offering documents. Information about each Fund can be found in its offering 
documents, including its PPM and limited partnership agreement (the "LPA"). 
As 
of December 
31, 
2017 
total discretionary 
assets 
under 
management 
were 
$4,014,735,581.86. Please note that for certain Funds, December 31, 2017 values were not 
available from the Underlying Funds and as a result, assets under management for these Funds 
are as of September 30. 2017. 1
iCapital has included in its regulatory assets under management the assets of any clients for 
which it (or one of its affiliates) serves as general partner. 
Institutional Capital Network. Inc., the parent of iCapital, is owned by various persons, 
including certain management persons and employees of iCapital. none of which own 25% or 
more of the corporation. 
Michael Stanton is iCapital's Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO"). 
Item 5: Fees and Compensation 
Management Fee for the Funds: 
iCapital will charge each Fund a management fee, generally charged quarterly in advance, equal 
to the aggregate management fee assessed with respect to each Investor. The management fee 
charged will typically range between 0.25% to 1.25% per annum, a portion of which, in respect 
of the Direct Investment Funds only, is paid by iCapital or its affiliates to the applicable Sub-
Adviser for services provided by the Sub-Adviser. To the extent an Investor withdraws or is 
withdrawn other than at the end of a calendar quarter, and the Investor prepaid the 
Finds with 9302017 values are as Colton Private Equity Select Master Trust I. Private Equity Global Select Master Fund. Private Equity Global Select 
Master Fund It Private Equity Global Select Master Fund M. :hint. Equity Global Select Muter Fund N. Private Equity Global Select Master Fund V. Private 
Equity Global Select Fund VI (U.S.). LP.. Private Equity Global San Fund VII (U.S.). LP.. Private Equity Asia Select Master Fund. Private Equity Asia Select 
Master Fund It Private fume), An Select Fund III (U.S.). LP.. Pointe Equity Asia Select Fund III Onternaeonal). LP.. Private Equity Asia Select Fund IV (tat 
LP.. Private Equity Asia Select Fund IV {International). LP. Opportunistic Real Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (International) L.P.. Opportunistic Real 
Estate and Irdrausucture Select Fund (U.S.). LP.. Pnvate Equity 8, Credit Opportunities Select Fund (US.). LP., Pnvate Equity &Credit Opportunities Select 
Fund (International). LP.. Energy Select Fund (U.S.). LP.. Energy Select Fund (International). LP.. Credit Opportunities Access Fend (International). LP.. 
Secondary Oppatturnies Fund II Prince Client Feeder Fund.. KKR Credit Select Access Fund (U.S.). LP.. 6200 Hollywood Blvd. North. Oslocation 
Opportunires Access Fund (U.S.). Dislocation Opporainties Access Fund (Internaoonalt Secondary Depot-unities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund 
(U.S.). LP.. Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International). LP.. SEP Private Investors II GP. Ltd.. SEP Private Investors II (International). LP, BIAS 2015 
Private Investors (ISS.). LP.. BIAS 2015 Private Investors (Internatiorul) LP.. KKR Creat Select Access Fund II (US.). LP.. Vista Software Select Access 
Fund (U.S.) LP.. Private Equity Global Select I SCM. SC.A_ Private Equity Global Select IV SCAR. S.C.A. Private Equiry Global Select V S.C.A SCAR. 
Private Equity Asia Select IN S.C.A. SCAR. Private Equity & Creek Opportunities Select iCapti Vintage II Access Fund. LP.. Captal-SV7. LP.. limn° 
Venture Alpha Feeder Fund LP.. iCapul- KV Seed C Access Fund LP.. uCapta6 TEP Non-US Access Fund. LP.. iCapiat TEP Access Fund. LP.. iCaptal-
KW Access Fund LP.. Capital Private Credit Access Fund. LP, Capital. 2015 Vintage Access Fund. LP_ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039089 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185273 
EFTA01354494

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354495.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
management fee up through the end of that calendar quarter. such Investor will generally 
receive a pro rata share of any management fee it prepaid for any quarter. based on the 
Investor's date of withdrawal, unless the applicable Fund documents provide otherwise. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing. iCapital in its sole and absolute discretion may elect to waive 
or otherwise reduce the management fee attributable to any Investor. 
Investor Servicing Fee: 
In addition to the management fee described above, iCapital may be entitled to receive an investor 
servicing fee from the Underlying Manager typically charged as a percentage of the Fund's aggregate 
capital contributions. Typically, the General Partner of the Underlying Fund is responsible for 
payment of the Investor Servicing Fee to iCapital. Investors should refer to the Fund's PPM for full 
disclosure relating to all the fees an investor might be subject to or received by iCapital. 
Payments to Underlying Managers: 
In addition to the management fee described above, the Private Access Funds are generally 
subject to their pro rata portion of any fees charged by the Underlying Funds. These fees 
typically include a management fee, which generally ranges from 1% - 2% on an annual basis. 
and in most cases an incentive compensation arrangement, which generally ranges from 10% -
20% of the capital appreciation in the Underlying Fund. In respect of the Underlying Funds that 
are private equity funds, such Private Access Funds are often subject to a preferred return and 
general partner catch-up. In addition, each Fund will indirectly bear its pro-rata share of 
organizational expenses and other operational expenses and costs and expenses payable by the 
Fund to the Underlying Fund. Furthermore, certain Underlying Funds will offset the amount of 
any management fees payable by a Private Access Fund (and its other limited partners or 
shareholders) by the amount of any transaction fees, break-up fees, commitment fees, 
underwriting fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, modification fees, monitoring fees, consulting 
fees, directors' fees, advisory fees, closing fees and other similar fees received and retained by 
the Underlying Fund Manager (or any of its affiliates) in respect of such Underlying Fund. 
Investors should refer to the Underlying Fund PPMs for full disclosure relating to all the fees a 
Private Access Fund would be subject to in connection with its investment in an Underlying 
Fund. 
Service Providers: 
In connection with its management activities, iCapital may engage various service providers. 
Service providers to each Fund may be compensated as a fund expense (as described below) 
or may be compensated out of iCapital's fee. iCapital has engaged Dynasty Securities, LLC 
("Dynasty") as a service provider for certain Funds. Dynasty may provide certain 
administrative, marketing and technical support services to iCapital and may receive fees 
typically ranging from 
.075% - .25% in relation to investors who are clients of Dynasty's network of financial advisory 
firms. Dynasty is an independent company, not affiliated with iCapital. There is no form of legal 
partnership. agency, affiliated or similar relationship between iCapital and Dynasty. 
Organizational Expenses: 
Each Fund will bear its own organizational and offering expenses. Such organizational and 
offering expenses generally include. but are not limited to. legal expenses, travel, accounting, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039090 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185274 
EFTA01354495

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354496.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
filing, capital-raising and other expenses incurred in connection with the formation of the Fund 
and the offering of the Interests (including costs associated with preparing and distributing 
offering memoranda). These expenses may be subject to a cap based on the terms set forth in 
each Fund's PPM. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM for further details. 
Fund Expenses: 
The Private Access Fund will generally pay the costs and expenses of the Private Access Fund. 
including without limitation: the management fee: organizational expenses: liquidation expenses 
of the Private Access Fund: any sales or other taxes, fees or government charges which may be 
assessed against the Private Access Fund: expenses and fees related to audits of the Private 
Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Private Access Fund's tax returns; 
costs of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to and other 
communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all governmental returns, reports and 
filings: any subsequent closing interest charged to the Private Access Fund in connection with 
its admission to an Underlying Fund: extraordinary one-time expenses of the Private Access 
Fund; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Private Access 
Fund, including indemnification expenses: commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges 
incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities: the costs and expenses 
(including travel related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise holding 
meetings or conferences with limited partners. whether individually or in a group: expenses 
attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial banking. accounting. 
appraisal. legal. administrative (including any fees and expenses of the administrator for the 
Private Access Fund related to the Private Access Fund or the General Partner). custodial and 
registration services provided to the Private Access Fund and any expenses attributable to 
consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or 
sale of securities by the Private Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is consummated); and 
premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Private Access Fund, the General 
Partner and any of their respective partners. members, stockholders, officers, directors. 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the Private Access Fund. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, limited partners will indirectly bear the cost of 
the Private Access Fund's pro rata share of management fees. carried interest, organizational 
expenses. taxes. indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the Private Access 
Fund as an investor in the Underlying Funds. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM and/or 
Underlying Fund PPM for further details. 
The Direct Investment Funds will bear all the ordinary and extraordinary expenses in 
connection with the offering of its interests and operations, including without limitation: the 
cost of producing and distributing offering memoranda and other marketing and subscription 
materials: printing and mailing costs: filing and regulatory fees and expenses (including any costs 
and expenses in connection with regulatory filings and reports required to be made by a 
Direct Investment Fund. the applicable general partner or the Firm relating to such Direct 
Investment Fund). pricing and valuation fees and expenses (including the costs and expenses of 
valuation agents): accounting. custodial, administrative, legal, audit, bookkeeping and tax 
preparation fees and expenses (including fees and expenses of any administrator or custodian): 
computer software, licensing, programming and operating expenses: investment research and 
research- related products and services: data processing costs; consultant fees: tax, litigation 
and extraordinary expenses. if any. including, without limitation, indemnification, dispute 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039091 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185275 
EFTA01354496

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354497.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
resolution. litigations and related legal fees and expenses: investment expenses whether 
relating to investments that are consummated or unconsummated (e.g., expenses which, in the 
determination of the applicable general partner. iCapital or any sub-adviser, if appropriate, are 
related to the investment of such Direct Investment Fund's assets, such as brokerage 
commissions. spreads. mark-ups on securities, interest expenses. custodial and sub-custodial 
transaction charges and any costs associated with collateral management): insurance expenses. 
bank charges. currency hedging costs: and other investment and operating expenses. Expenses 
borne by any such Direct Investment Fund for audit expenses. preparation of the Funds' tax 
returns and liquidation expenses of such Direct Investment Fund may be subject to a cap as set 
forth in the applicable Direct Investment Fund's PPM. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM 
for further details. 
iCapital will pay all overhead expenses. including its employees' salaries, rent. utilities. etc. 
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side Management 
iCapital may charge the Funds a performance-based fee or carried interest to its Investors. 
Performance-based compensation may create an incentive for iCapital to make more 
speculative investments than would otherwise be made or make decisions regarding the timing 
and manner of realization of investments differently than if such compensation were not 
received. In addition, a Private Access Fund will bear its pro rata share of management fees, 
performance fees, carried interest or other expenses charged by an Underlying Fund. Please 
refer to the iCapital and applicable Underlying Funds' PPM for further details and methods of 
calculating the fees charged to the applicable Private Access Fund. 
Item 7: Types of Clients 
The Clients of iCapital are the Funds. The Funds rely on an exemption from the definition of 
"investment company" under Section 3(c)(7) or Section 3(c)(I) of the Investment Company 
Act, which requires that its securities are to be held exclusively by "Qualified Purchasers" as 
defined in the Investment Company Act iCapital offers interests in the Funds pursuant to 
Regulation D and Regulation S under the 1933 Act. 
Investors in the Funds may include high net worth individuals and estate planning vehicles as 
well as a variety of institutional investors (e.g., employee benefit plans, endowments, 
foundations, corporations and other types of entities and other corporations or businesses) 
meeting the terms of the exceptions and exemptions under which the Funds operate and 
wishing to invest in accordance with a particular Fund's investment objective. 
iCapital does not have a minimum size for a Fund, but the minimum investment commitment in a 
Fund is generally $100,000 or $250,000 depending on the Fund, although iCapital has the authority 
to accept subscriptions for a lesser amount. 
iCapital may from time to time enter into letter agreements or other similar agreements 
(collectively, "Side Letters") with one or more investors or shareholders of a pooled investment 
vehicle which provide such investor or shareholder(s) with additional and/or different rights 
(including, without limitation, with respect to management fees, the performance allocations, 
withdrawals, access to information and additional capacity offered by the third-party managers, 
minimum investment amounts and liquidity terms) than such shareholder(s) or investors have 
pursuant to general terms of such pooled investment vehicle. iCapital will not be required to notify 
any or all of the other investors or shareholders of any such written agreements or any of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039092 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185276 
EFTA01354497

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354498.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will iCapital be required to offer such additional 
and/or different rights and/or terms to any or all of the other investors or shareholders. 
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss 
Underlying Fund Manager/Sub-Adviser Selection: 
The Private Access Funds' primary investment objective will be to allow investors to gain 
exposure to select fund managers at significantly lower investment minimums than would be 
required for a direct investment in any Underlying Fund. iCapital will accomplish this by 
leveraging our sourcing advantages and employing an ongoing "bottom-up" diligence approach. 
The Direct Investment Funds' investment objective is to provide its investors access to 
portfolio management by a variety of Sub-Advisers selected by iCapital. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Private Equity Funds): 
iCapital's due diligence team is focused on conducting investment, operations, and legal due 
diligence on the Private Access Fund offerings made available on iCapital's platform. iCapital's 
due diligence process comprises three stages. In the initial quantitative phase of evaluation, 
iCapital reviews the forward calendar of funds coming to market to develop market maps 
across the various private equity strategies (buyouts. growth capital. mezzanine. etc.) to 
identify funds likely to be appealing to iCapital's network. At this stage. iCapital also identifies 
fundraising schedules and targets and compares performance against benchmarks and against 
specific managers in the pipeline. 
Once iCapital has isolated funds coming to market in the ensuing 18 months. iCapital proceeds 
to the second phase of the due diligence process. During this phase. iCapital conducts a 
comprehensive evaluation of the manager's track record, a detailed benchmarking analysis. and 
a thorough review of the competitive landscape. iCapital has an initial meeting with the 
investment team and seeks to analyze the fund's investment strategy. review the quality and 
competency of the investment team, and understand the market outlook. Before meeting with 
a manager. iCapital's diligence team spends a significant amount of time evaluating data room 
materials provided by the manager. They prepare an agenda with a thorough list of questions. 
Also, during this phase of diligence. iCapital does a complete review of the fund's PPM. LPA. 
and ancillary marketing materials. Finally. iCapital makes reference calls to understand market 
positioning, team stability and depth. and market demand. 
iCapital's due diligence comprises both qualitative and quantitative components. The qualitative 
manager assessment generally includes a full-day onsite during which iCapital meets with the 
manager's investment. operational, and legal professionals. iCapital aims to cover many 
different topics during these meetings, including team depth and stability, investment strategy 
and marketing positioning. competitive landscape. discussion of poor investments and lessons 
learned. iCapital leverages these meetings, the review of the managers' due diligence 
questionnaire, and responses to any additional questions. to evaluate the fund relative to its 
peers with a focus on assessing the team in the context of its depth, diversity, and longevity. 
iCapital assesses the manager's compensation structure to ensure alignment of interest. 
iCapital conducts both on the list and off the list reference calls to contacts including 
executives at portfolio companies. peer firms, institutional LPs, former employees, and service 
providers such as bankers and lawyers. 
iCapital's quantitative analysis is focused on performing a comprehensive track record 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039093 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185277 
EFTA01354498

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354499.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354499.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
assessment. In this evaluation. iCapital looks at internal rate of return ("IRR"). multiple on 
invested capital ("MOIC"), distributions to paid-in ("DPI"), and residual value to paid-in capital 
(RVPI). iCapital looks at the dispersion of returns, benchmark performance. the loss ratio. 
partner attribution on individual deals, investment pacing. cumulative contributions, and other 
inputs. 
Finally. iCapital does a comprehensive review of the fund terms and ensures that the terms are 
in line with similar strategies and follow market standards. Upon completion of the review. 
iCapital prepares a detailed due diligence report outlining the findings with a summary of 
strengths and weaknesses. The due diligence report is presented to iCapital's Investment 
Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment Committee is required for 
any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Hedge Funds): 
The Hedge Fund Private Access Fund selection process encompasses five stages. 
In the first stage, iCapital investigates market opportunity and platform needs. iCapital seeks to 
identify strategies which are best suited for the current market environment In particular. 
iCapital endeavors to add managers that are able to take advantage of a unique opportunity 
that a market dislocation might present. From a platform needs perspective. iCapital seeks to 
maintain an offering of 2 to 3 managers within each of the key hedge fund strategy buckets. 
across a diverse mix of fund manager profiles. As part of this process. iCapital is continually 
examining the peers of existing funds to better understand the markets and strategies. 
At the second stage of the diligence process iCapital aims to identify managers to evaluate 
more closely. iCapital builds a peer group universe, leveraging iCapital's entire sourcing 
capability, to identify managers with strong performance track records, including looking at 
return, volatility and drawdowns. 
The third stage of the diligence process is designed for iCapital to conduct initial diligence on 
select managers. As part of the initial due diligence iCapital will hold a meeting or conference 
call, followed by in-person meetings at the manager's or iCapital's offices. In these meetings. 
iCapital seeks to understand the quality and stability of the investment team, the strength of 
the organization, the past drivers of the track record and the stability of the performance going 
forward. 
In the fourth stage. iCapital proceeds with a diligence deep dive. iCapital makes all investment 
and fund selection decisions but has engaged Castle Hall Alternatives Inc. ("Castle Hall") to 
assist in hedge fund due diligence. Castle Hall performs an independent evaluation of the 
manager from an investment and operational due diligence perspective. Castle Hall's diligence 
process usually takes four to six weeks to complete. 
In the last stage. if iCapital is comfortable with Castle Hall's due diligence findings, the manager 
will be presented to the iCapital Investment Committee. The due diligence report is presented 
to iCapital's Investment Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment 
Committee is required for any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
With respect to all of its diligence activities, while iCapital intends to conduct both investment 
and limited operational due diligence with respect to the Underlying Funds as part of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039094 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185278 
EFTA01354499

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354500.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI 25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment selection process and it believes its due diligence and investment selection process 
is thorough, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Funds selected will ultimately be 
successful. Further, operational due diligence will be limited and will not consist of a full 
forensic accounting or a detailed review of internal conflicts. Accordingly. there is the risk that 
iCapital may not detect conflicts of interest, fraudulent behavior or administrative or 
operational weaknesses within the Underlying Funds that may give rise to substantial losses. 
Private Access Funds: Custom Engagements 
In certain cases, iCapital may be engaged by an Underlying Fund Manager or distribution agent 
to facilitate access to an underlying investment vehicle. In such capacity. iCapital will create 
and manage a Private Access Fund solely in an operational capacity to facilitate such 
investments and does not intend to conduct investment or operational due diligence with 
respect to the underlying fund vehicle. Accordingly. there is the risk that iCapital may not 
detect conflicts of interest, fraudulent behavior or administrative or operational weaknesses 
within the Fund that may give rise to substantial losses. 
References to "Fund" in the discussion of risks below shall mean any of the Private Access 
Funds, Direct Investment Funds and/or Underlying Funds, as applicable. 
Risk of Loss: 
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that Investors should be prepared to bear. Investors 
should consider the risks before investing in any Fund. 
The list of risk factors below is not a complete enumeration or explanation of the risks 
involved in an investment through iCapital or any of the Funds it manages. Prospective 
investors are urged to consult their professional advisers and review the offering 
memorandum and other legal documents of the particular Fund before deciding to invest. 
Certain Risk Factors: 
Potential Investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in any Fund. which 
include, but are not limited to, the risks outlined below. For the Private Access Funds such 
risks include the detailed discussion with regard to risks and conflicts of interest generally 
applicable to the applicable Underlying Fund set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM. There can 
be no assurance that any Fund will be successful in achieving such Fund's investment objective 
or the strategies set forth in its PPM. Past results of any Funds. or any of the Underlying 
Managers or Sub-Advisers, are not necessarily indicative of the future performance of the 
Funds. There can be no assurance that a Fund's objectives will be achieved or that Investors 
will not lose their entire investment. 
Private investment funds generally involve various risk factors and liquidity constraints, a 
discussion of which is set forth in each Funds' offering documents, which will be provided to 
each prospective investor for review and consideration prior to investing. We strongly advise 
prospective investors to engage legal and tax counsel to review Fund offering documents prior 
to investing in any private investment fund. Investing in private investment funds is intended 
only for experienced and sophisticated investors who are willing to bear the high economic 
risks of the investment. Carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. Some of 
these risks include loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging or 
other speculative practices. Additionally. Investors may experience volatility of returns, a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039095 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185279 
EFTA01354500

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354501.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354501.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
potential lack of diversification, higher fees than those offered through more traditional 
investment products (such as mutual funds), and lack of information regarding valuations and 
pricing. Each prospective investor will be required to complete a subscription agreement for 
any Fund in which it seeks to invest, pursuant to which the prospective investor shall establish 
that he/she is qualified for investment in the Fund, and acknowledges and accepts the various 
risk factors that are associated with such an investment 
The risks and conflicts of interest described in the Underlying Fund PPM with respect to the 
Underlying Fund and an investment therein apply generally to a Private Access Fund. 
Moreover, without limiting the application or generality of the foregoing. each Private Access 
Fund will be either (A) a newly formed entity or (B) an entity with a limited operating history 
(i) that will not be registered under the Investment Company Act. (ii) that will issue illiquid 
securities that are not registered under the Securities Act or any other laws. (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act. (iv) the Interests of which will be subject to restrictions on 
transfer. (v) which will not be permitted to make full or partial withdrawals from an Underlying 
Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Funds' governing agreement (except in very 
limited circumstances) and 
(vi) with respect to which, investors may lose the entire amount of their investment The 
returns of the Private Access Fund will depend almost entirely on the performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will 
be able to implement its investment objective and strategy. Certain ongoing operating 
expenses of the Private Access Fund, which will be in addition to those expenses borne by the 
Private Access Fund as an investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g.. carried interest, management 
fees, underlying fund expenses. organizational expenses and other expenses and liabilities 
borne by investors in the Underlying Fund), generally will be borne by the Private Access Fund 
and the Investors with a corresponding impact on the returns to the Investors. Such additional 
expenses of the Private Access Fund will reduce the Private Access Funds' performance 
relative to the Underlying Fund. 
Pending investment in the applicable Underlying Fund, the Private Access Fund may invest a 
portion of its assets in short term interest bearing accounts which would not meet the 
Underlying Funds' overall return objectives. An investor in the Private Access Fund will have 
only those rights provided for in the PPM. iCapital is not the General Partner or manager of 
the Underlying Fund. None of any Private Access Fund, iCapital or any of their affiliates will 
take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its management 
strategies and policies. Each Private Access Fund is subject to the risk of bad judgment. 
negligence, or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and its 
affiliates. There have been a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment 
vehicles investing in third-party funds have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor 
misconduct. The PPM will provide for indemnification of iCapital and its affiliates and certain 
other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the expense thereof) will be in 
addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund constituent documents. 
Investors in a Private Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the securities or other assets 
so received in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely tradable. 
With respect to any such securities or other assets distributed in-kind. the risk of loss and 
delay in liquidating these securities or assets will be borne by the Investors of the Private 
Access Fund, with the result that such Investors may receive less cash than reflected in the fair 
value of such securities as determined by iCapital pursuant to the offering documents. 
II 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039096 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185280 
EFTA01354501

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354502.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354502.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
iCapital cannot predict the timing and amounts of the capital contributions that will be 
required to be made by Investors to any Private Access Fund. Such capital contributions may 
be called on an irregular basis, although as previously noted, iCapital will require each Investor 
to make a capital contribution to a Private Access Fund on or before the date it is admitted to 
a Private Access Fund (which amount will be held in escrow pending acceptance of the 
Investor's Subscription by iCapital). iCapital will provide written notice of the exact size and 
timing of the initial capital contribution in advance of the initial closing of a Private Access 
Fund. If an Investor fails to make a required capital contribution to a Private Access Fund on its 
due date (including, without limitation, recalls of distributed capital). regardless of the reason 
(including legal or other prohibitions). Capital may impose substantial penalties on such 
Investor and use any available remedies to enforce the contribution obligation. If a Private 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its investment in the 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of an Investor or otherwise, the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Private Access Fund, including 
forfeiture of all, or a part of. its investment in the Underlying Fund, which will have a material 
negative impact on the return of the Private Access Fund as a whole. 
By making the Private Access Funds available, neither iCapital nor any of its affiliates is 
providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an 
investment in a Private Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. iCapital and its affiliates and 
personnel are not required to devote all or any specified portion of their time to managing the 
Private Access Funds' affairs, or from engaging in any other business activities, whether or not 
competitive with a Private Access Fund. Each prospective investor in a Private Access Fund 
should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal. tax, financial and related 
matters concerning an investment in the Private Access Fund. 
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund Investors in a Private Access Fund will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund and will 
have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the Underlying Fund Manager. their 
respective affiliates or any of their respective advisors, officers, directors, employees, partners 
or members. 
No Rights to Vote or Partidpate. In the event that there is an issue to be voted upon by the 
investors of any Underlying Fund. iCapital. and not the Investors in any Private Access Fund, 
will determine how a Private Access Fund's interest in the applicable Underlying Fund will be 
voted. In addition, Investors in any Private Access Fund will have no opportunity to participate 
directly in the day-to-day operations of such Underlying Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund. The terms of each Underlying Fund are subject to change. There 
can be no assurances that the partners of any Underlying Fund will not amend such Underlying 
Funds' governing agreement. Neither any Private Access Fund nor iCapital will have the ability 
to unilaterally block any amendment of any Underlying Funds' governing agreement. None of 
any Underlying Fund Manager. any Underlying Fund or iCapital will have any liability or 
responsibility to any Investor for any changes to the terms of the Underlying Fund. iCapital is 
under no obligation to revise or supplement the applicable PPM. notwithstanding any 
amendments to any Underlying Funds' governingagreement. 
Repayment of Distributions. In the event any Underlying Fund is unable otherwise to meet its 
indemnification obligations, a Private Access Fund may be required to repay to such Underlying 
Fund or to pay creditors of such Underlying Fund, as applicable, distributions previously 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039097 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185281 
EFTA01354502

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354503.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354503.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
received by it. In addition, a Private Access Fund may be required to pay to an Underlying Fund 
amounts that are required to be withheld by the Underlying Fund for tax purposes. A Private 
Access Fund may require Investors to return to the Private Access Fund all or part of any 
distribution by the Private Access Fund to the Investors in order to satisfy all or any portion of 
such Private Access Fund's indemnification and other obligations in respect of itself or the 
applicable Underlying Fund. Similarly. Investors may be required to repay or pay such amounts 
to a Private Access Fund if the Private Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Investors will be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Investor will be furnished information on a 
Schedule K- I for preparation of such Investor's individual U.S. federal income tax return. The 
furnishing of such information is subject to. among other things. the timely receipt by a Fund of 
information from the applicable Underlying Fund or Sub-Adviser. 
Tax Liabilities in Excess of Cash Distributions. Due to potential timing differences between income 
recognition for tax purposes and actual cash distributions by a Fund, an Investor may incur 
income tax liabilities in excess of actual cash distributions made prior to the date such liabilities 
arise or such taxes are due. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors may recognize UBTI from a Fund for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes and any such amounts of UBTI could be significant. 
Illiquidity of Private Access Fund Investments. Certain of the Private Access Funds' investment 
portfolios will primarily consist of investments in private equity funds. Prospective investors 
should be aware of the long-term nature of these types of investments. An investment by a 
Private Access Fund in a private equity fund is highly illiquid because the market for the sale of 
such investments is limited, and the transferability of such investments is also generally 
restricted. There are no assurances that a Private Access Fund will be able to liquidate a 
particular private equity fund interest at the time and upon the terms it desires. 
Economic and Market Risk Companies and securities in which a Fund will invest may be 
sensitive to general downward swings in the overall economy or in their specific industries or 
geographies. Factors affecting economic conditions, including. for example. inflation rates, 
currency 
devaluation, 
exchange rate fluctuations, industry 
conditions, competition, 
technological developments, domestic and worldwide political, military and diplomatic events 
and trends and innumerable other factors, none of which will be in the control of a Fund, can 
substantially and adversely affect the business and prospects of the Funds. A major recession 
or adverse developments in the securities market might have an impact on some or all of a 
Fund's investments. In addition, where a Fund is a private equity fund, factors specific to a 
portfolio company may have an adverse effect on the underlying private equity funds' 
investment in such company. iCapital may rely upon an Underlying Fund Manager's or Sub-
Adviser's projections concerning an underlying Fund's or a security's future performance in 
making investment decisions. Such projections are inherently subject to uncertainty and to 
certain factors beyond the control of such Fund and iCapital. 
Consequences of Default. In the event that a Private Access Fund that invests in an Underlying 
Fund that is a private equity fund fails to make a capital contribution to that Underlying Fund as 
a result of the failure of an Investor to make a capital contribution to the Private Access Fund, 
the Underlying Fund may impose certain remedies against the Private Access Fund, including 
without limitation, causing the Private Access Fund to forfeit all or a portion of its interest in 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039098 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185282 
EFTA01354503

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354504.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354504.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
such Underlying Fund. 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is subject to a default (the 
"Defaulted Amount"). iCapital may call additional capital from the Investors that have already 
made the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded Subscriptions). pro 
rata based on the ratio of such Investor's unpaid Subscription to the aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of all Investors, to the extent necessary to fund the Defaulted Amount. 
If an Investor fails to pay in full any requested capital contributions. iCapital may take certain 
actions which may result in a sale of such Investor's Interest or a forfeiture of all or a portion 
of such Investor's Interest Additionally, iCapital may pursue any available legal remedies, with 
the expenses of collection of the unpaid amount including attorneys' fees, to be paid by such 
defaulting Investor. A defaulting Investor will be responsible for interest charges and default 
charges imposed by an Underlying Fund that arise from or relate to such Investor's failure to 
pay requested capital contributions. 
Series Limited Partnership; Cross-Series Liabilities. Certain Funds have been established as a single 
series of a series limited partnership (each, a "Partnership"). The Delaware Act provides 
that if certain requirements of the Delaware Act are satisfied, the debts, liabilities and 
obligations relating to a particular series of a series limited partnership are enforceable only 
against the assets of that series and not against the assets of the limited partnership generally 
or the assets of any other series of the limited partnership. Because these provisions were 
enacted relatively recently. there is a dearth of case law interpreting those provisions. Further, 
a Partnership may operate or have assets held on its behalf or be subject to claims in other 
jurisdictions which may not necessarily recognize the legal segregation of a Fund and other 
series of the Partnership. Finally, other contractual arrangements entered into by a 
Partnership, a Fund or another series of the Partnership may have the effect of defeating the 
segregation protections of the Delaware Act Accordingly. the degree of separation that a 
Fund enjoys from the debts, liabilities and obligations of other series of a Partnership is not 
certain. Each Partnership intends that the assets of each series of that Partnership including the 
applicable Fund will be structured to comply with the Delaware Act and that such Fund will be 
operated with the assets of each 
series segregated on the books and records of such 
Partnership so that the assets of one series of the Partnership are not subject to the liabilities 
of any other series; however, there is no assurance that this structure and operation will be 
respected in all circumstances and in all jurisdictions. It is therefore possible that the assets 
attributable to one series may be insufficient to meet the debts, liabilities and obligations of 
such series and. consequently. that creditors of such series will seek recourse against the assets 
of a Fund. 
Reliance on the Sub-Adviser and its Personnel. Under the applicable sub-advisory agreement in 
respect of certain of the Funds, a Sub-Adviser has complete discretion in selecting portfolio 
investments on behalf of that Fund. The success of a Fund depends, to a great extent on a 
Sub- Adviser's ability to identify favorable investment opportunities and to effectively allocate 
the assets of the Fund among such opportunities. Accordingly. a Direct Investment Fund's 
success will depend substantially on the skill and acumen of key employees of that Sub-Adviser. 
If a Sub- Adviser or any Sub-Adviser's key employees should cease to participate in that Fund's 
business, the Fund's ability to select attractive investments and manage its portfolio could be 
impaired. In addition, to the extent a sub-advisory agreement is terminated for any reason, 
either by the applicable Sub-Adviser or the applicable general partner. there is no assurance 
that any replacement sub-adviser engaged by the general partner will have equivalent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039099 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185283 
EFTA01354504

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354505.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354505.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
experience, skill or resources as the existing Sub-Adviser. 
General Economic and Market Conditions and Issuer Risk. Any investment in securities carries 
certain market risks. In addition to the factors discussed in the applicable Fund's PPM, 
investments by a Fund may decline in value for any number of reasons over which the Fund 
may have no control, including changes in the overall market for equity or equity-like securities 
and other general economic and market conditions, such as interest rates, availability of credit, 
inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, currency exchange rates and controls 
and national and international political circumstances (including wars and security operations). 
The value of a Fund may also decline as a result of factors pertaining to particular portfolio 
securities held by such Fund, such as perception or changes in the issuer's management, the 
market for the issuer's products or services, sources of supply. technological changes within 
the issuer's industry, the availability of additional capital and labor, general economic 
conditions, political conditions, and other similar conditions. All of these factors may affect the 
level and volatility of security prices and the liquidity and the value of the securities held by a 
Fund. Unexpected volatility or illiquidity could impair a Fund's profitability or result in it 
suffering losses. 
Equity Securities Risks. Equity securities represent an ownership interest, or the right to acquire 
an ownership interest, in an issuer. Equity securities also include, among other things, 
preferred stocks, securities issued by investment companies including ETFs. interests in REITs. 
convertible 
stocks, equity interests in trusts, partnerships. joint ventures. limited liability companies and 
similar enterprises, warrants. and stock purchase rights. The values of equity securities, such as 
common stocks and preferred stocks. may decline due to general market conditions that are 
not related to a specific company. such as: real or perceived adverse economic conditions: 
changes in the general outlook for corporate earnings: and changes in interest or currency 
rates or ad verse investor sentiment generally. The value of equity securities may also decline 
due to factors that affect a particular industry or industries, such as workforce shortages or 
increased production costs and competitive conditions within an industry. 
Investments in Non-U.S. Issuers. Certain Funds invest in equity and equity related securities of 
foreign issuers, depository receipts and other securities or instruments that represent an 
indirect interest in securities of foreign issuers, collective vehicles that invest in foreign 
securities and other securities, derivatives or instruments whose performance is linked to the 
performance of foreign securities or baskets of foreign securities. Investments in foreign 
securities are affected by risk factors generally not thought to be present in the United States. 
These risks may be increased to the extent that a Fund invests in issuers in emerging markets. 
Such factors include, but are not limited to. the following: varying custody, brokerage and 
settlement practices; difficulty in valuation and pricing; less public information about issuers of 
foreign securities; less governmental regulation and supervision over the issuance and trading 
of securities; the unavailability of financial information regarding the foreign issuer or the 
difficulty of interpreting financial information prepared under foreign accounting standards; less 
liquidity and more volatility in foreign security markets; the possibility of expropriation or 
nationalization; the imposition of withholding and other taxes: adverse political, social or 
diplomatic developments: limitations on the movement of funds or other assets of a Fund 
between different countries; difficulties in invoking the legal process outside of the U.S. and 
enforcing contractual obligations; and the difficulty of assessing economic trends in foreign 
countries. Moreover, governmental issuers of foreign securities or other instruments may be 
unwilling to repay principal and interest due and may require that the conditions for payment 
be renegotiated. Investment in foreign countries also involves higher brokerage and custodian 
IS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039100 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185284 
EFTA01354505

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354506.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
expenses than does investment in U.S. securities traded on a U.S. securities exchange or 
market 
Among numerous other types of securities, certain Funds will purchase American Depositary 
Receipts (ADRs), European Depositary Receipts (EDRs) and Global Depositary Receipts 
(GDRs). ADRs, EDRs and GDRs are certificates evidencing ownership of shares of a non-U.S. 
issuer and are alternatives to directly purchasing the underlying non-U.S. securities in their 
national markets and currencies. However, such investments continue to be subject to many of 
the risks associated with investing directly in non-U.S. securities. These risks include the 
political and economic risks of the underlying issuer's country, as well as in the case of 
depositary receipts traded on non-U.S. markets, foreign exchange risk. ADRs. EDRs and GDRs 
may be sponsored or unsponsored. Unsponsored receipts are established without the 
participation of the issuer. Unsponsored receipts may involve higher expenses, they may not 
pass-through voting or other shareholder rights, and they may be less liquid. The performance 
of ADRs. EDRs and GDRs may be different from the performance of the ordinary shares of 
the non-U.S. issuer to which they relate. 
Investment in Emerging Markets. Certain Funds will invest in securities of companies based in. 
traded on an exchange in, or with substantial business in or issued by the governments of. 
emerging markets, including, but not limited to. certain Central and Eastern European 
countries. Asian countries and Latin American countries. These securities involve risks and 
may be highly volatile and subject to significant market swings. due to the inexperience 
of financial intermediaries, the lack of modern technology, the lack of a sufficient capital base to 
expand business operations. and the possibility of temporary or permanent termination of 
trading. Political and economic structures in many emerging markets may be undergoing 
significant evolution and rapid development and emerging markets lack the social, political and 
economic stability characteristics of more developed countries. As a result the risks relating 
to investments in foreign securities described above, including the possibility of nationalization 
or expropriation. may be heightened. In addition, certain countries may restrict or prohibit 
investment opportunities in issuers or industries deemed important to national interests. Such 
restrictions may affect the market price, liquidity and rights of securities that may be purchased 
by a Fund. Settlement mechanisms in emerging securities markets may be less efficient and less 
reliable than in more developed markets and placing securities with a custodian or broker-
dealer in an emerging country may also present considerable risks. The small size of securities 
markets in such countries and the low volume of trading may result in a lack of liquidity and in 
substantially greater price volatility. 
Foreign Currency. Because a Fund may invest its assets in instruments quoted or denominated in 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar or the price of which is determined with reference to 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar, changes in the U.S. dollar exchange rate will affect the 
dollar value of securities in such Fund's portfolio and the realized and unrealized appreciation 
or depreciation of investments. A Fund will, however, value its securities and other assets in 
U.S. dollars. A Fund may. but is not required to, hedge the currency exposure inherent in the 
Fund's investments in non-U.S. securities. To the extent unhedged, the value of a Fund's assets 
will fluctuate with U.S. dollar exchange rates as well as the price changes of the Fund's 
investments in the various local markets and currencies. Thus, an increase in the value of the 
U.S. dollar compared to the other currencies in which a Fund makes its investments will 
reduce the effect of increases and magnify the effect of declines in the values of the Fund's 
securities denominated in currencies of their local markets. Conversely, a decline in the value 
of the U.S. dollar will have the opposite effect on a Fund's non-U.S. dollar-denominated 
securities. Currency exchange rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039101 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185285 
EFTA01354506

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354507.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
They generally are determined by the forces of supply and demand in the foreign exchange 
markets and the relative merits of investments in different countries, changes in interest rates 
and other factors. Currency exchange rates can also be affected by intervention, or the failure 
to intervene, by U.S. and foreign governments or central banks, or by currency controls or 
political developments in the United States and abroad. The exchange rate between the 
currencies of various emerging market countries and the U.S. dollar has changed substantially 
in the last two decades and may fluctuate substantially in the future. 
Credit Risk. An issuer or counterparty may fail to pay its obligations to a Fund when they are 
due. Financial strength and solvency (or the perceived financial strength or solvency) of an 
issuer are the primary factors influencing credit risk. Changes in the financial condition of an 
issuer or counterparty, changes in specific economic, social or political conditions that affect a 
particular type of security or other instrument or an issuer, and changes in economic, social or 
political conditions generally can increase the risk of default by an issuer or counterparty, 
which can affect a security's or other instrument's credit quality or value and an issuer's or 
counterparty's ability to pay interest and principal when due. The values of lower quality debt, 
including loans, tend to be particularly sensitive to these changes. The values of investments 
also may decline for a number of other reasons that relate directly to the issuer, such as 
management performance, financial leverage and reduced demand for the issuer's goods and 
services, as well as the historical and prospective earnings of the issuer and the value of its 
assets. In addition, lack or inadequacy of collateral or credit enhancements for a debt obligation 
may affect its credit risk. Credit risk of an investment may change over time, and securities or 
other instruments that are rated by ratings agencies may be subject to downgrade. Ratings are 
only opinions of the agencies issuing them as to the likelihood of payment. They are not 
guarantees as to quality and they do not reflect market risk. If an issuer or counter-party fails to 
pay interest, a Fund's income might be reduced and the value of the investment might fall, and 
if an issuer or counterparty fails to pay principal, the value of the investment might fall and the 
Direct Investment Fund could lose the amount of its investment. 
Concentration. Certain Funds' portfolios are expected to be concentrated from time to time 
and/or have investments focused in particular countries, regions. sectors, companies or 
industries with high positive correlations to one another and the effect of this, together with 
its long-term approach to investment, could result in large movements in the portfolio value. A 
concentrated portfolio increases the importance of the selection of each stock, industry and/or 
country as a determinant of investment performance and also increases the volatility of a Fund. 
In addition, companies in an industry, country or region in which a Fund concentrates may fall 
out of favor with investors, causing the Fund to lose money or underperform the stock market 
or funds concentrated in other industries, countries or regions. Accordingly, to the extent the 
portfolio does concentrate in any of these ways. the overall adverse impact on a Fund of 
adverse developments in the business of such issuer, such industry or the government or 
affairs of such countries or regions. could be considerably greater than if it did not concentrate 
its investments to such an extent Although the investment guidelines of a Fund are intended 
to help mitigate these risks of portfolio concentration, there is no assurance such guidelines 
will be effective in limiting the adverse effects. 
Settlement Risk. Settlement and clearance procedures in certain foreign markets differ 
significantly from those in the U.S. Foreign settlement and clearance procedures and trade 
regulations also may involve certain risks (such as delays in payment for or delivery of 
securities) not typically associated with the settlement of U.S. investments. At times, 
settlements in certain foreign countries have not kept pace with the number of securities 
transactions. These problems may make it difficult for the Fund to carry out transactions. If a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039102 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185286 
EFTA01354507

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354508.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a purchase of securities, it may miss attractive 
investment opportunities and certain of its assets may be uninvested with no return earned 
thereon for some period. If a Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a sale of securities, it 
may lose money if the value of the security then declines or. if it has contracted to sell the 
security to another party. the Fund could be liable for any losses incurred. 
Small or Medium-Sized Companies. Investing in the securities of small or medium-sized 
companies can involve greater risk and the possibility of greater portfolio price volatility than is 
typically associated with equity investments in larger, more established issuers. Historically, 
stocks of small or medium-sized companies and recently organized companies have been more 
volatile in price than those of larger companies. Among the reasons for greater price volatility 
of the stocks of these smaller companies is the lower degree of liquidity in the markets for such 
stocks. Further, smaller companies and unseasoned companies may have limited product lines. 
markets or financial resources, and they may depend upon a limited or less experienced 
management group. The securities of smaller companies may be traded only on the over-the-
counter markets or on a regional securities exchange and may not be traded daily or in the 
volume typical of trading on a larger, more established securities exchange or trading platform. 
Liquidity of Investments. Certain Funds' portfolios will include securities that are not actively or 
widely traded (including without limitation securities issued by certain small or medium-sized 
companies), are not registered under the applicable securities laws or are contractually or 
otherwise restricted from resale. Such investments may be or may become illiquid (including 
as a result of size of a Fund's investment relative to the security's average daily trading volume) 
and involve a high degree of business and financial risk which can result in substantial losses. 
Because of the absence of active or regulated trading markets for these illiquid investments. 
and because of the difficulties in determining market values accurately. it may take a Fund 
longer to be able to liquidate these positions (if they can be liquidated) than would be the case 
for more liquid securities. The prices realized on the resale of illiquid securities could be less 
than those originally paid by a Fund. Further. companies whose securities are not publicly listed 
may not be subject to public disclosure and other investor protection requirements applicable 
to issuers of publicly traded securities. 
Convertible Securities Risk. Convertible securities include corporate bonds, notes, preferred 
stocks or debt-securities of issuers that can be converted into (that is, exchanged for) 
common stocks or other equity securities at a stated price or rate. Convertible securities also 
include other securities, such as warrants, that provide an opportunity for equity participation. 
Because convertible securities can be converted into equity securities. their value will normally 
vary in some proportion with those of the underlying equity securities. Due to the conversion 
feature, convertible securities generally yield less than non-convertible fixed income securities 
of similar credit quality and maturity. A Fund's investment in convertible securities may at 
times include securities that have a mandatory conversion feature, pursuant to which the 
securities convert automatically into common stock at a specified date and conversion ratio, or 
that are convertible at the option of the issuer. When conversion is not at the option of the 
holder. a Fund may be required to convert the security into the underlying common stock 
even at times when the value of the underlying common stock has declined substantially. 
Participation Certificates Risks. The price. performance, liquidity and value of a participation 
certificate are all linked directly to the underlying security, so that investing in a participation 
certificate subjects a Fund to the risks associated with an investment in the underlying equity 
security. Investing in a participation certificate also exposes a Fund to counterparty risk, which 
is the risk that the bank or broker-dealer that issues the certificate will not fulfill its contractual 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039103 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185287 
EFTA01354508

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354509.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354509.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
obligation to timely pay the Fund the amount owed under the certificate. 
Cash Position Risk A Fund may hold any portion of its assets in cash or cash equivalents at any 
time or for an extended time. The applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-Adviser will 
determine the amount of such Fund's assets to be held in cash or cash equivalents at its sole 
discretion, based on such factors as it may consider appropriate from time to time. To the 
extent that a Fund holds assets in cash or cash equivalents and is otherwise uninvested, the 
ability of the Fund to meet its investment objective may be limited. 
Leverage. A Fund may utilize leverage in pursuing its investment strategy. Leveraging a Fund 
creates an opportunity for increased net income or capital appreciation but, at the same time. 
creates special risk considerations. Leveraging will generally exaggerate the effect on the value 
of a Fund's assets of any increase or decrease in the market value of the Fund's investments. 
Although the principal of borrowings underlying any leverage will be fixed, a Fund's assets may 
change in value during the time the borrowing is outstanding. Because any decline in value of a 
Fund's investments will be borne entirely by the Fund (and thus by investors in the Fund) and 
not by those persons providing the leverage to the Fund. the effect of leverage in a declining 
market would be a greater decrease in the value of the Fund's portfolio investments than if the 
Fund were not so leveraged. Leveraging will create interest expenses for a Fund, which can 
exceed the investment return from the borrowed funds. To the extent the investment return 
derived from securities purchased with borrowed funds exceeds the interest a Fund will have 
to pay. the Fund's investment return will be greater than if leverage were not used. 
Conversely, if the investment return from the assets acquired with borrowed funds is not 
sufficient to cover the cost of leverage. the investment return of a Fund will be less than if 
leverage were not used. Additionally, a Fund must maintain sufficient liquid assets. marked-to-
market daily. to cover its leveraged transactions. This will limit a Fund's investment flexibility. 
as well as its ability to meet current obligations. 
Leverage may include borrowing and also the use of margin. Other borrowings take the form 
of. or are embedded in. margined option premiums. repurchase agreements. bank or dealer 
credit lines or the notional principal amounts of swap transactions. There can be no assurance 
that a Fund will be able to maintain adequate financing arrangements under all market 
circumstances. 
As a general matter, the banks and dealers that provide financing to a Fund can apply 
discretionary margin, haircut. financing and valuation policies. or impose other credit 
limitations or restrictions. whether due to market circumstances or government regulation or 
judicial action. Such application or losses may result in large margin calls, loss of financing. 
forced liquidations of positions at disadvantageous prices, termination of swap and repurchase 
agreements and cross-defaults to agreements with other dealers. Any such adverse effects may 
be exacerbated in the event that such limitations or restrictions are imposed suddenly and/or 
by multiple market participants simultaneously. The imposition of any such limitations or 
restrictions could compel a Fund to liquidate all or part of its portfolio at disadvantageous 
prices. perhaps leading to a loss of the Fund's equity. 
Derivatives Risk A derivative is a financial contract whose value depends on changes in the value 
of one or more underlying assets, reference rates or indexes. These instruments include. 
among others, participation certificates, credit default swaps. currency forward contracts. 
currency swap contracts and other swap agreements and similar instruments. A Fund's use of 
derivatives may involve risks different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing 
in more traditional investments, such as stocks and bonds. Derivatives can be highly complex 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039104 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185288 
EFTA01354509

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354510.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
and may perform in ways unanticipated by a Fund's Sub-Adviser or an Underlying Fund 
Manager. In addition to the risks of an adverse change in the value of the underlying reference 
asset. a Fund's use of derivatives involves the risk that the other party to the derivative 
contract will fail to make required payments or otherwise to comply with the terms of the 
contract. Derivatives transactions can create investment leverage and may be highly volatile. 
and a Fund could lose more than the amount it invests. Derivatives may be difficult to value 
and highly illiquid. and a Fund may not be able to close out or sell a derivative position at a 
particular time or at an anticipated price. 
Warrants and Stock Purchase Rights. A Fund may participate in rights offerings and may purchase 
warrants, which are privileges issued by corporations enabling the owners to subscribe to and 
purchase a specified number of shares of the corporation at a specified price during a specified 
period of time. Subscription rights normally have a short life span to expiration. The purchase 
of rights or warrants involves the risk that a fund could lose the purchase value of a right or 
warrant if the right to subscribe to additional shares is not exercised prior to the rights' and 
warrants' expiration. Also, the purchase of rights and/or warrants involves the risk that the 
effective price paid for the right and/or warrant added to the subscription price of the related 
security may exceed the value of the subscribed security's market price such as when there is 
no movement in the level of the underlying security. Buying a warrant does not make the fund 
a shareholder of the underlying stock. The warrant holder has no voting or dividend rights 
with respect to the underlying stock. A warrant does not carry any right to assets of the 
issuer, and for this reason, investment in warrants may be more speculative than other equity-
based investments. Transactions in off-exchange warrants may involve greater risk than dealing 
in exchange traded warrants because there is no exchange market through which to liquidate 
your position, or to assess the value of the warrant or the exposure to risk. Bid and offer 
prices need not be quoted when dealing with off-exchange warrants, and even where they are, 
they will be established by dealers in these instruments and consequently it may be difficult to 
establish what is a fair price. 
Debt Securities Risks. The value of a debt security changes in response to various factors, 
including, for example, market-related factors, such as changes in interest rates or changes in 
the actual or perceived ability of an issuer to meet its obligations. A Fund may invest in debt 
securities without considering the maturity of the instrument. In general, the value of a debt 
security may fall in response to increases in interest rates. The value of a security with a longer 
duration will be more sensitive to changes in interest rates than a similar security with a 
shorter duration. As a result, changes in interest rates in the U.S. and outside the U.S. may 
affect a Fund's debt investments unfavorably. 
Debt securities in which a Fund invests may be rated below investment grade, or unrated 
securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser or the Underlying Fund Manager to be of 
comparable quality, are high yield, high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk bonds." These 
bonds are predominantly speculative. They are usually issued by companies without long track 
records of sales and earnings, or by companies with questionable credit strength. These bonds 
have a higher degree of default risk. may be less liquid and may be subject to greater price 
volatility than higher-rated bonds 
High Yield Securities Hunk Bond) Risk Fixed income instruments rated below investment grade, 
or unrated securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser to be of comparable quality, are 
high yield. high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk bonds." These bonds are predominantly 
speculative. They are usually issued by companies without long track records of sales and 
earnings, or by companies with questionable credit strength. These bonds have a higher degree 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039105 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185289 
EFTA01354510

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354511.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
of default risk and may be less liquid than higher-rated bonds. These securities may be subject 
to greater price volatility due to such factors as specific corporate developments, interest rate 
sensitivity, negative perceptions of junk bonds generally. and less secondary market liquidity. 
This potential lack of liquidity may make it more difficult for a Fund to accurately value these 
securities. In the event that a Fund disposes of a portfolio security after it is downgraded. the 
Fund may experience a greater loss than if such security had been sold prior to the downgrade. 
Interest Rate Risk. The values of debt instruments held by a Fund may fall in response to 
increases in interest rates. In general, the values of debt securities fall in response to increases 
in interest rates, and rise in response to decreases in interest rates. The value of a security 
with a longer duration will be more sensitive to increases in interest rates than a similar 
security with a shorter duration. Duration is a measure of the expected life of a bond that is 
used to determine the sensitivity of a security's price to changes in interest rates. For 
example, the price of a bond fund with an average duration of three years generally would be 
expected to fall approximately 3% if interest rates rose by one percentage point. Inverse 
floaters, interest-only and principal-only securities are especially sensitive to interest rate 
changes, which can affect not only their prices but can also change the income flows and 
repayment assumptions for those investments. Adjustable rate instruments also react to 
interest rate changes in a similar manner, although generally to a lesser degree (depending, 
however, on the characteristics of the reset terms, including the index chosen, frequency of 
reset and reset caps or floors, among other things). Given the current historically low 
interest rate environment, risks associated with rising rates are heightened. 
If interest rates rise, repayments of principal on certain debt securities. including loans, may 
occur at a slower rate than expected and the expected length of repayment of those securities 
could increase as a result (i.e.. extension risk). Securities that are subject to extension risk 
generally have a greater potential for loss when prevailing interest rates rise, which could cause 
their values to fall sharply. Prepayment risk results from borrowers paying debt securities prior 
to their maturity date. When a prepayment happens. all or a portion of the obligation will be 
prepaid. A borrower is more likely to prepay an obligation which bears a relatively high rate of 
interest. This means that in times of declining interest rates. a portion of a Fund's higher 
yielding securities are likely to be pre-paid and the Fund will probably be unable to reinvest 
those proceeds in an investment with as high a yield. A decline in income received by a Fund 
from its investments is likely to have a negative effect on the yield and total return of the 
Fund's shares. 
Swaps. Investments in swaps involve the exchange by a Fund with another party of all or a 
portion of their respective interests or commitments. In the case of currency swaps. a Fund 
may exchange with another party their respective commitments to pay or receive currency. 
Use of swaps subjects a Fund to risk of default by the counterparty. If there is a default by the 
counterpart), to such a transaction, a Fund will have contractual remedies pursuant to the 
agreements related to the transaction. There are currently a large number of banks and 
investments banking firms acting both as principals and agents and utilizing standardized swap 
documentation. As a result, swap markets are generally relatively liquid in comparison with the 
market for other similar instruments that are traded in the interbank market. In times of 
market turmoil, however, spreads can widen substantially and these markets can become very 
illiquid with the result that positions may not be able to be offset or closed out at a reasonable 
price, if at all. 
A Fund may also enter into currency. interest rate, total return or other swaps that may be 
surrogates for other instruments such as currency forwards and interest rate options. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039106 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185290 
EFTA01354511

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354512.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354512.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi 25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Generally, the value of such instruments depends upon price movements in the underlying 
assets as well as counterpart), risk. 
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs). A Fund may invest in shares of REITs. which are pooled 
investment vehicles that invest in real estate or real estate loans or interests. Investing in REITs 
involves risks similar to those associated with investing in equity securities of small 
capitalization companies. REITs are dependent upon management skills. are not diversified. and 
are subject to risks of project financing, default by borrowers. self-liquidation, and the 
possibilities of failing to qualify for the exemption from taxation on distributed amounts under 
the Code. 
Cybersecurity Risk. Where a Fund is a private equity fund, a cyber-attack on a portfolio company 
may have a negative effect on the underlying private equity fund. To the extent that a portfolio 
company is subject to cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is gained to a portfolio 
company's systems. such portfolio company may be subject to substantial losses. In certain 
events, a portfolio company's failure or deemed failure to address and mitigate cybersecurity 
risks may be the subject of civil litigation or regulatory or other action. Any such 
circumstances could subject a portfolio company, or the relevant Fund, to substantial losses. In 
addition, in the event that such a cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is directed at 
iCapital or one of its service providers holding its financial or investor data. iCapital, its 
affiliates or the Funds may also be at risk of loss, despite efforts to prevent and mitigate such 
risks under iCapital's policies. 
Please refer to the applicable Fund's or Underlying Fund's PPM for further details. 
Item 9: Disciplinary Information 
iCapital does not believe that there have been any legal or disciplinary events that are material 
to our advisory business or the integrity of our management 
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations 
iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities") 
Affiliated Broker-Dealer. Institutional Capital Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital, is 
the sole member of iCapital Securities. iCapital Securities is a broker-dealer registered with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). and a member of the Financial Industry 
Regulatory Authority, Inc. ("FINRA"). iCapital Securities is also registered as a limited purpose 
broker-dealer with those state securities authorities where it services clients and is not 
otherwise exempt from such registration. iCapital Securities acts as a broker-dealer in respect 
of each of iCapital's private placements. (See Item 14 below for additional information). See 
"Conflicts of Interest" in Item I I below for a description of how the Adviser addresses any 
conflicts of interest created by iCapital's relationship with iCapital Securities. 
Gen II Fund Services, LLC and Gen II Hedge Fund Services ("Gen II") 
Fund Administrator. Certain Principals of Gen II are minority owners of Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital. Gen II provides fund administration services to 
the Private Access Funds. In this capacity. Gen II provides iCapital accounting and investor 
reporting. capital call and distribution processing and investor support services. 
This 
relationship may create an incentive to select Gen II to provide services in respect of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039107 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185291 
EFTA01354512

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354513.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354513.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Funds. The Gen II relationship will be managed by several iCapital executives. 
BNY Capital Corporation ("BNY") 
BNY holds a minority ownership interest in Institutional Capital Network, Inc., the parent 
company of iCapital. Certain of the Funds hold cash in accounts at BNY and utilize BNY 
administrative services. This relationship may create an incentive to select BNY to provide 
services in respect of the Funds. 
iCapital Investors 
A number of asset managers have invested in Institutional Capital Network, Inc.. the parent 
company of iCapital, including affiliates of BlackRock, Inc. ("BlackRock") and Credit Suisse 
Group AG ("Credit Suisse"). iCapital may offer products managed or sponsored by such 
investors as BlackRock and Credit Suisse or its affiliates and these relationships may create an 
incentive to select BlackRock or Credit Suisse products as the underlying fund in an iCapital 
Private Access Fund. 
In addition. select financial services companies. including affiliates of Morgan Stanley Smith 
Barney ("Morgan Stanley") and UBS Financial Services ("UBS") have made equity investments 
in Institutional Capital Network. Inc. iCapital may offer Private Access Funds to clients of 
Morgan Stanley and UBS and such investment in iCapital's parent may create an additional 
incentive for Morgan Stanley and UBS to direct its investments to an iCapital Private Access 
Fund. 
Finally, iCapital has and may continue to engage with certain of its equity investors to provide 
services to the Funds. including administration or other services. iCapital will manage these 
conflicts by identifying them in the applicable Fund offering documents and if applicable, by 
maintaining its independent diligence process and procedures, regardless of the identity of the 
underlying manager, and by negotiating on an arms-length basis the terms of any service 
providers to the Funds, including any equity investors in iCapital. 
Item I I: Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions and 
Personal Trading 
Code of Ethics Pursuant to Rule 204A-I of the Advisers Act 
Pursuant to Rule 204A- I of the Advisers Act, iCapital has adopted a Code of Ethics that 
establishes various procedures with respect to investment transactions in accounts in which 
employees of iCapital or related persons have a beneficial interest or accounts over which an 
employee has investment discretion. 
iCapital's Code of Ethics was adopted to avoid possible conflicts of interest and ensure the 
propriety of our employees' and principals' trading activity. iCapital's Code of Ethics prohibits 
insider trading and provides instructions to employees when coming into possession of 
material nonpublic information. 
The foundation of the Code of Ethics is based on the underlying principles that: 
- 
Employees must at all times place the interests of the client first: 
- 
Employees must make sure that all personal securities transactions are conducted 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039108 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185292 
EFTA01354513

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354514.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354514.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
consistent with the Code of Ethics: and 
Employees should not take inappropriate advantage of their position. 
Employees (and any accounts in which an employee has beneficial ownership) must obtain 
written authorization from the CCO prior to making a personal investment in other private 
investment vehicles. The Code of Ethics also provides that the CCO (or his designee) will 
monitor employee investments in equity securities or other instruments: however, because the 
Sub-Advisers of the Direct Investment Funds maintain investment and trading authority on 
behalf of the Direct Investment Funds which should minimize any conflicts of interest that may 
arise out of the employees' personal trading activities. Furthermore, iCapital generally provides 
to each Sub-Adviser a list of companies at which any of iCapital's related persons has a 
material financial interest (e.g., board membership) so that such Sub-Adviser may include such 
company on its own restricted list. The spirit of the Code of Ethics is to discourage frequent 
trading in personal employee accounts. Employees also may not participate in any initial public 
offerings or engage in any outside business activities or private placements without obtaining 
prior written authorization from the CCO. iCapital's Code of Ethics is available upon request 
Participation or Interest in Client Transactions 
iCapital serves as the investment adviser to the Funds. Employees, affiliates of the employees, 
and relatives of the employees may make investments in the Funds. iCapital may waive or 
reduce fees in respect of any Investor and generally intends to waive the fees in respect of any 
employees of iCapital and certain affiliates and estate-planning vehicles thereof. 
Each Underlying Manager or Sub-Adviser, as applicable, is responsible for making portfolio 
investments for any Fund it manages. Neither iCapital nor the Funds have any discretion or 
control over an Underlying Manager's or Sub-Adviser's decisions. 
Conflicts of Interest 
iCapital and its related entities engage in a broad range of activities, including investment 
activities for their own account and for the account of other investment funds, and providing 
transaction-related, investment advisory, management and other services to funds. In the 
ordinary course of conducting its activities, the interests of a Fund may conflict with the 
interests of iCapital. other Funds or their respective affiliates. Certain of these conflicts of 
interest, as well as a description of how iCapital addresses such conflicts of interest, can be 
found below. 
Compensation from Underlying Fund Managers. iCapital Securities, LLC may receive a placement 
fee as a result of its placement of certain investors in certain Private Access Funds. Such 
placement fee is typically a percentage of the aggregate capital commitments of an iCapital 
Private Access Fund to its respective underlying fund. The existence of such placement fee 
could create a potential conflict of interest The prospect of receiving such compensation 
creates an incentive for iCapital Securities. LLC to place investors in the iCapital Private 
Access Funds from which it receives a placement fee over other investment vehicles from 
which it does not receive a placement fee. In addition. iCapital may retain and compensate 
registered investment advisers or placement agents for the purpose of marketing and selling 
the interests. 
Any such arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or 
placement agent to recommend the interests to investors where they might not otherwise 
make such recommendation or to recommend the interests to investors over another 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039109 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185293 
EFTA01354514

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354515.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment. Certain management persons of iCapital (or its affiliates) are also involved with 
soliciting investment advisers to participate in iCapital offered funds and in performing diligence 
on such investment advisers with which to launch access vehicles. Such relationship may 
create potential conflicts of interest. iCapital addresses these conflicts by providing in its Code 
of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best interests of each investor 
and by providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of interest and how 
such conflicts are resolved under the iCapital's policies and procedures. 
Furthermore. 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based compensation 
received by iCapital Securities (or its affiliates). 
Fees Paid by Brokerage Limited Partners. Limited partners in one or more of the Funds may elect 
to be treated as "brokerage limited partners" and in connection therewith, pay a larger 
management fee than limited partners that are not "brokerage limited partners" for reporting, 
administrative and other services provided by such brokerage limited partner's registered 
investment adviser or adviser representative. The amount of any such additional management 
fee will generally be allocated to third parties or affiliates that provide investor-related 
services, including such brokerage limited partner's adviser representative. The existence of 
such fee may incentivize an investor's registered investment adviser or adviser representative 
to recommend a Fund over other investments from which such registered investment adviser 
or adviser representative would not receive such fee. 
Estimates. The governing documents of each Fund provide that values of the Fund's assets shall 
generally be calculated by the Fund's administrator based on estimates provided by the 
applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-Adviser. The Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-
Adviser will have a conflict of interest in determining such valuations if the applicable Fund 
charges its fees based on the value of the Fund's investments, including any performance-based 
compensation charged by such Fund. The general partner (or its affiliates, as applicable) of each 
Fund may also benefit from any overvaluation of an Underlying Fund's investments if the 
management fee for those Funds is based on the net asset value of a Fund's investment in the 
Underlying Fund. 
Educational Programs. iCapital may, from time to time, offer (and. under certain circumstances, 
subsidize) certain educational and professional certification programs for financial advisers that 
recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network platform. The provision of 
such programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such programs may 
incentivize the advisers that participate in such programming to recommend iCapital and interests 
in iCapital Private Access Funds over a manager or administrative agent who has not provided such 
educational opportunities. A prospective investor should carefully consider such conflict when 
determining whether to subscribe for Interests. 
Privacy Policy 
iCapital is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of our Investors' 
personal information. It is iCapital's policy to collect only information necessary or relevant to 
our management business and use only legitimate means to collect such information. iCapital 
does not disclose any non-public, personal information about our Investors to anyone except 
as needed for servicing and processing transactions, as consented to by an investor and 
required by law. iCapital restricts access to non-public, personal information about our 
Investors to those employees with a legitimate business need for the information. iCapital 
maintains security practices, physical. electronic and procedural safeguards to guard each 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039110 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185294 
EFTA01354515

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354516.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Investor's non-public, personal information. Upon request, iCapital will provide a copy of our 
written privacy policies and procedures. 
Item 12: Brokerage Practices 
With respect to the Private Access Funds. iCapital generally will not make investments in 
securities listed on national exchanges. However, there may be limited situations where we are 
allocated a listed security and need to place trade(s) through a broker. In such circumstances, 
we will seek "best execution" in light of the circumstances involved in the transaction. In 
selecting a broker for any transaction, we may consider a number of factors, including, for 
example, broker's reputation, net price or spread. reputation. financial strength and stability. 
market access, efficiency of execution and error resolution, and the size of the transaction. In 
seeking to achieve best execution, iCapital will not be obligated to obtain the lowest 
commission or best net price for a Private Access Fund in respect of any particular transaction. 
Further, in respect of each Direct Access Fund, iCapital has selected a Sub-Adviser that had 
been delegated trading authority on behalf of the applicable Direct Access Fund. In selecting 
brokers to effect portfolio transactions for a Direct Access Fund, the applicable Sub-Adviser 
will not be obligated to seek the lowest available transaction cost, but may take into account 
such factors as the Sub-Adviser considers appropriate and consistent with its obligation to 
seek best execution as outlined in the Sub-Adviser's order execution policy, including, without 
limitation, the financial stability and reputation of the brokerage firm and its research, and 
brokerage services as a broker-dealer. A Sub-Adviser may use "soft dollar" credits generated 
by a Direct Access Fund's securities transactions with broker-dealers to pay for research and 
execution products or services that fall within the safe harbor created by Section 28(e) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. See the applicable PPM for additional details regarding a Sub-
Adviser's brokerage policies. 
Item 13: Review of Accounts 
The Funds' performance and the performance of the Underlying Funds, as applicable, and the 
Underlying Funds' conformity with the investment objectives and guidelines are reviewed on a 
periodic basis by iCapital's Manager Due Diligence and Origination team. 
Investors in Funds structured as private equity funds will generally receive quarterly statements 
detailing their account information including the account's beginning and ending equity. and the 
account's performance for that period. Investors in Funds structured as hedge funds will 
generally receive monthly statements detailing the Fund's NAV. We may provide certain 
Investors in the Fund access to more frequent and detailed information as determined by 
iCapital. Additionally, each investor will receive the particular Funds' audited financial 
statements for which they are invested, within I80 days of such Funds' fiscal year end. 
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other Compensation 
iCapital Securities. LLC. an affiliate of iCapital, acts as the broker-dealer for private placement 
of interests of the Funds. iCapital Advisors does not receive any placement fees. Any 
placement fees generated from an investment by a Private Access Fund in an Underlying Fund 
will be paid to iCapital Securities by an Underlying Fund Manager (or its affiliates). From time 
to time, third- party broker-dealers may assist iCapital in the private placement of interests of 
the Funds. Any such third party is required to provide prospective clients with a current copy 
of iCapital's Part 2A of Form ADV. Typically, such third-party broker-dealer referring the 
investor will receive a percentage of the placement fee generated with respect to such 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039111 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185295 
EFTA01354516

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354517.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354517.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
referred Investor's investment in a Fund, in which case such payment will be made by iCapital 
Securities. 
In respect of any Investors that elect to be treated as "Brokerage Limited Partners," iCapital 
will allocate a portion of the Management Fee it receives in respect of such Investors to certain 
broker-dealers or registered investment advisors for services provided by such broker-dealer 
or registered investment advisor to such Investor's account. Please refer to the applicable 
Fund's PPM for further details. 
iCapital has entered into collaboration and services agreements with Fidelity Brokerage 
Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC (collectively, referred to as "Fidelity") 
pursuant to which the iCapital compensates Fidelity for providing certain administrative 
services in respect of investors who custody their investment in one or more iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not bear any Fidelity 
custodial fees in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of iCapital. is typically a 
percentage of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital Private Access Funds. 
Further, iCapital's affiliate. Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has committed CO an annual 
marketing spend with Fidelity through which it will promote the iCapital network to Fidelity's 
platform of registered investment advisers and brokers. The existence of such compensation 
arrangements could create a potential conflict of interest. 
Any such compensation 
arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or any third party registered investment 
adviser or broker to recommend the interests in the iCapital Private Access Funds to 
investors where they might not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Item IS: Custody 
Advisers with custody of client funds and securities must maintain them with "Qualified 
Custodians" unless such advisers have custody of only certain privately offered securities as 
defined in Rule 206(4)-2(b)(2) of the Advisers Act. "Qualified Custodians" under the amended 
rule include banks and savings associations and registered broker-dealers. 
However, advisers to fund-of-funds, which most of the Funds are categorized as. comply with 
the custody rule by: (i) having each Fund audited at least annually by an independent registered 
public accounting firm which is registered with the public company accounting oversight board; 
and (ii) distributing audited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles to all investors (or members or other beneficial owners) within 
I 80 days of the end of the fiscal year of the Fund. For a Fund that is a fund-of-funds. iCapital 
will distribute the audited financial statements within 180 days of the end of the fiscal year to 
the Investors. For a Fund that is not a fund-of-funds, iCapital will distribute the audited financial 
statements within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to the Investors. 
Item 16: Investment Discretion 
iCapital has discretionary authority to make investment decisions for the Funds. Generally, our 
authority is limited by our own internal policies and procedures. and each Fund's investment 
guidelines and other terms contained within the governing documents. 
The investment guidelines governing the Firm's management of the Funds are specified under 
the limited partnership agreement. where investment limits are intended to minimize 
investment risk and maximize return. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039112 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185296 
EFTA01354517

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354518.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354518.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Item 17: Voting Client Securities 
In respect of the Private Access Funds. iCapital does not anticipate owning any equity 
securities granting us the right to vote proxies. Investors in any Private Access Fund will not be 
Limited Partners of the Underlying Fund and will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund. 
For purposes of exercising any voting rights under the Underlying Funds' constituent 
documents. iCapital intends to vote in the best interest of each Fund and may request that the 
Investors in the applicable Fund vote on certain matters that the Fund is asked to vote on with 
respect to its investment in an Underlying Fund. 
In respect of the Direct Investment Funds. iCapital has delegated the obligation to vote all 
proxies which are solicited in respect of such Funds' investments to the Sub-Adviser and any 
such proxies shall be voted in accordance with the Sub-Adviser's proxy voting procedures. 
However. iCapital has established a Proxy Voting Policy in the event that it is required to vote 
a proxy for certain investments. iCapital will vote proxies as it deems necessary or 
appropriate, on a case by case basis. Prior to voting, the CCO will make a determination as to 
whether a material conflict of interest exists and will either resolve the conflict or refer the 
proxy vote to an outside service for its independent consideration. Upon request. we will 
provide an Investor with a copy of our proxy voting policies and procedures and information 
on how the proxies were voted. 
Item 18: Financial Information 
Registered investment advisers are required in this Item to provide you with certain financial 
information or disclosures about the Firm's financial condition. iCapital has no financial 
commitment that impairs its ability to meet contractual and fiduciary commitments to clients 
and has not been the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039113 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185297 
EFTA01354518

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354519.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354519.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
FORM ADV PART 2B: Brochure Supplement 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
New York, NY 10165 
March 30, 2018 
This Brochure Supplement provides information about Eileen Duff Blalock, Phil Pool, John Robertshaw, 
Daniel Vene and Nicholas Veronis that supplements the iCapital Advisors, LLC's Form ADV Brochure. 
Please contact Michael Stanton, iCapital Advisors, LLC's Chief Compliance Officer, at 
or by email at IMa 
if you did not receive iCapital Advisors, LLC's Brochure 
or if you have any questions about the contents of this supplement. 
Additional information about iCapital Advisors, LLC is available on the SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039114 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185298 
EFTA01354519

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354520.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 28 
Eileen Duff Blalock 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Ms. Blalock is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Ms. Blalock is Managing Partner 
and Head of Distribution for iCapital Network where she is responsible for sales, relationship 
management and investor relations supporting the RIA, broker-dealer, private banking and family office 
communities. Prior to joining iCapital, Eileen was Head of Alternative Investments, North America at 
Credit Suisse, where she built and oversaw the origination and distribution functions for private equity, 
hedge funds, managed futures, real estate and other key alternative asset classes. Previously. Ms. Blalock 
was with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette where she was responsible for global marketing in the private 
client group. She is a graduate of University of Delaware and holds FINRA Series 7 and 24 licenses. 
Disciplinary Information 
Ms. Blalock has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Ms. Blalock is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and Principal of iCapital Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, she does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Ms. Blalock for compliance purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039115 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185299 
EFTA01354520

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354521.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 2B 
Phil Pool 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Pool is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Pool is Co-Founder and 
Chairman of the Board of iCapital Network. He also serves as Co-Chairman of First Avenue Partners, a 
placement agent firm based in London and New York. Most recently, Mr. Pool was a partner of Willis 
Stein & Partners, a Chicago-based private equity firm. Previously, he worked as a Managing Director of 
Credit Suisse following CSFB's acquisition of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation where 
he co-founded and headed the Private Fund Group. From 1985 to 1994, he was an investment banker 
with Merrill Lynch, and from 1980 to 1985, he was an investment banker with Kidder, Peabody & Co. 
Mr. Pool received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University and a B.S. degree from the McIntire 
School of Commerce of the University of Virginia. He serves on the Board of Directors of The Teagle 
Foundation. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Pool has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Pool is a Board Member at iCapital Network and Principal of iCapital Securities, LLC. He further 
serves as Co-Chairman of First Avenue Partners. In order to minimize any conflicts of interest with 
iCapital Securities, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital Advisors are 
instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
Mr. Pool is compensated by First Avenue Partners. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton. iCapital's CCO. supervises Mr. Pool for compliance purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039116 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185300 
EFTA01354521

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354522.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354522.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 28 
John C. Robertshaw 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Robertshaw is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Robertshaw is a Co-
Founder and Special Advisor to iCapital Network. Until 2016. he served as a Vice Chairman of Credit 
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. He served as Co-Head of the Private Fund Group at Credit Suisse from 
2004 through 2013, during which time the Private Fund Group represented more than 170 funds raising 
in excess of $250 billion. He also served as a member of the Asset Management Operating Committee 
as well as the Alternative Investments Operating Committee at Credit Suisse. Mr. Robertshaw joined 
Credit Suisse in November 2000. when the Bank merged with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. where he 
was a Managing Director in the Private Fund Group. Mr. Robertshaw joined DLJ in September 1995 
from Salomon Brothers, where he was in charge of Private Equity Placements. He spent seven years 
with Salomon, the last five as a private placement specialist. Mr. Robertshaw received a B.A in English 
Literature from Yale University. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Robertshaw has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be 
disclosed in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Robertshaw is a Special Advisor to iCapital Network and iCapital Securities. LLC. In order to 
minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO. supervises Mr. Robertshaw for compliance purposes. Mr. 
Stanton's contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039117 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185301 
EFTA01354522

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354523.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 28 
Daniel Vene 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Vene is a member of Capital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Vene is Co-Founder and one of 
the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he leads enterprise-level platform integration with 
banks, asset managers. wirehouses and other large-scale organizations. Prior to founding iCapital, Mr. 
Vene was head of private real estate capital raising at Fir Tree Partners, a $12.5 billion AUM multi-
strategy investment firm. He was also formerly a partner at Eaton Partners where he was responsible 
for real estate and real asset fund origination, structuring, and distribution. Mr. Vene previously was 
Founder and CEO of Earnings.com, a leading financial database and aggregator of corporate events, 
which was acquired by Thomson Financial in 2001. He received a B.S. degree in finance and marketing 
from Cornell University, and is a member of PREA and NCREIF. He holds FINRA licenses Series 7 and 
as well as an FSA license. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Vene has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at Capital Network and employee of iCapital Securities. LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Vene for compliance purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039118 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185302 
EFTA01354523

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354524.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354524.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi2S Gerald Ford 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 28 
Nicholas Veronis 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Veronis is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Veronis is Co-Founder and 
one of the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he oversees origination and due diligence. Mr. 
Veronis spent 11 years at Veronis Suhler Stevenson, a middle market private equity firm where he was a 
Managing Director responsible for originating and structuring investment opportunities. At VSS, he 
specialized in the business information services sector and helped spearhead the firm's investment 
strategy in the financial software and data sector. Mr. Veronis was previously an operating advisor to 
Atlas Advisors, an independent investment bank based in New York. He began his career as a financial 
journalist for The Boston Business Journal, was a reporter for The Star-Ledger, and an associate in the 
New Media Division of Newhouse Newspapers. He holds a BA degree in economics from Trinity College 
and FINRA licenses Series 7, 79 and 63. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Veronis has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at Capital Network and employee of iCapital Securities. LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Veronis for compliance purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039119 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185303 
EFTA01354524

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354525.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354525.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Execution Version 
Proprietary and Confidential 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
OF 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
(A Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Dated as of April 11, 2018 
THE LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS (THE "INTERESTS") OF GLENDOWER ACCESS 
SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. (THE "PARTNERSHIP') REPRESENTED BY THIS 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), 
THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS, IN 
RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS, AND ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON 
TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS 
PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND THE APPLICABLE 
STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE 
RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, A LIMITED PARTNER MAY NOT SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, 
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF ALL OR ANY PART OF SUCH LIMITED PARTNER'S 
INTEREST IN THE PARTNERSHIP UNLESS THE GENERAL PARTNER (AS DEFINED HEREIN) 
HAS CONSENTED THERETO. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039120 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185304 
EFTA01354525

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354526.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354526.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI26 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
ARTICLE 1- DEFINITIONS .»»»..»»»..»».... 
Definitions 
ARTICLE 2 - ORGANIZATION; POWERS..— ..... --.—..- ...... --..-..- ........ 
2.1 
Continuation of Limited Partnership. 
2.2 
Maine; Offices 
2.3 
Purpose; Powers. 
ARTICLE 3 - PARTNERS 
3.1 
Moines. Addresses and Subscriptions. 
3.2 
Status of Limited Partners. 
3.2.1 
Limited Liability 
3.2.2 
Effect of Death. Dissolution or Bankruptcy.  
3.2.3 
No Control of Partnership.  
3.3 
Additional Limited Partners. 
3.3.1 
Additional Subscriptions Before Final Closing Date.  
3.3.2 
Accession to Agreement. 
3.3.3 
Anti-Money Laundering Provisions. 
3.4 
Management and Control of Partnership 
3.4.1 
Management by General Partner 
3.4.2 
Powers of General Partner 
3.4.3 
Outside Business.  
3.5 
Alternative Investment Vehicles.  
3.6 
Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds. 
ARTICLE 4- INVESTMENTS AND ACTIVITIES 
4.1 
Investment Guidelines 
4.2 
Bonoxings 
4.3 
ERISA Compliance. 
ARTICLE 5 - FEES AND EXPENSES 
5.1 
Organizational Expenses. 
5.2 
Partnership Expenses and Management Fee 
5.2.1 
Pay ment of Expenses 
5.2.2 
Management Fee. 
ARTICLE 6 - CAPITAL OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
6.1 
Obligation to Contribute 
6.1.1 In General 
6.1.2 
Initial Capital Contributions 
6.1.3 
Additional Contributions; Deficiency Drawdowns. 
6.1.4 
Procedure for Notice of Capital Calls; Rescission or Postponement 
6.1.5 
Offsets Against Distributions; No Interest or Withdrawals 
6.1.6 
General Partners Authority to Reduce Subscriptions 
6.1.7 
Subscription of the General Partner 
6.2 
Return of Certain Amounts Subject to Subsequent Drawdown. 
6.2.1 
Unused Contributions 
6.2.2 
Return of Contributions upon Admission of Additional Partner 
6.2.3 
Effect of Return of Contributions 
6.3 
Failure to Make Required Payment 
6.3.1 
Interest 
ilendcmcr Aocoss Secondary l>pporlumnes IV (U.S.). l..P. 
.1mendo.l and Rt-naled Limited Parthership Agreornesil 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039121 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185305 
EFTA01354526

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354527.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
6.3.2 
Default 
6.3.3 
Bifurcated Default. 
6.3.4 
Assignment of Partner Contributions. 
ARTICLE 7 - DISTRIBUTIONS... 
—.21 
7.1 
Amount. Timing and Form 
7.1.1 
General. 
7.1.2 
Distribution of Proceeds of Investments 
7.2 
Discretionary Distributions.  
7.2.1 
General. 
7.2.2 
Operational Rules 
7.3 
Special Distributions. 
7.4 
Payment of Taxes 
7.4.1 
General. 
7.4.2 
Tax Liability 
7.4.3 
Partnership Obligation 
7.5 
Certain Distributions Prohibited 
ARTICLE 8 - CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS 
8.1 
Capital Accounts. 
8.1.1 
Creation and Maintenance 
8.1.2 
Timing of Allocations.  
8.1.3 
Compliance with Treasury Regulations 
8.2 
Allocations of Net Gain or Loss. 
8.2.1 
Net Gain and Net Loss. Generally 
8.2.2 
Special Allocations of Items of Loss or Deduction 
8.2.3 
Allocations Following a Default 
8.3 
Other Specially Allocated Items 
8.4 
Admission of Additional Partners. 
ARTICLE 9- DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
9.1 
Term of Partnership 
9.2 
Dissolution Upon Withdrawal of General Panner 
9.3 
Dissolution by the General Partner 
ARTICLE 10 - LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION 
10.1 
General.  
10.2 
Liquidating Distributions 
10.3 
Expenses of Liquidator 
10.4 
Duration of Liquidation. 
10.5 
Liability for Returns 
10.5.1 General. 
10.5.2 Limited Partner Obligations. 
ARTICLE 11- LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
11.1 
Transfers of Limited Partnership Interests.  
11.1.1 General. 
11.1.2 Consent of General Partner.  
11.1.3 No Public Trading in Partnership Interests 
11.1.4 No Recognition of Certain Transfers 
11.1.5 Required Representations by Parties. 
11.1.6 Other Prohibited Legal Consequences.  
11.1.7 Opinion of Counsel.  
11.1.8 Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses. 
11.2 
Admission of Substituted Limited Partners 
11.2.1 General.  
rilendrmer Access Sceondar,.. Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
.Amaided and Rattled Limited Partnership Agreanian 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039122 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185308 
EFTA01354527

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354528.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354528.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.2.2 Effect of Admission 
11.3 
Non-Compliant Transfer.  
11.4 
Multiple Ownership 
11.5 
No Withdrawal Rights 
11.6 
Removal of a Limited Partner. 
11.7 
Look-Through Treatment 
ARTICLE 12 - EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 
12.1 
Exculpation. 
12.1.1 General. 
12.1.2 Activities of Others.  
12.1.3 Liquidator 
12.1.4 Advice of Experts 
12.2 
Indemnification.  
12.2.1 General. 
12.2.2 Limitation on Indemnification. 
12.2.3 Advance Payment of Expenses 
12.2.4 Insurance. 
12.2.5 Successors.  
12.2.6 Rights to Indemnification from Other Sources 
12.2.7 Discretionary Limitation by General Partner.  
12.3 
Limitation by Law. 
12.4 
Return of Certain Distributions. 
ARTICLE 13 - AMENDMENTS, VOTING AND CONSENTS 
13.1 
Amendments 
13.1.1 Consent of Partners.  
13.1.2 Amendments Affecting Partners' Economic Rights 
13.1.3 Consent to Amend ERISA Provisions 
13.1.4 Notice of Amendments 
13.1.5 Negative Consent. 
13.2 
Voting and Consents. 
ARTICLE 14 - ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS .»..»»».. 
14.1 
Keeping of Accounts and Records; Certificate of Limited Partnership 
14.1.1 Accounts and Records  
14.1.2 Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
14.2 
Financial Reports 
14.2.1 Annual Financial Statements 
14.2.2 Annual Tax Information. 
14.2.3 Quarterly Reports. 
14.2.4 Information Rights.  
14.3 
Valuation. 
14.3.1 Valuation by General Partner. 
14.3.2 Freely Tradable Securities 
14.3.3 Other Assets.  
14.3.4 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
14.4 
Notices 
14.5 
Accounting Provisions 
14.5.1 Fiscal Year 
14.5.2 Independent Accountants 
14.6 
Tax Provisions 
14.6.1 Classification as Partnership 
14.6.2 Tax Matters Partner. Partner Tax Information; FATCA. 
14.6.3 Section 1045 Rollovers 
14.6.4 Electing Investment Partnership 
61011d(Mtir ACCCSS Socondary l>pporlumnes IV (U.S.). l..P. 
Amended and Restaled Limited Paint-Mani Agreorneni 
iii 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039123 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185307 
EFTA01354528

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354529.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354529.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.6.5 Tax Reporting Consistency.  
14.7 
General Provisions.  
14.7.1 Power of Attorney. 
14.7.2 Execution of Additional Documents. 
14.7.3 Limited Partner Information. 
14.7.4 Binding on Successors 
14.7.5 Governing Law and Remedies for Breach 
14.7.6 Waiver of Partition  
14.7.7 Securities Law Matters. 
14.7.8 Confidentiality 
14.7.9 Contract Construction; Headings; Counterparts 
14.7.10 Arbitration. 
14.7.11 Side Letters 
14.7.12 Entire Agreement 
14.7.13 Bad Actor Disqualification Information 
Appendix I 
Definitions 
Appendix II 
Regulatory and Tax Allocations 
61011d01Wr ACCCSS Socondary l>pportumnes IV (U.S.). 
IV 
Amended and Restaled Limited Paint-Mani Agreonnan 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039124 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185308 
EFTA01354529

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354530.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354530.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi2S Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
AMENDED ANT) RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSI-M, AGREEMENT, dated as of April 11, 2018 (this 
"Agreement"), by and among Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC, as the sole 
general partner (the "General Partner"), and those firms, corporations and other Persons listed on the List 
of Partners as limited partners who execute a counterpart of this Agreement (the "Limited Partners"). The 
General Partner and the Limited Partners are sometimes referred to herein collectively as the "Partners." 
WHEREAS, by an agreement dated January 8*, 2018 and made by and between the General 
Partner and the Initial Limited Partner (the "Initial Agreement"), the General Partner and the Initial 
Limited Partner formed Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Partnership") 
by the filing of the Certificate of Limited Partnership with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State 
of Delaware on January 8th, 2018. 
WHEREAS, on the date hereof, the General Partner desires to admit additional persons to the 
Partnership as Limited Partners and the Initial Limited Partner desires to withdraw from the Partnership; 
and 
WHEREAS, in connection with such admissions and withdrawal, the parties desire to amend and 
restate the Initial Agreement. 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby amend and restate the Initial Agreement to read in its 
entirety as follows: 
ARTICLE 1- DEFINITIONS 
DEFINITIONS. 
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings assigned to them in 
Appendix I hereto. As used herein, the term "Partner" shall also include, as applicable in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, any Persons for whom an Approved Agent is recorded on the books and records 
of the Partnership as nominee or agent, notwithstanding that such Partner is not recorded on the books 
and records. 
ARTICLE 2 - ORGANIZATION; POWERS 
2.1 
CONTINUATION OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. 
The Partners agree to continue the Partnership subject to the terms of this Agreement in accordance with 
the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as amended from time to time (the "Delaware 
Act"), and the Initial Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety by its deletion and 
replacement by this Agreement. The Initial Limited Partner hereby withdraws from the Partnership 
simultaneously with the admission of the first additional Limited Partner, and none of the Partners shall 
have any claim against the Initial Limited Partner as such. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limit 
Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039125 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185309 
EFTA01354530

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354531.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354531.pdf
----------------------------------------
GIDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
2.2 
NAME; OFFICES. 
The name of the Partnership is "Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P.' The 
Partnership shall have the exclusive right to use such name as long as the Partnership continues. The 
name of the Partnership may be changed at any time by the General Partner without the consent or 
approval of the Limited Partners. The principal office of the Partnership shall be located initially at do 
Institutional Capital Network. Inc., 60 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10165. The initial address of the 
Partnership's registered office in Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, 
County of New Castle, and its initial registered agent at such address for service of process is The 
Corporation Trust Company. The General Partner may change the locations of the principal office and 
registered office of the Partnership to such other locations, and may change the registered agent of the 
Partnership in Delaware to such other Person, as the General Partner may specify from time to time. The 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, may cause the Partnership to open additional offices. 
2.3 
PURPOSE; POWERS. 
The principal purpose of the Partnership is to make, hold and dispose of an investment in the Underlying 
Fund and to engage in any activities incidental thereto, including holding funds in cash or investment 
funds in short tenn investments pending utilization. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the 
Partnership may engage in any and all activities necessary, desirable or incidental to the accomplishment 
of the foregoing and any other activity that is lawful for, and shall have all of the powers available to, a 
limited partnership organized under the Delaware Act. 
The General Partner, in its discretion, may, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' 
Subscriptions to the Partnership for investment into the Underlying Fund. Such reserved commitment 
amounts may be used in accordance with 6.1.3. However, the General Partner is not required to set aside 
any such amounts and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Underlying 
Fund resulting in an over-commitment of the of the Partnership (i.e., the Partnership's commitment 
amount to the Underlying Fund, together with any expenses of the Partnership would be greater than the 
total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscription to the Partnership). 
ARTICLE 3 - PARTNERS 
3.1 
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND SUBSCRIPTIONS. 
The name, address, facsimile number, electronic mail address and Subscription of each Partner arc set 
forth in the List of Partners. The General Partner shall cause the List of Partners to be revised, without 
the necessity of obtaining the consent of any other Partner, to reflect any changes in the information 
contained thereon occurring pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Each Partner shall promptly 
provide the Partnership with the information required to be set forth for such Partner on the List of 
Partners and shall thereafter promptly notify the Partnership of any change to such information. 
3.2 
STATUS OF LIMITED PARTNERS. 
3.2.1 
Limited Liability. 
No Limited Partner, in its capacity as such, shall be liable for the debts and obligations of the Partnership 
so long as such Limited Partner does not take part in the control of the business of the Partnership; 
provided, however, that each Limited Partner shall be required to pay to the Partnership (a) any unpaid 
capital contributions that such Limited Partner has agreed to make to the Partnership pursuant to 
Article 6. to the extent provided in Section 17-502(a) and (b) of the Delaware Act; (b) the amount of any 
Olendov,er Accetcc Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreaneni 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039126 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185310 
EFTA01354531

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354532.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354532.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
distribution that such Limited Partner is required to return to the Partnership pursuant to the Delaware 
Act; and (c) the unpaid balance of any other payments that such Limited Partner expressly is required to 
make to the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, 3.3.1 or 12.4, or 
pursuant to such Limited Partner's subscription agreement, if any. 
3.2.2 
Effect of Death, Dissolution or Bankruptcy. 
Upon the dcath, incompetency, bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of a Limited Partner, 
the rights and obligations of such Limited Partner under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and 
shall be binding upon, such Limited Partner's successor(s), estate or legal representative, and each such 
Person shall be treated as an assignee of such Limited Partner's interest for purposes of Article II until 
such time as such Person may be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner pursuant to that Article. 
3.2.3 
No Control of Partnership. 
Except as otherwise provided herein, no Limited Partner shall have the right or power to: (a) withdraw or 
reduce its contribution to the capital of the Partnership; (b) cause the dissolution and winding up of the 
Partnership; or (c) demand or receive property in return for its capital contributions. No Limited Partner, 
in its capacity as such, shall take any part in the control of the affairs of the Partnership, undertake any 
transactions on behalf of the Partnership, or have any power to sign for or otherwise to bind the 
Partnership. 
3.3 
ADDITIONAL LIMITED PARTNERS. 
3.3.1 
Additional Subscriptions Before Final Closing Date. 
(a) 
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, during the period from the date on which 
investors are first admitted to the Partnership (the "Initial Closing Date") through the date 
which is three (3) months following the last date on which the Underlying Fund may hold 
a closing (the -Final Closing Date"), the General Partner is authorized, but not obligated, 
to admit to the Partnership one or more additional Limited Partners (each, an "Additional 
Limited Partner") and to accept additional Subscriptions from existing Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Fund making a corresponding increase to its Subscription based on 
the admission of additional limited partners to, or increase in subscriptions by existing 
limited partners in, such Feeder Fund), who shall be deemed to be Additional Limited 
Partners to the extent of such additional Subscriptions. Each such Additional Limited 
Partner admitted to the Partnership pursuant to this 3.3.1 (including through an increase 
in its Subscription) prior to the final closing date of the Underlying Fund shall be 
required to contribute, on or after the date of its admission or the acceptance of its 
additional Subscription, in each case as determined by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion: 
the amount of the contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the 
Partnership, including any cost-of-carry or interest amount, attributable to such 
Limited Partner's new or increased Subscription, if any, if the Partnership 
makes a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund; 
(2) 
its proportionate share of all funded Partnership Expenses (excluding the 
Management Fee) and to the extent not duplicative of (1), its proportionate 
share of funded Subscriptions of Limited Partners (other than Defaulting 
Partners) admitted in prior closings, including, if applicable, in connection with 
Glendoocr Accetcc Secondary Opportunities IN (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039127 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185311 
EFTA01354532

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354533.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354533.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS12S Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested in the 
Underlying Fund; 
(3) 
the amount of the Management Fee that would have been payable in respect of 
such Additional Limited Partner, had such Additional Limited Partner 
subscribed for such interest at the Initial Closing; and 
(4) 
at the General Partner's option, an interest-equivalent amount equal to the 
interest that would be payable on a debt obligation in the amount of the 
contribution made pursuant to (2) and (3), computed at a rate per annum equal 
to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period from the due 
date or dates on which the other Partners were required to make their earlier 
contributions to the date of such contribution. 
(b) 
Any Additional Limited Partners admitted after the final closing date of the Underlying 
Fund shall contribute, on or after the day of its admission or acceptance of its additional 
Subscription, (i) its proportionate sham of funded Subscriptions of Limited Partners 
(other than Defaulting Partners) admitted in prior closings (including in respect of 
Partnership Expenses other than Management Fees) and (ii) the amount of the 
Management Fee that would have been payable in respect of such Additional Limited 
Partner, had such Additional Limited Partner subscribed for such Interest at the Initial 
Closing) plus, at the General Partners option, an interest-equivalent amount equal to the 
interest that would be payable on a debt obligation in the amount of the contribution, 
computed at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for 
the period from the due date or dates on which the other Partners were required to make 
their earlier contributions to the date of such contribution. 
(a) 
Any amounts contributed pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(3) or 3.3.1(b)(ii), including any interest 
thereon shall be paid to the Investment Manager. Other amounts shall be subject to 
adjustment as provided in 6.2.2 and shall be invested in the Underlying Fund or paid to 
existing Limited Partners (including any Feeder Fund), which may result in the dilution 
of existing Limited Partners (including any Feeder Fund and indirectly, limited partners 
of any such Feeder Fund), provided that any amounts which constitute interest paid to 
existing Limited Partners shall not increase such Limited Partners' unpaid Subscriptions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, investments of the Underlying Fund made and disposed of 
prior to a particular subsequent closing will not be allocated to any Limited Partners 
admitted at such subsequent closing and the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
make any allocations or adjustments necessary to give effect to this provision. 
(b) 
The General Partner may apply this 3.3.1 to the limited partners of a Feeder Fund on a 
look-through basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership or 
were subscribing for a direct interest in the Partnership (or to increase its Subscription to 
the Partnership), and the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, adjust the Capital 
Accounts, Contributions, payments and distributions of and to the Limited Partners 
(including a Feeder Fund) in order to give effect to the foregoing and to the provisions of 
any limited partnership agreement of a Feeder Fund. 
3.3.2 
Accession to Agreement. 
Each Person who is to be admitted as an Additional Limited Partner or substituted Limited Partner 
pursuant to this Agreement shall accede to this Agreement by executing (either directly or by power of 
Glendower ACCCA Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039128 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185312 
EFTA01354533

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354534.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354534.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
attorney), together with the General Partner, a counterpart signature page to this Agreement providing for 
such admission, which shall be deemed for all purposes to constitute an amendment to this Agreement 
providing for such admission but shall not require the consent or approval of any other Partner. The 
General Partner shall make any necessary filings with the appropriate governmental authorities and take 
such actions as are necessary under applicable law to effectuate such admission. 
3.3.3 
Anti-Money Laundering Provisions. 
The Limited Partners acknowledge that the Partnership, the General Partner, the Underlying Fund and 
their respective Affiliates may be subject to certain anti-money laundering laws and related 
pronouncements and may otherwise be prohibited from engaging in transactions with, or providing 
services to, certain foreign countries, territories, entities and individuals, including without limitation, 
specially designated nationals, specially designated narcotics traffickers and other parties subject to 
United States government sanctions and embargo programs. In furtherance of the foregoing: 
(a) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to ensure that: 
(1) 
None of the monies that such Limited Partner will contribute to the Partnership 
shall be derived from, or related to, any activity that is deemed criminal under 
United States law or the law of the jurisdiction in which such activity took 
place; and 
(2) 
No contribution or payment by such Limited Partner to the Partnership, to the 
extent that such contribution or payment is within such Limited Partner's 
control, and no distribution to such Limited Partner (assuming such distribution 
is made in accordance with instructions provided to the General Partner by 
such Limited Partner) shall cause the Partnership or the General Partner to be 
in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money 
Laundering Control Act of 1986, the United States International Money 
Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001, the Uniting 
and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to 
Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 or any other anti-money 
laundering laws or regulations, in each case as amended and any successor 
statute thereto and including all regulations promulgated thereunder 
(collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering Laws"). 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner (I) shall promptly notify the General Partner if, to the knowledge 
of such Limited Partner, there has been any violation of 3.3.3(a); (2) shall provide the 
General Partner, promptly upon receipt of the General Partner's written request therefor, 
with any additional information regarding such Limited Partner or its beneficial owner(s) 
that the General Partner deems necessary or advisable in order to ensure compliance with 
the Anti-Money Laundering Laws or all applicable laws, regulations and administrative 
pronouncements concerning other criminal activities; and (3) understands and agrees that 
if, at any time, the requirements of 3.3.3(a) or (b) arc not satisfied, or if otherwise 
required by the Anti-Money Laundering Laws or any applicable law or regulation related 
to other criminal activities, the General Partner may take any actions as it determines to 
be necessary or advisable to comply with all such applicable laws, regulations and 
pronouncements. including "freezing" such Limited Partner's Interest or causing the 
compulsory redemption or Transfer of such Limited Partner's Interest to another person 
or entity at no value. 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039129 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185313 
EFTA01354534

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354535.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354535.pdf
----------------------------------------
GIDHS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(c) 
Each Limited Partner acknowledges and agrees that (I) the Partnership or the General 
Partner may release confidential information regarding such Limited Partner and, if 
applicable, any of its beneficial owners, or provide such confidential information to the 
Underlying Fund such that they may release such confidential information, in each case 
to governmental authorities if the General Partner or the general partner of the 
Underlying Fund, as applicable, in their sole discretion, determine that releasing such 
information is in the best interest of the Partnership and/or the Underlying Fund in light 
of any regulations or administrative pronouncements promulgated under the laws referred 
to in 3.3.3(bX2), and (2) the General Partner, without the consent of any Limited Partner 
and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, may amend any provision of 
this Agreement in order to effectuate the intent of this 3.3.3. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or of any Limited Partner's 
subscription agreement, the General Partner, on its own behalf or on behalf of the 
Partnership, may, in its sole discretion and without the approval of any Limited Partner or 
any other Person, agree in writing with any Limited Partner to alternate representations 
and covenants of such Limited Partner reasonably designed to ensure compliance with 
applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws and other criminal laws, regulations and 
administrative pronouncements and government sanctions, and thereby expressly waive 
compliance with all or any part of this 3.3.3 with respect to such Limited Partner. The 
Partners agree that any terms contained in such writing to or with a Limited Partner shall 
govern with respect to such Limited Partner notwithstanding the provisions of this 
Agreement or of any subscription agreement. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the General 
Partner in its own name and on behalf of the Partnership, acting alone, shall be authorized 
without the consent of any Limited Partner, to take such action as it determines to be 
necessary• or advisable to comply with any anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist laws, 
rules, regulations, directives or special measures, including the actions contemplated by 
the subscription agreements and in connection with actions contemplated by the 
governing documents of the Underlying Fund. 
3.4 
MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF PARTNERSHIP. 
3.4.1 
Management by General Partner. 
The management, policies and control of the Partnership shall be vested exclusively in the General 
Partner, who shall have the rights, powers and obligations required to be vested in or assumed by a 
general partner of a limited partnership under the Delaware Act and otherwise as provided by law. Except 
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or by law, the General Partner is hereby vested with 
the full. exclusive and complete right, power and discretion to operate, manage and control the affairs of 
the Partnership (and to delegate the management and operation of the Partnership to the Investment 
Manager on the terms set forth in the Management Agreement) and to make all decisions affecting 
Partnership affairs, as deemed proper, convenient or advisable by the General Partner to carry on the 
business of the Partnership as described in 2.3. 
3.4.2 
Powers of General Partner. 
(a) 
No Person, in dealing with the General Partner, shall be required to determine the 
General Partner's authority to make any commitment or engage in any undertaking on 
Otendcusur Aecc& Secondary Opportunities n V (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Sanded Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039130 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165314 
EFTA01354535

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354536.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354536.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
behalf of the Partnership, or to determine any fact or circumstance bearing upon the 
existence of the authority of the General Partner. 
(b) 
Without limiting 3.4.1, but subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the General 
Partner shall have the power on behalf and in the name of the Partnership to implement 
the objectives of the Partnership and to exercise any rights and powers the Partnership 
may possess, including without limitation, (i) the power to cause the Partnership to make 
any elections available to the Partnership under applicable tax or other laws (other than 
elections specifically prohibited by 14.6.1), and (ii) the power to determine the timing of 
when to cause the Partnership to hold and/or sell any securities, including Freely 
Tradable Securities, in its sole discretion. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, without the consent of any 
Limited Partner or other Person being required, the Partnership is hereby authorized to 
execute, deliver and perform, and the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and 
itself, as applicable, is hereby authorized to execute and deliver (i) a subscription 
agreement with each Limited Partner. (ii) an administration services agreement with the 
Administrator, (iii) the Management Agreement with the Investment Manager, (iv) any 
document in connection with opening any bank or escrow account on behalf of the 
Partnership, (v) subscription documents and other instruments necessary or appropriate in 
connection with the Partnership's investment in the Underlying Fund, (vi) any agreement 
with a custodian to hold the assets of the Partnership, (vii) any documents related to the 
disposition of the assets of the Partnership including its interest in the Underlying Fund, 
(viii) any documents related to liquidity arrangements for Partnership Interests, (ix) any 
agreement, document or other instrument contemplated by or related to any of (i) through 
(viii) above or otherwise contemplated by this Agreement and (x) any amendment of any 
such document in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The General Partner is 
hereby authorized to enter into the documents described in the preceding sentence on 
behalf of the Partnership, but such authorization shall not be deemed a restriction on the 
power of the General Partner to enter into any other documents on behalf of the 
Partnership. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, without the consent of any 
Limited Partner or other Person being required. the General Partner is hereby authorized 
to disclose nonpublic information of a Limited Partner to the Underlying Fund and the 
Partnership's accountants, attorneys and other service providers to effect, administer and 
enforce the Partnership and its Partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may be 
required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
3.4.3 
Outside Business. 
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit the rights of the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective Affiliates, including any director, officer or employee of such Person, to engage 
in or possess an interest in or provide advice to other investments, business ventures or Persons of any 
kind or description, independently or with others, similar or dissimilar to the investments or business of 
the Partnership or the Underlying Fund, including business ventures or Persons which compete, directly 
or indirectly, with the Partnership or the Underlying Fund, or from engaging in other activities for profit, 
and any of them may, in the future, engage in or provide advice to such investments, business ventures or 
Persons. Neither the Partnership nor the Limited Partners will have any rights or interests in such other 
investments, business ventures or Persons or the income or profits derived therefrom by virtue of this 
Agreement or by reason of the acquisition of Interests, and neither the General Partner, the Investment 
Glendower Mee:Kt Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rodided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039131 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185315 
EFTA01354536

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354537.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354537.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Manager, nor any of their respective Affiliates shall have any obligation to disclose to the Partnership or 
the Limited Partners such investment activities. It is specifically acknowledged in this regard that the 
Investment Manager and its Affiliates perform similar administrative and management services for 
various clients. 
3.5 
ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT VEHICLES. 
(a) 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the General Partner 
determines in good faith that for legal. tax, regulatory, accounting or other similar 
masons, it is desirable that an investment be made utilizing an alternative investment 
structure, the General Partner shall be permitted to structure the making of all or any 
portion of such investment outside the Partnership, by requiring any Partner or Partners 
to, and such Partner or Partners shall, make such investment either directly or indirectly 
in, and become a limited partner, member, stockholder or other equity owner of, one or 
more partnerships, limited liability companies, corporations or other vehicles (other than 
the Partnership) (each, an "Alternative Investment Vehicle") (i) of which the General 
Partner, an Affiliate of the General Partner or one or more of their respective partners, 
members, managers, directors or officers shall serve as general partner, manager or in a 
similar capacity and (ii) which shall invest on a parallel basis with, or in lieu of, the 
Partnership, as the case may be. Additionally, the General Partner shall be permitted to 
form more than one Alternative Investment Vehicle for the making of a single investment 
and may require that different Partners invest in different Alternative Investment 
Vehicles as the General Partner determines to be necessary• or advisable for legal, tax, 
regulatory. accounting or other similar reasons. 
(b) 
The Limited Partners and the General Partner (or its Affiliate), to the extent of their 
investment participation in an Alternative Investment Vehicle, may be required to make 
capital contributions directly to such Alternative Investment Vehicle to the same extent, 
for the same purposes and on substantially the same terms and conditions as Partners are 
required to make capital contributions to the Partnership, and such capital contributions 
shall reduce the unpaid Subscription of each Partner to the same extent that it would be 
reduced if made to the Partnership (i.e., capital contributions will be treated as if they 
were paid directly to the Partnership). The organizational documents of any such 
Alternative Investment Vehicle may be executed on behalf of Limited Partners investing 
therein by the General Partner pursuant to 14.7.1. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the economic 
provisions of this Agreement and the partnership or similar agreement or instrument 
governing each such Alternative Investment Vehicle are intended to be, and hereby shall 
be, construed in all material respects and effected in such a manner as to cause each 
Limited Partner individually, and the General Partner and its affiliated entities that may 
be utilized to effectuate this 3.5 collectively, to receive the same aggregate allocations 
and distributions, at substantially the same times, from the Partnership and the 
Alternative Investment Vehicle as they would have been entitled to receive if (i) all 
capital contributions to the Alternative Investment Vehicle were made to, and all 
distributions from the Alternative Investment Vehicle were made by, the Partnership, 
(ii) all Alternative Investment Vehicle investments in the Underlying Fund and 
Alternative Investment Vehicle short-term investments were initially acquired by, and 
were at all times held by, the Partnership, and (iii) all Alternative Investment Vehicle 
expenses (including management fees incurred or paid by any Alternative Investment 
Vehicle) were incurred and paid solely by the Partnership; provided, however, that the 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039132 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185316 
EFTA01354537

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354538.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354538.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS12S Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
allocations and distributions may differ as a result of taxes and other expenses paid or 
payable by the Alternative Investment Vehicle (or any entity included in such vehicle), 
and, to the extent practicable, such taxes and other expenses shall be borne by the 
Limited Partners for whose benefit the Alternative Investment Vehicle was established. 
Without limiting the foregoing, there shall be no duplication of management fees or other 
fees among the Partnership and the Alternative Investment Vehicles. In the event that a 
Limited Partner Transfers any portion of its interest hereunder in the absence of a 
corresponding Transfer of a proportionately equivalent interest of such Limited Partner in 
each other Alternative Investment Vehicle in which it is a limited partner or similar 
investor, or if any limited partner or similar investor in any Alternative Investment 
Vehicle Transfers any portion of its interest in any such entity without a corresponding 
Transfer of a proportionately equivalent interest hereunder, such corresponding 
transferred and retained interest shall continue to be subject to the provisions of this 3.5, 
unless otherwise determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion. Except as 
otherwise determined by the General Partner on or about the time of formation of the 
Alternative Investment Vehicle, any issue regarding the interpretation of how the 
Partnership and the Alternative Investment Vehicle interact shall be governed by the laws 
of the State of Delaware. 
(d) 
Any Limited Partner that defaults on its obligations to any Alternative Investment 
Vehicle in which it invests and becomes a "defaulting partner," -defaulting member" or 
similar defaulting Person under an agreement or instrument governing such Alternative 
Investment Vehicle (after giving effect to any applicable cure periods thereunder) shall 
also be a Defaulting Partner hereunder and any Limited Partner that becomes a 
Defaulting Partner of the Partnership shall also be a "defaulting partner," "defaulting 
member" or similar defaulting Person under an agreement or instrument governing such 
Alternative Investment Vehicle. 
(e) 
The economic terms of each Alternative Investment Vehicle shall be substantially the 
same in all material respects as those of the Partnership subject to any legal, tax, 
regulatory, accounting or other similar considerations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it 
is the intention of the Partners that each of the Partnership and each Alternative 
Investment Vehicle be treated as a separate entity (and not in partnership with one 
another) for United States federal and other income tax purposes. Accordingly, under no 
circumstances shall the Partnership or any Alternative Investment Vehicle: (i) guaranty or 
otherwise assume responsibility for the debts and obligations of the other; (ii) enter into 
any partnership, joint venture or similar arrangement with the other; or (iii) share 
investment profits or losses with the other (with the result that the amounts distributed to 
any Partner from any such entity shall reflect solely the contributions by and the 
allocations of profit and loss to such Partner with respect to such entity). 
(f) 
If the General Partner determines in good faith that for legal, tax, regulatory, accounting 
or other similar reasons, or to facilitate the acquisition or management of an underlying 
investment, it is desirable that an investment be made by the Partnership through one or 
more partnerships, corporations, trusts or other entities all or substantially all of the 
beneficial interests in which arc held directly or indirectly by the Partnership (an 
"Investment Subsidiary"). the General Partner shall be authorized to establish such 
Investment Subsidiary and cause the Partnership to utilize it for purposes of making one 
or more investments. In connection with such use of an Investment Subsidiary, the 
General Partner shall also be authorized, but not required, to adjust in good faith the 
provisions of this Agreement relating to (i) the allocation of Net Gain, Net Loss, 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039133 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185317 
EFTA01354538

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354539.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354539.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS126 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partnership Expenses and other similar items and (ii) distributions, to minimize the tax 
and other costs associated with the use of the Investment Subsidiary and to cause such 
costs to be borne directly or indirectly by the Limited Partner(s) for whose benefit the 
Investment Subsidiary was established. 
3.6 
PARALLEL ACCESS FUNDS OR FEEDER FUNDS. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the General Partner may form one or more 
limited partnerships or other investment vehicles to invest in parallel with the Partnership (each, a 
"Parallel Access Fund") and/or Feeder Funds in order to comply with securities laws or to address tax, 
legal, regulatory or other issues of investors in such entity (including with respect to the structure of the 
Underlying Fund). In the event that a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund is established, the General 
Partner may (i) require one or more Limited Partners to withdraw from the Partnership and to be admitted 
as a limited partner of a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and transfer a proportionate sham of the 
Partnership's assets and liabilities to such Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund, (ii) admit one or more 
limited partners of a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and acquire a proportionate share of such 
Parallel Access Fund's or Feeder Fund's assets and liabilities to the Partnership and (iii) admit any Feeder 
Fund as a limited partner of the Partnership; provided that no Limited Partner shall be required to 
participate in any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund if such participation would result in material 
adverse consequences for such Limited Partner which would not have resulted from such Limited 
Partner's participation in the Partnership. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, 
the General Partner may apply 6.3 of this Agreement to the limited partners of a Feeder Fund on a look-
through basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 4 - INVESTMENTS AND ACTIVITIES 
4.1 
INVESTMENT GUIDELINES 
Except as set forth in the following sentence, the Partnership shall only make investments in the 
Underlying Fund. In addition, at such time any funds of the Partnership are not invested in the 
Underlying Fund, distributed to the Partners or applied towards expenses of the Partnership, the 
Partnership may invest such funds in Temporary Investments. 
4.2 
BORROWINGS 
The Partnership may enter into a credit facility with a third party (a "Credit Facility"), which may be 
secured by the Subscriptions of the Limited Partners pursuant to 6.3.4. Repayment of the principal 
amount and any interest, fees and expenses payable in respect of any Credit Facility will be made from 
Subscriptions. 
ERISA COMPLIANCE. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) less than 25% of the total value 
of each class of equity interests in the Partnership is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, and therefore (b) the assets of 
the Partnership do not constitute plan assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of 
ERISA. In the event that the General Partner were to be deemed a "fiduciary" of any ERISA Partner 
under Section 3(21) of ERISA, then, in addition to whatever action it may take or be required to take 
because it was such a fiduciary:, the General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid the 
occurrence of any prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code. 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039134 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185318 
EFTA01354539

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354540.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354540.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
The General Partner may, but shall not be obligated to, take such actions as it deems necessary and 
appropriate to mitigate, prevent or cure the adverse consequences of the assets of the Partnership 
constituting plan assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Tide I of ERISA. 
ARTICLE 5 - FEES AND EXPENSES 
5.1 
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPENSES. 
The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner and its Affiliates for all Organizational Expenses 
incurred by any of them. 
5.2 
PARTNERSHIP EXPENSES AND MANAGEMENT FEE. 
5.2.1 
Payment of Expenses. 
5.2.1.1 
General. 
Subject to 5.2.1.2, the Partnership agrees to assume and pay all operating expenses attributable to the 
Partnership's activities (collectively, "Partnership Expenses") on the terms and conditions herein set forth. 
5.2.1.2 
Investment Manager Expenses. 
The Investment Manager or its Affiliates shall bear only the following expenses: compensation of the 
employees of the Investment Manager or its Affiliates (as applicable); and the costs of providing clerical 
and related support services, office space and facilities, utilities and telephone. 
5.2.1.3 
Partnership Expenses. 
Partnership Expenses borne by the Partnership shall include, without limitation: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Partnership; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Partnership; expenses and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Partnership's books and records and preparation of the Partnership's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax reporting including under the 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of 
all governmental returns, reports and filings of the Partnership or General Partner, any costs or expenses 
in connection with the Partnership's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of 
completing subscription booklets and the Partnership's side letter, if any. with the Underlying Fund and 
any subsequent closing interest charged to the Partnership); extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Partnership; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Partnership, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in 
connection with the purchase or sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary 
investment banking, commercial banking. accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, 
administrative (including any fees and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the 
Partnership or the General Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Partnership and 
any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the 
proposed purchase or sale of securities by the Partnership that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is consummated); fees and expenses 
incurred in connection with or otherwise relating to the preparation of form documentation in respect of 
Transfers: fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement to provide additional liquidity to 
Glendower Mee:Kt Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
1 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039135 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185319 
EFTA01354540

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354541.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354541.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Limited Partners and facilitate the process for Limited Partners to sell all or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as travel, research and other expenses 
related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of the Partnership in respect of the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Partnership (including the costs and expenses (including travel-related expenses) of 
hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the Placement Agents; any expenses incurred 
in connection with any Credit Facility or regulatory obligation; and premiums for liability or other 
insurance to protect the Partnership, the General Partner, the Investment Manager and any of their 
respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates in 
connection with the activities of the Partnership, the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Partnership Expenses also include any costs and expenses associated with the ongoing operations of any 
Alternative Investment Vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; legal and mcording fees and 
expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, economists, outside counsel, accountants and other third-
party service providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other governmental charges 
levied against such Alternative Investment Vehicles, including tax preparation expenses; expenses 
relating to any audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations undertaking and litigation, 
insurance, indemnification and extraordinary expenses). In addition to the foregoing, Partnership 
Expenses include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all of the operating expenses of 
the General Partner. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, expenses of or relating 
to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the Partnership to the extent that they would 
be considered expenses of the Partnership pursuant to this 5.2.1.3 if they were incurred by the Partnership 
(and indirectly borne by the Limited Partners of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder Fund's interest as a 
Limited Partner of the Partnership); provided however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related 
to a specific Feeder Fund shall be determined with respect to, and paid separately by, such Feeder Fund, 
in each case as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion. 
Subject to 5.2.1.5 the Partnership Expenses shall be borne pro rata by all Limited Partners (including the 
Offshore Access Fund and other Feeder Funds, if any). Any contributions by Limited Partners to the 
Partnership to fluid their share of Partnership Expenses (other than required payments pursuant to 3.3.1 
and 11.1.8) shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund their share of Partnership 
Expenses). The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner or its Affiliates for any Partnership 
Expenses paid by them on behalf of the Partnership. 
5.2.1.4 
Sharing of Partnership Expenses with Parallel Access Funds. 
The Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund shall share common fees and expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each entity in the Underlying Fund, to 
the extent practicable. If, upon subsequent closings of the Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund, 
there is a change in the ratios of the aggregate capital commitments made to each such fund to the 
aggregate capital commitments made to all such funds, then the General Partner may adjust the relative 
amounts paid by such funds in respect of expenses, to reflect as nearly as practicable the situation that 
would have existed if the respective aggregate capital commitments made to each fund had always been 
in the same relative proportions as those in effect after the change in the ratio of capital commitments. 
The General Partner is authorized to take such actions as it detennines are reasonably necessary or 
appropriate in order to effect the intention of this 5.2.1.4 and the other provisions of this Agreement 
relating to Parallel Access Funds in connection with the operation of the Partnership and any Parallel 
Access Fund. 
5.2.13 
Certain Expenses. 
Glendmwr Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039136 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185320 
EFTA01354541

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354542.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
To the extent any tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General Partner or the 
Partnership because of the identity or jurisdiction of a Limited Partner or the failure of the Limited 
Partner to provide any information, the economic cost of all expenses incurred by the General Partner or 
the Partnership to carry out such responsibilities, or the costs of any other expenses incurred by the 
General Partner or the Partnership that are otherwise attributable to any specific Limited Partner, shall not 
be treated as operating expenses and instead shall be charged by the General Partner, in its discretion, to 
such Limited Partner. The General Partner may hold back or offset any cash distributions payable to such 
Limited Partner to satisfy the Limited Partner's obligation under this 5.2.1.5. All amounts that the General 
Partner withholds or otherwise pays on behalf of such Limited Partner shall be treated as if such amounts 
were distributed to the Limited Partner pursuant to 7.1. 
5.2.2 
Management Fee. 
5.2.2.1 
Amount 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment Manager or a designated Affiliate 
thereof shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). 
The Partnership shall pay to the Investment Manager or a designated Affiliate thereof the aggregate 
amount of such Management Fees assessed with respect to the Limited Partners. Commencing upon the 
"Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as defined in the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund) and for each fiscal quarter thereafter through the first date on which the "investment 
period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall 
be an amount equal to the product of the Management Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner 
multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. Commencing on the first date on which the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired, through the second anniversary of 
such date, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to 
the product of the Management Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate share (based upon Subscriptions) of the Partnership's proportionate share of 
capital contributions in respect of all "Invested Capital" (as defined in the limited partnership agreement 
of the Underlying Fund) of the Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the 
Partnership, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated based on Invested Capital in 
accordance with (C) below. The -Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 0.25% per quarter); provided that 
the Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but 
is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.c., 0.1875% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner 
whose Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); 
(B) from the first date on which the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired 
until the second anniversary of such date is 0.75%per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided that 
the Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but 
is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60%per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter): and (ii) a Limited Partner 
whose Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); 
and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately 
preceding year or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited Partner's Invested 
Capital. The Investment Manager shall receive the Management Fees in accordance with the terms of the 
Management Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Management Fee amount contributed by each Limited Partner to the 
Partnership shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund the Management Fee). 
Any (i) increase in the Management Fee resulting from an increase in the aggregate Subscription of a 
Partner or (ii) the Management Fee resulting from the admission of an additional Limited Partner, shall be 
Glendower Mee:Kt Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039137 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185321 
EFTA01354542

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354543.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUMS Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
effective as of the Initial Closing Date, and, unless waived by the Investment Manager, shall include 
interest accrued at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% on unpaid 
Management Fee amounts due for the period between the Initial Drawdown Date and the date of such 
increase or admission, which interest component shall be in addition to, and not a part of, a Limited 
Partner's Subscription or reduce the unpaid portion of a Limited Partner's Subscription. The 
Management Fee payable for any period of less than a full fiscal quarter shall be proportionately adjusted 
based upon the ratio the number of days in such period bears to ninety (90). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Investment Manager in its sole discretion may elect to waive or otherwise reduce the 
Management Fee attributable to any Limited Partner at any time (including in connection with the transfer 
of a Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership), and no such waiver or reduction shall be applicable to 
any other Partner absent the approval of the Investment Manager. 
The applicable Management Fee fora limited partner in any Feeder Fund shall be calculated based on the 
limited partner's subscription to such Feeder Fund. 
5.2.2.2 
Timing of Payments. 
Payments of Management Fees shall be calculated and made quarterly in advance on the first Business 
Day of each fiscal quarter of the Partnership. The first payment shall be due upon the Initial Drawdown 
Date or such later date as determined by the General Partner. If the Initial Drawdown Date is not the first 
day of a fiscal quarter of the Partnership however, the Partnership's first payment shall include the pro 
rata amount due until the beginning of the first succeeding fiscal quarter of the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 6- CAPITAL OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
6.1 
OBLIGATION TO CONTRIBUTE. 
6.1.1 
In General. 
Each Partner shall make capital contributions to the Partnership, in acconiance with and subject to the 
terms of this Agreement, in an aggregate amount equal to such Partner's Subscription plus any additional 
amounts pursuant to 3.3.1, 5.2.1.5, 11.1.8, and any unused contribution returned pursuant to 6.2.1. 
Except as provided in 6.3.2, the amount of capital required to be contributed by each Partner on the 
occasion of a drawdown shall be determined by the General Partner based on the ratio of such Partner's 
Percentage Interest to the aggregate Percentage Interests of all Partners; provided that, any contributions 
to fund unpaid Management Fees will be made by the Partners pro rara in accordance with their shares of 
such unpaid Management Fees. All capital contributions shall be made to the Partnership by wire transfer 
or other transfer of federal or other immediately available U.S. funds on the relevant due date to the 
account designated for such purpose. Subject to 6.3.2, each Partner shall be obligated to make payment in 
full of each required capital contribution together with any interest or other amounts due thereon, and no 
Partner shall make (nor shall the General Partner or the Partnership be obligated to accept) less than the 
full amount of any such required capital contribution. Unless otherwise approved by the General Partner, 
all Limited Partner capital contributions made pursuant to this Agreement must be made through or from 
a United States bank. 
6.1.2 
Initial Capital Contributions. 
Each Partner's initial capital contribution shall be due upon written notice from the General Partner on 
either the date such Partner is admitted to the Partnership or, if a later date, upon not less than seven (7) 
Business Days' prior written notice (the first date on which initial capital contributions are due to the 
Partnership is referred to herein as the "Initial Drawdown Date"). The General Partner may require each 
Glendov,er Accetcc Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039138 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185322 
EFTA01354543

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354544.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354544.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0USI25 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Partnership on their Initial Drawdown Date equal to 
a portion of their Subscription. 
6.1.3 
Additional Contributions; Deficiency Drawdowns. 
The General Partner is authorized to draw down additional capital contributions from time to time for any 
purposes contemplated under this Agreement generally upon not less than seven (7) Business Days' prior 
written notice, except in certain limited circumstances where the General Partner deems it prudent to 
require capital contributions to be made on shorter notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Limited 
Partner has failed to make a capital contribution when due (including such Partner's initial capital 
contribution), the General Partner in its sole discretion may call for a deficiency drawdown of 
contributions from the other Partners to replace the unpaid contribution upon seven (7) Business Days' 
prior written notice (or such shorter amount of time as was required for the initial capital contributions 
that required the deficiency drawdown). For purposes of 6.3, the amount of a Limited Partner's 
contribution that is not paid when due shall be deemed to include such Limited Partner's ratable share, 
determined on a grossed-up basis. of any deficiency drawdown with respect to such Limited Partner's 
unpaid contribution. 
6.1.4 
Procedure for Notice of Capital Calls; Rescission or Postponement. 
The General Partner shall send written notice of a call for capital contributions, or a rescission or 
postponement of such a call, to each Limited Partner by electronic mail. A notice calling for capital 
contributions may be rescinded or postponed by the General Partner by prompt written notice. 
6.1.5 
Offsets Against Distributions; No Interest or Withdrawals. 
In connection with any call for capital contributions under this Agreement, the General Partner is 
authorized to apply cash that would otherwise be distributed to a Partner in satisfaction of such Partner's 
obligation to make a capital contribution pursuant to such call, to the extent thereof. The amount applied 
shall be deemed distributed to the Partner by the Partnership and then contributed by the Partner to the 
Partnership in satisfaction of such Partner's obligation to contribute capital hereunder and such Partner's 
Contribution shall be adjusted accordingly. No interest shall accrue on any Partner's Contribution. No 
Partner shall have the right to withdraw or to be repaid its Contribution except as specifically provided in 
this Agreement. 
6.1.6 
General Partner's Authority to Reduce Subscriptions. 
The General Partner in its sole discretion may reduce the Subscriptions of all Partners on a pro rata basis. 
The General Partner shall give each Partner written notice of the reduction, which notice shall include the 
amount of such Partner's reduced Subscription. 
6.1.7 
Subscription of the General Partner. 
The General Partner shall not have a Subscription. 
6.2 
RETURN OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS SUBJECT TO SUBSEQUENT DRAWDOWN. 
6.2.1 
Unused Contributions. 
The General Partner in its sole discretion may cause the Partnership to return to the Partners all or any 
portion of capital contributions that have not been (a) contributed to the Underlying Fund, (b) reserved for 
Glendower Accent Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Sanded Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039139 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185323 
EFTA01354544

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354545.pdf
----------------------------------------
GIODS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
or applied to the payment or reimbursement of expenses or liabilities of the Partnership or (c) used for 
other purposes, together with any interest or other income or gains ("Partner Interest") earned by the 
Partnership with such capital contributions prior to their return. Such contributions and Partner Interest 
shall be distributed to the Partners pro rata in proportion to the respective amounts of contributions made 
by them that are being returned and shall increase the Partners' unpaid Subscriptions. 
6.2.2 
Return of Contributions upon Admission of Additional Partner. 
Immediately following the initial (or additional) capital contribution of an Additional Limited Partner, 
and provided that the Partnership does not make a corresponding increase in its capital contribution to the 
Underlying Fund, the General Partner shall return to each of the non-contributing Partners, in proportion 
to their Contributions, a portion of their earlier capital contributions to the Partnership in an aggregate 
amount not in excess of the new contribution (less any Management Fee and interest due in accordance 
with 5.2.2.1, which shall be paid to the Investment Manager in accordance with (a)); provided that the 
General Partner may, in its sole discretion, reduce the amount of the contribution required to be made by 
the Additional Limited Partner pursuant to 3.3.1(6) so that, on a net basis after the return of contributions, 
all Partners will have contributed the same percentage of their Subscriptions. The General Partner, in its 
sole discretion, may also pay to the Partners as "guaranteed payments" (as defined in Section 707(e) of 
the Code), other than the Additional Limited Partner, in proportion to their Contributions, all or a portion 
of the interest-equivalent amounts contributed to the Partnership pursuant to 3.3.1. 
6.23 
Effect of Return of Contributions. 
The General Partner shall make all appropriate adjustments, including to the amount of the Partners' 
respective Contributions, unpaid Subscriptions, distributions, Capital Accounts and any other items that 
am adjusted for capital drawdowns, so that the amounts of all such items am, to the maximum extent 
possible, the same as they would have been had the capital drawdown that gave rise to any contribution 
that is returned pursuant to 6.2.1 or 6.2.2 never occurred and to otherwise give effect to the intended 
economic arrangement set forth in 3.3. land 6.2.2. No such adjustments shall be made, however, to reflect 
any amounts paid or distributed to a Partner that are attributable to (a) Partner Interest or (b) the payment 
to such Partner of any interest-equivalent amounts contributed to the Partnership pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4). 
A return of a Partner's capital contributions pursuant to 6.2.1 or 6.2.2 shall reduce such Partner's Capital 
Account, but shall not otherwise be treated as a distribution for purposes of this Agreement. unless the 
context so requires. 
6.3 
FAILURE TO MAKE REQUIRED PAYMENT. 
63.1 Interest. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, upon any failure by a Limited Partner to pay a capital 
contribution in full when due or any other payment required pursuant to this Agreement, interest will 
accrue at the Default Rate on the outstanding unpaid balance of such capital contribution, from and 
including the date such capital contribution was due until the date of full payment of such capital 
contribution by such Partner (or a transferee), including any interest accrued. The "Default Rate" with 
respect to any period shall be a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for 
such period. The General Partner, in its sole discretion, may waive the requirement to pay interest, in 
whole or in part. 
Glendoocr Accetcc Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039140 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185324 
EFTA01354545

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354546.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS12S Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
63.2 
Default. 
(a) 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement (including in 11.1.8 and 14.7.11), if any 
Limited Partner fails to make a capital contribution when due, including in connection 
with recalls of distributions, or any other payment required pursuant to this Agreement 
(including (a) expenses incurred in respect of Transfers (b) expenses incurred by the 
General Partner or the Partnership to the extent that any tax information or return is 
required to be prepared by the General Partner or the Partnership because of the identity, 
jurisdiction or action of the Limited Partner (including the election not to receive 
Schedule K-I electronically) and (c) any applicable interest charged in connection with a 
subsequent closing), then the General Partner may designate such Partner a "Defaulting 
Partner". The Partnership shall be entitled to enforce the obligations of each Partner to 
make the contributions to capital specified in this Agreement, and the Partnership shall 
have all remedies available at law or in equity in the event any such contribution is not so 
made. The remedies provided for in this 6.3.2 arc in addition to and not in limitation of 
any other right or remedy of the Partnership provided by law or equity, this Agreement, 
or any other agreement entered into by or among any one or more of the Partners and/or 
the Partnership (including, without limitation, any subscription agreement relating to the 
Partnership). Each Limited Partner hereby agrees that the remedy at law for damages 
resulting from its default under this Agreement is inadequate because the funding of 
Partnership investments and other obligations requires the timely availability of required 
capital contributions. In addition, (a) any material breach of any of the representations 
and warranties made by a Limited Partner in the subscription agreement or (b) any failure 
by a Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General Partner or 
Investment Manager in connection with anti-money laundering or similar programs, shall 
be considered a default hereunder and the General Partner may designate any such 
breaching Partner as a -Defaulting Partner". The Partners agree that the damages suffered 
by the Partnership as the result of a default by a Defaulting Partner will be substantial and 
that such damages cannot be estimated with reasonable accuracy. Upon the occurrence of 
a default by a Limited Partner (or, in the case of a Feeder Fund, a default by such Feeder 
Fund's limited partners), the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, pursue one or 
more of the following actions, as applicable: 
( I) 
The institution of an action for specific performance of the Defaulting Partner's 
obligation to contribute the capital contribution(s) in question: 
(2) 
Prohibit the Defaulting Partner from participating in any future capital calls; 
(3) 
Determine that no additional capital contribution shall be accepted from the 
Defaulting Partner. 
(4) 
Cause the compulsory redemption without compensation of up to one hundred 
percent (100%) of the Defaulting Partner's Interest; the redeemed Interest may 
be distributed to non-defaulting Limited Partners either (A) in proportion to 
their respective Subscriptions or (B) on any other equitable basis as the 
General Partner determines. Non-defaulting Limited Partners who accept a 
distribution of all or a portion of such Defaulting Partner's Interest may, at the 
option of the General Partner, be obligated to fund any capital calls in 
connection therewith; 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039141 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185325 
EFTA01354546

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354547.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(5) 
Cause the compulsory Transfer without compensation of up to one hundred 
percent (100%) of the Defaulting Partner's Interest and its unpaid Subscription 
to any third party on such terms and conditions as the Investment Manager 
and/or General Partner deem appropriate; 
(6) 
Cause the Defaulting Partner not to share in any income or gain realized by the 
Partnership while continuing to be responsible for its Percentage Interest of 
losses and Partnership Expenses; 
(7) 
Reduce the unpaid Subscription of the Defaulting Partner to zero or such other 
amount as the General Partner may determine in its sole discretion; 
(8) 
Force the Defaulting Partner to sell its interest in the Partnership, with the full 
assumption by the buyer of the Defaulting Partner's Subscription, including 
any portion then due and unpaid; 
(9) 
Accept a late contribution from the Defaulting Partner, with interest (unless 
such interest is otherwise waived by the General Partner), in satisfaction of its 
then outstanding obligation to contribute hereunder, provided that such 
Limited Partner shall remain a Defaulting Partner until the next full calendar 
quarter following such contribution and applicable interest; 
(10) 
Cause the entire unpaid Subscription of the Defaulting Partner and any 
amounts required to be contributed to the Partnership by such Defaulting 
Partner related to reimbursement of Partnership Expenses or any current or 
future Management Fees to be assessed to such Limited Partner to become 
immediately due and payable; 
Cause any distributions which would otherwise be made to the Defaulting 
Partner to be applied against any amounts due and payable from the Defaulting 
Partner; 
Accept from a Defaulting Partner an abandonment of such Defaulting Partner's 
interest in the Partnership, including without limitation, such Partner's 
Contribution, Capital Account and Subscription; 
Withhold any distributions that otherwise would be made to a Defaulting 
Partner until such time as the Partnership makes its final liquidating 
distribution, or until such earlier time as the General Partner may determine. 
Any distributions so withheld, or the proceeds thereof, may be used by the 
Partnership for any purpose; 
(14) 
Pursue and enforce all of the Partnership's other rights and remedies against 
the Defaulting Partner under this Agreement, the relevant subscription 
agreement and Delaware law, including but not limited to the commencement 
of a lawsuit to collect the unpaid capital contribution, interest and costs, and 
reimbursement (with interest at the Default Rate) of any other damages 
suffered by the Partnership; 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039142 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185326 
EFTA01354547

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354548.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354548.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(15) 
Except to the extent not permitted by the Delaware Act, limit or eliminate such 
Defaulting Partner's ability to vote, consent or withhold consent with respect to 
any Partnership matter; 
(16) 
Except to the extent not permitted by the Delaware Act, elect to terminate the 
interest of such Defaulting Partner, whereupon such Defaulting Partner shall 
cease to be a Limited Partner, and shall have no further interest in the 
Partnership, including any right to receive distributions of cash or property, or 
to vote on any matter (if the General Partner elects to exercise its rights under 
this clause (a), the interest of such Defaulting Partner shall be reallocated 
among all non-Defaulting Partners, pro rata based on their respective 
Subscriptions); and 
(17) 
To the extent that such Defaulting Partner's Interests are treated on a look-
through basis by the Underlying Fund, such Defaulting Partner may also be 
subject to thc remedies prescribed by thc Underlying Fund. 
(b) 
In addition to and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the 
General Partner (or its assigns) may, in its sole discretion, exercise any remedy in respect 
of the Defaulting Partner and/or the interest of the Defaulting Partner that could have 
been exercised by the General Partner if the provisions of the limited partnership 
agreement of the Underlying Fund were contained herein in their entirety, mitosis 
mutandis. In addition, in the event that a Limited Partner's default results in or 
contributes to a default by the Partnership under the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund, the General Partner may take any such actions in accordance with 
6.3.3. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the remedies set forth above shall be 
cumulative, and the use by the General Partner of one or more of them against a 
Defaulting Partner shall not preclude the use of any other such remedy. Each Limited 
Partner agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' 
fees) incurred by or on behalf of the Partnership in connection with the enforcement of 
this Agreement against such Limited Partner as a result of a default by such Limited 
Partner. 
(c) 
Upon an event of default by a Partner, if the General Partner elects to exercise its powers, 
duties or discretions with respect to such Partner under this 6.3.2, any income, profit or 
gain that otherwise would have been allocated to the Capital Account of such Defaulting 
Partner may be allocated to the Capital Accounts of all the other Partners (other than any 
other Defaulting Partner) pro rata in accordance with their respective Percentage 
Interests (calculated without giving effect to the Percentage Interest of any Defaulting 
Partner). 
(a) 
The application of the penalty provisions in this 6.3.2 shall not relieve any Defaulting 
Partner of its obligation to make all payments of its capital contributions when due. No 
course of dealing between the General Partner and any Defaulting Partner and no delay in 
exercising any right, power or remedy conferred in this 6.3.2 or existing at law or in 
equity or by statute or otherwise will operate as a waiver or otherwise prejudice any such 
right, power or remedy. 
Glendoocr Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039143 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185327 
EFTA01354548

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354549.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
63.3 
Bifurcated Default. 
If the Partnership fails to contribute all or any portion of any capital call amount set forth in a funding 
notice received from the Underlying Fund as and when due (an "Access Fund Default"), and such failure 
results from the failure of one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited Partner. a "Defaulting Access 
Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital call issued by the Partnership (regardless 
of whether or not such Defaulting Access Fund Investor is also a "Defaulting Partner" for purposes of this 
Agreement), then the general partner of the Underlying Fund has contractually agreed with the General 
Partner to only treat the Partnership as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined in the limited partnership 
agreement of the Underlying Fund (an "Underlying Fund Defaulting Partner")) with respect to the portion 
of the Partnership's interest in the Underlying Fund that has defaulted (e.g., if an Access Fund Default 
occurs whereby the Partnership only funds 95% of the capital call amount set forth in a funding notice for 
the Underlying Fund as a result of a default in a corresponding amount by one or more Defaulting Access 
Fund Investors, then 5% of the Partnership's interest in the Underlying Fund nil] be treated as a 
Underlying Fund Defaulting Partner. In addition, the General Partner has agreed that, if the general 
partner of the Underlying Fund so requests upon any Access Fund Default, the General Partner shall 
cause the Partnership to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the General Partner will delegate to the 
Underlying Fund, the authority to exercise directly for the direct benefit of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in this Agreement against a Defaulting Access Fund Investor as if they were 
a Defaulting Partner (regardless of whether or not they have been deemed a "Defaulting Partner" pursuant 
to this Agreement), and the Partnership and the General Partner will provide such assistance as is 
reasonably requested by the general partner of the Underlying Fund in connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of this Agreement, in order to equitably determine 
the rights and obligations of any Limited Partner with respect to the Underlying Fund, the General Partner 
may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited partner of the Underlying Fund with a capital 
commitment equal to such Limited Partner's Subscription to the Partnership, and if any Limited Partner 
defaults on its commitment to the Partnership (thereby becoming a Defaulting Access Fund Investor), any 
default penalties imposed by the general partner of the Underlying Fund may be allocated solely by the 
General Partner to the applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the maximum extent possible. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have the sole 
discretion to apply the default provisions under 6.3 to each investor in any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder 
Fund on a look-through basis as if such investor was a direct limited partner of the Partnership instead of 
applying such provisions directly to such Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund. 
6.3.4 
Assignment of Partner Contributions. 
The General Partner is hereby specifically authorized to assign to a third party as security for 
indebtedness or other obligations of the Partnership (i) all or a portion of the aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of the Limited Partners and (ii) all of the Partnership's and the General Partner's rights 
relating to the unpaid Subscriptions, including without limitation, the right to deliver notices, to receive 
payment of Subscriptions, to exercise all rights of the Partnership with respect to unpaid Subscriptions 
and to enforce all remedies against Limited Partners that fail to fund their respective unpaid Subscriptions 
pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; provided that the liability of the Limited 
Partners to make contributions shall not be increased thereby. Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to 
execute and deliver any documentation reasonably requested to facilitate any such assignment, including 
an agreement to be bound by such assignment. 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039144 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165328 
EFTA01354549

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354550.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US12$ Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
As security for the payment and performance of its obligations under this Agreement (including its 
obligation to make capital contributions), each Limited Partner hereby assigns to the Partnership and the 
Partnership's assigns (including any Person to which the Partnership may assign such obligations as 
collateral for any borrowings), as a continuing security by way of first fixed charge, all of such Limited 
Partner's right, title, benefit and interest in and to such Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership. If a 
default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Partnership and the Partnership's assigns may exercise 
all the rights of a secured party under applicable law, including the power to sell or otherwise dispose of, 
for any consideration as the Partnership and the Partnership's assigns shall think fit, the whole or any part 
of such Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership. Upon request of the Partnership, and to the extent 
permitted under applicable law, each Limited Partner shall give, execute, file and record any notice, 
financing statement, continuation statement or other instrument, document or agreement that the 
Partnership or the Partnership's assigns may consider necessary or desirable to create, perfect, continue or 
validate the security interest granted hereby, or which the Partnership or the Partnership's assigns may 
consider necessary or desirable to exercise or enforce its rights hereunder with respect to such security 
interest. 
ARTICLE 7 - DISTRIBUTIONS 
7.1 
AMOUNT, TIMING AND FORM. 
7.1.1 
General. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the General Partner shall determine the amount, timing 
and form (whether in cash or in kind) of all distributions made by the Partnership. 
7.1.2 
Distribution of Proceeds of Investments. 
The Partnership shall distribute, in the manner described in this Article 7 or Article I0, as the case may 
be, all cash proceeds of its investments as promptly as practicable. Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, the General Partner in its sole discretion may cause the Partnership to retain proceeds of 
investments for any amounts necessary to create, in the General Partner's sole discretion, reserves for the 
payment of Partnership Expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under this Agreement. 
7.2 
DISCRETIONARY DISTRIBUTIONS. 
7.2.1 
General. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all distributions shall be made to and among the Partners 
pro rata in accordance with their Percentage Interests. 
The General Partner shall as necessary and in good faith adjust the amounts distributable to one or more 
Partners pursuant to this 7.2.1 to take into account (i) reserves established to pay Management Fees in 
future periods that are ultimately released or used to pay other Partnership Expenses, and (ii) other events 
or circumstances that would impact the amounts distributed to a Partner, provided that, any such 
adjustment shall, to the maximum extent possible, be intended to result in the Partners bearing the 
economic costs of the respective Management Fee attributed to them pursuant to 5.2.2.1 but otherwise 
sharing in the economic performance of the Partnership in proportion to their respective Subscriptions. 
Glendoocr Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039145 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185329 
EFTA01354550

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354551.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354551.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS12S Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
7.2.2 
Operational Rules. 
For purposes of 7.2.1 and this 7.2.2: 
(a) 
If distributions to which a Defaulting Partner otherwise would have been entitled have 
been withheld pursuant to 6.3.2, the amounts so withheld shall be treated as having been 
distributed to such Partner and any subsequent distributions of such amounts to the 
Defaulting Partner shall be disregarded: 
(b) 
Amounts treated as distributed to a Partner pursuant to 7.4 and the amounts of any 
reductions in the amounts otherwise distributable to a Partner pursuant to 11.1.8 shall be 
taken into account as if such amounts had been distributed to such Partner pursuant to 
7.2.1; 
(c) 
Distributions made to any Partner's predecessors in interest shall be treated as having 
been made to such Partner; 
(d) 
The amount of any distribution of securities in kind shall be equal to the fair market value 
of such securities at the time of distribution: and 
(e) 
If them are Defaulting Partners, distributions shall be modified to the extent required by 
Article 6; and references in this Article 7 to "Partners" and to "Limited Partner" shall be 
modified accordingly. 
SPECIAL DISTRIBUTIONS. 
Distributions of available cash corresponding to amounts of Partnership net income and gains that have 
been specially allocated to Partners pursuant to 8.3 shall be made, at such time or times as the General 
Partner in its discretion shall determine, to the Partners to whom such net income and gains have been 
allocated. No distribution made to a Partner pursuant to this 7.3 shall be taken into account in 
determining the amount previously distributed to (or to be distributed to) such Partner pursuant to the 
other provisions of this Article 7. 
7.4 
PAYMENT OF TAXES. 
7.4.1 
General. 
If the Partnership incurs an obligation to pay (directly or indirectly) any amount in respect of taxes with 
respect to amounts allocated or distributed to one or more Partners (including as a result of an audit or 
other tax proceeding), including but not limited to withholding taxes imposed on any Partner's or former 
Partner's share of the Partnership gross or net income and gains (or items thereof), income taxes, as well 
as any taxes imposed on the Partnership under Section 1446(f) of the Code (or any similar taxes imposed 
by any state, local or non-U.S. taxing authority) as a result of a Transfer with respect to which the Limited 
Partner was a party, any interest, penalties or additions to tax and any tax or other liability described in 
14.6.2 (in each case, 'Tax Liability"), or if the amount of a payment or distribution of cash or other 
property to the Partnership is reduced as a result of withholding or imposition of taxes, penalties and 
interest by other parties in satisfaction of any such Tax Liability: 
(a) 
All payments by the Partnership in satisfaction of such Tax Liability and all reductions in 
the amount of a payment or distribution that the Partnership otherwise would have 
received shall be treated, pursuant to this 7.4, as distributed to those Partners or former 
Otendoncr Accent Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Randal Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039146 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185330 
EFTA01354551

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354552.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS12S Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partners to which the related Tax Liability is attributable (and therefore shall reduce 
distributions under this Agreement to which such Partners otherwise would have been 
entitled), as determined by the General Partner in its reasonable discretion; and 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership and 
any other Indemnitee for its sham of any Tax Liability and for all claims, liabilities and 
expenses of whatever nature relating to the Partnership's or the Indemnitee's obligation 
to withhold and to pay over, or otherwise to pay, any withholding or other taxes payable 
by the Partnership or any of its Affiliates with respect to such Limited Partner or as a 
result of such Limited Partner's participation in the Partnership or as otherwise 
attributable to such Limited Partner or such Limited Partner's Interest. 
7.4.2 
Tax Liability. 
The General Partner, after consulting with the Partnership's accountants or other advisers. shall determine 
the amount, if any, of any Tax Liability attributable to any Partner. For this purpose, the General Partner 
shall be entitled to treat any Partner as ineligible for an exemption from or reduction in rate of such Tax 
Liability under a tax treaty or otherwise except to the extent that such Partner provides the General 
Partner with such written evidence as the General Partner or the relevant tax authorities may require to 
establish such Partner's entitlement to such exemption or reduction and may treat a Tax Liability as 
attributable to a Partner to the extent the Tax Liability is due to the Partner failing to provide such 
information or certifications regarding the Partner or its beneficial owners as the General Partner may 
reasonably request or as the relevant tax authorities may require. 
7.4.3 
Partnership Obligation. 
For purposes of this 7.4, any obligation to pay any amount in respect of any Tax Liability incurred by the 
General Partner with respect to income of or distributions made to any other Partner or former Partner 
shall constitute a Partnership obligation. 
7.5 
CERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS PROHIBITED. 
Anything in this Article 7 to the contrary notwithstanding, no distribution shall be made to any Partner if, 
and to the extent that, such distribution would not be permitted under Sections 17407(a) or 17-804(e) of 
the Delaware Act. 
ARTICLE 8 - CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS 
8.1 
CAPITAL ACCOUNTS. 
8.1.1 
Creation and Maintenance. 
There shall be established on the books of the Partnership a capital account for each Partner (such 
Partner's "Capital Account") that shall be: 
(a) 
Increased by (1) any capital contributions made to the Partnership by such Partner 
pursuant to this Agreement and (2) any amounts in the nature of income or gain allocated 
to such Partner pursuant to this Article 8 or Appendix II: 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039147 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185331 
EFTA01354552

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354553.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354553.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS12S Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(b) 
Decreased by (1) any distributions made to such Partner and (2) any amounts in the 
nature of loss or expense allocated to such Partner pursuant to this Article 8 or 
Appendix 11; and 
(c) 
Otherwise adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement including, but 
not limited to, 6.3.2(a)(5). 
8.1.2 
Timing of Allocations. 
Allocations of Net Gain, Net Loss, and any other items of income, gain, loss and deduction pursuant to 
this Article 8 and Appendix 11 shall be made for each fiscal year of the Partnership as of the end of such 
fiscal year; provided, however, that if the Carrying Value of the assets of the Partnership are adjusted in 
accordance with clause (ii) of the definition of "Carrying Value," the date of such adjustment shall be 
considered to be the end of a fiscal year for purposes of computing and allocating such Net Gain, Net 
Loss, and other items of income, gain, loss and deduction. 
8.1.3 
Compliance with Treasury Regulations. 
The provisions of this 8.1, including the provisions relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts, are 
intended to comply with Section 704(6) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b), and 
shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such regulations. 
8.2 
ALLOCATIONS OF NET GAIN OR LOSS. 
8.2.1 
Net Gain and Net Loss, Generally. 
Except as explicitly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, the items of income, gain, loss or deduction of 
the Partnership comprising Net Gain or Net Loss for a fiscal year shall be allocated by the General Partner 
among the Partners in a manner such that the Capital Account of each Partner, immediately after making 
such allocation, is, as nearly as possible. equal (proportionately) to: 
(a) 
the distributions that would be made to such Partner pursuant to 7.2.1 (as adjusted by the 
other provisions of Article 7) if (x) the Partnership were dissolved, its affairs wound up 
and its assets sold for cash equal to their Carrying Values, (y) all Partnership liabilities 
were satisfied (limited in the case of each Nonrecourse Liability to the Carrying Value of 
the assets securing such liability) and (z) the net assets of the Partnership were distributed 
in accordance with 7.2.1 (as adjusted by the other provision of Article 7) to the Partners 
immediately after making such allocations, minus 
(b) 
such Partner's share of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt 
Minimum Gain, computed immediately prior to the hypothetical sale of the assets. 
All allocations may be adjusted in the sole discretion of the General Partner to take into account any 
charges or adjustments to be made to a Partner's Capital Account under this Agreement, including but not 
limited to, expenses specially charged to a Partner or a Partner's Capital Account and for Defaulting 
Partners. 
Glendoocr Accetcc Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039148 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185332 
EFTA01354553

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354554.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354554.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSi2S Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
8.2.2 
Special Allocations of Items of Loss or Deduction. 
(a) 
Items of loss or expense shall be allocated to each Additional Limited Partner to offset 
such Partner's contribution of an interest-equivalent amount to the extent required by 
3.3.1(a)(4). 
(b) 
The Transfer Expenses, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to the transferor or 
the transferee of thc Partnership interest involved to the extent such party bears thc 
economic cost of such expenses pursuant to 11.1.8. 
(c) 
The amount of any deduction attributable to the Management Fee payable with respect to 
a particular Partner pursuant to 5.2.2.1 for a period shall be specially allocated to such 
Partner for such period. 
8.2.3 
Allocations Following a Default. 
Following the failure of a Limited Partner to make a contribution when due. allocations otherwise 
prescribed by this 8.2 shall be modified as set forth in 6.3.2, as the case may be. 
OTHER SPECIALLY ALLOCATED ITEMS. 
After giving effect to the special allocations set forth in Appendix II the following items of the 
Partnership shall be specially allocated in the manner set forth below. 
(a) 
The Partner Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to those Partners who 
made capital contributions that were used to acquire the Temporary Investments giving 
rise to such Partner Interest, in proportion to the relative amounts of their capital 
contributions that were so used. 
(b) 
The Delayed Payment Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to all Partners 
other than thc Partner liable to pay such interest in proportion to their respective 
Contributions. 
8.4 
ADMISSION OF ADDITIONAL PARTNERS. 
If any Person is admitted to the Partnership (or the Subscription of any existing Partner is increased) after 
the Initial Closing Date but on or before the Final Closing Date, subject to 3.3.1and 6.2.2, the General 
Partner shall adjust subsequent allocations of Partnership income, gain, loss and expense otherwise 
provided for in this Article 8 and Appendix II as necessary so that, after such adjustments have been made 
each Partner (other than a Defaulting Partner) shall have a Capital Account balance equal to the balance 
such Partner would have had if (a) it had been admitted to the Partnership on the Initial Closing Date with 
a Subscription equal to its Subscription immediately following such admission or increase, and (b) it had 
made all capital contributions in respect of such Subscription when originally due; provided, however. 
that the allocations otherwise required by this 8.4 shall be limited to those permitted by Section 706 of the 
Code. 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039149 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185333 
EFTA01354554

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354555.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
ARTICLE 9 - DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
9.1 
TERM OF PARTNERSHIP. 
The term of the Partnership shall continue until the first anniversary of the dissolution of the Underlying 
Fund (and accordingly, shall extend automatically upon any extension thereof), unless its term is extended 
as provided in this 9.1, or unless it is sooner dissolved as provided in 9.2 or 9.3 or by operation of law. 
The term of the Partnership may be extended by the General Partner in its sole discretion. The General 
Partner shall notify the Limited Partners promptly of any extension. 
9.2 
DISSOLUTION UPON WITHDRAWAL OF GENERAL PARTNER. 
(a) 
The Partnership shall be dissolved if there shall occur with respect to the General Partner 
any of the events of withdrawal described in Sections 17-402(a)(2) through 17-402(a)(1 I) 
of the Delaware Act, unless a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners elect to 
continue the Partnership and elect a replacement General Partner within ninety (90) days 
of the General Partner's withdrawal. 
(b) 
If the General Partner suffers an event that, with the passage of the period specified in the 
Delaware Act, becomes an event of withdrawal under Section 17-402(a)(4) or (5) of the 
Delaware Act, the General Partner shall notify each Limited Partner of the occurrence of 
such event within 30 days after the occurrence of such event (or within the maximum 
time then permitted under the Delaware Act). 
(c) 
The Partnership shall not be dissolved in the event of the dissolution, death, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, incompetence, disability, substitution or admission of any Limited Partner, or 
any other similar event involving the existence, status or organization of a Limited 
Partner. 
9.3 
DISSOLUTION BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
The General Partner may dissolve the Partnership and any of the Alternative Investment Vehicles at any 
time on not less than 30 days prior written notice to the Limited Partners. 
ARTICLE 10 - LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION 
10.1 
GENERAL 
Following dissolution, the Partnership's assets shall be liquidated in an orderly manner. The General 
Partner shall be the liquidator to wind up the affairs of the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement; 
provided, however, that if there shall be no remaining General Partner at that time, a majority-in-interest 
of the Limited Partners may designate one or more other Persons to act as the liquidator (or liquidators) 
instead of the General Partner. Any such liquidator, other than the General Partner, shall be a "liquidating 
trustee" within the meaning of Section 17-101(10) of the Delaware Act. 
10.2 
LIQUIDATING DISTRIBUTIONS. 
The liquidator shall pay or provide for the satisfaction of the Partnership's liabilities and obligations to 
creditors. In performing its duties, the liquidator is authorized to sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of 
the assets of the Partnership in such reasonable manner as the liquidator shall determine. All items of 
income, gain, loss and expense shall be allocated among the Partners in accordance with Article 8 and 
Glendower Acceto Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rodided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039150 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185334 
EFTA01354555

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354556.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354556.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Appendix II and the remaining assets of the Partnership shall then be distributed to the Partners in cash 
(to the extent feasible) or in kind, in the sole discretion of the liquidator, in proportion to the positive 
balances in their respective Capital Accounts, after such Capital Accounts have been adjusted to reflect 
any Net Gain or Net Loss attributable to a distribution in kind. During the liquidation of the Partnership, 
the liquidator shall furnish to the Partners the financial statements and other information specified in 14.2, 
subject to 14.7.8. 
103 
EXPENSES OF LIQUIDATOR. 
The expenses incurred by the liquidator in connection with winding up the Partnership and reasonable 
compensation for the services of the liquidator (if any) shall be borne by the Partnership. If the General 
Partner serves as the liquidator, it shall not be entitled to additional compensation for providing services 
in such capacity as long as it or an Affiliate continues to be entitled to payments of the Management Fees. 
10.4 
DURATION OF LIQUIDATION. 
A reasonable time shall be allowed for the winding up of the affairs of the Partnership in order to 
minimize any losses that might otherwise result. The liquidator shall use commercially reasonable efforts 
to carry out the liquidation in conformity with the timing requirements of Treasury Regulation 
Section I.704-1(bX2)(ii)(g), but will not be bound to do so or liable to any Partner for failure to do so. 
10.5 
LIABILITY FOR RETURNS. 
10.5.1 General. 
The liquidator, the General Partner and their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, 
directors, managers, employees, agents and Affiliates shall not be personally liable for the return of the 
capital contributions of any Partner. 
10.5.2 Limited Partner Obligations. 
No Limited Partner shall be obligated to restore to the Partnership any amount with respect to a negative 
Capital Account; provided, however, that this provision shall not affect the obligations of Partners to 
make their agreed-upon capital contributions and any other payments to the Partnership that are required 
under this Agreement or applicable law, including without limitation pursuant to 12.4. 
ARTICLE 11 - LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
11.1 
TRANSFERS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS. 
11.1.1 General. 
No assignment, pledge, mortgage, hypothecation, sale or other disposal of or encumbrance (each such act, 
a "Transfer") of a Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, in whole or in part, shall be made other 
than pursuant to this 11.1. Any attempted Transfer of all or any part of a Limited Partner's interest in the 
Partnership without compliance with this Agreement shall be void. Each Transfer (a) shall be subject to 
all of the terms, conditions, restrictions and obligations set forth in this Agreement and (b) shall be 
evidenced by a written agreement executed by the transferor, the transferee(s) and the General Partner, in 
form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, and be effective as of the first day or last day of a 
fiscal quarter (unless otherwise agreed to by the General Partner). 
Glendower Accetcc Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039151 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185335 
EFTA01354556

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354557.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354557.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.1.2 Consent of General Partner. 
The prior written consent of the General Partner, which may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion, 
shall be required for any Transfer of all or part of any Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, 
including a Transfer of solely an economic or synthetic interest in the Partnership. In determining 
whether to grant its consent to a Transfer, the General Partner shall take into account whether such 
Transfer would result in the "termination" of the Partnership pursuant to Section 708 of thc Code and, if 
so, whether such termination would result in material adverse income tax consequences or material 
additional expense to the Partnership or any Partner. 
11.1.3 No Public Trading in Partnership Interests. 
The General Partner shall not cause or permit any offering of interests in the Partnership to be registered 
under the Securities Act or to become "traded on an established securities market or the substantial 
equivalent thereof." and shall withhold its consent to any Transfer that. to the General Partner's 
knowledge after reasonable inquiry, otherwise would be accomplished by a trade on a "secondary market 
or the substantial equivalent thereof." in each case within the meaning of Sections 7704 or 469(k) of the 
Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations. 
11.1.4 No Recognition of Certain Transfers. 
No Transfer of any "partnership interest" (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(a)(2)) in 
the Partnership or portion thereof or derivative interest therein shall be permitted or "recognized" (within 
the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(d)) by the Partnership or the General Partner unless 
either (a) the General Partner determines that either such Transfer or the Partnership (immediately after 
such Transfer) will qualify, for a safe harbor set forth in the Treasury Regulations under Section 7704 or 
(b) the General Partner otherwise determines, after consulting with the Partnership's tax advisors, that 
such Transfer will not cause the Partnership to be treated as a publicly traded partnership under 
Section 7704(6) of the Code. 
11.1.5 Required Representations by Parties. 
(a) 
The transferor and each transferee shall provide to the General Partner, in connection 
with any proposed Transfer, written representations to the effect that: 
(I) 
The proposed Transfer will not be effected on or through (A) a United States 
national, regional or local securities exchange, (B) a foreign securities 
exchange or (C) an interdealer quotation system that regularly disseminates 
firm buy or sell quotations by identified brokers or dealers; and 
(2) 
Such Person is not, and its proposed Transfer or acquisition (as the case may 
be) will not be made by, through or on behalf of (A) a Person, such as a broker 
or a dealer, making a market in interests in the Partnership, or (B) a Person 
who makes available to the public bid or offer quotes with respect to interests 
in the Partnership. 
(b) 
The transferor and transferee(s) shall provide such additional written representations as 
the General Partner reasonably may request, including representations required by 14.6.4. 
(c) 
The General Partner and counsel to the Partnership shall be permitted to rely upon any 
representations made by the transferor and transferee(s), whether pursuant to 11.1.5(a) or 
Otendoisur Accent Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Randal Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039152 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185336 
EFTA01354557

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354558.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS126 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.1.5(b) or otherwise, and on written representations from other Partners made prior to 
or contemporaneously with such proposed Transfer. The General Partner, in its sole 
discretion, may waive its right to obtain any representations otherwise required by 
11.1.5(a) or 11.1.5(b). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each transferring Limited 
Partner and transferee shall provide such forms, documentation. proof of payment or 
other certifications as reasonably required by the General Partner to determine that the 
transferring Limited Partner and the transferee have complied with Section 1446(f) of the 
Code (ignoring for this purpose Section 1446(O(4) of the Code), and any similar 
provision of state, local or non-U.S. law. Each of the transferring Limited Partner and the 
transferee shall be jointly and severally liable and shall pay and/or reimburse and hold 
harmless the Partnership and the General Partner for any taxes imposed under Section 
1446(f) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. law) as a result of 
any Transfer with respect to which such Limited Partner or transferee was a party, 
together with any related costs and expenses. The obligations under this provision shall 
survive the transfer or termination of an interest in the Partnership, as well as the 
termination, dissolution, liquidation and winding up of the Partnership. 
11.1.6 Other Prohibited Legal Consequences. 
No Transfer shall be permitted, and the General Partner shall withhold its consent with respect thereto, if 
it determines in good faith that such Transfer would: 
(a) 
Result in the Partnership's assets becoming "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA, 
the Plan Assets Regulation or Section 4975 of the Code; 
(b) 
Result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code; 
(c) 
Result in close to 25% or more of the aggregate interests in the Partnership or any 
Alternative Investment Vehicle (excluding interests held by any person or entity (or an 
Affiliate of any person or entity) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to 
the assets of the Partnership (other than a "benefit plan investor")) being held by "benefit 
plan investors"; 
(d) 
Result in a violation of the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
(e) 
Require the Partnership to register as an investment company under the Investment 
Company Act; 
(f) 
Require the General Partner or any of its Affiliates to register as an investment adviser 
under the Advisers Act if it or they are not already so registered; 
Result in the Partnership being classified for United States federal income tax purposes as 
an association taxable as a corporation; 
(g) 
(h) 
Result in the Partnership being considered to be a "publicly traded partnership" under 
Section 7704 of the Code: 
Result in a breach of the terms of the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying 
Fund: or 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039153 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185337 
EFTA01354558

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354559.pdf
----------------------------------------
G10US12$ Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(j) 
Result in any interest in the Partnership being held by a transferee that is not an 
"accredited investor" (as defined under Regulation D of the Securities Act), a "qualified 
purchaser" (as defined in the Investment Company Act) and a "qualified client" (as 
defined under the Advisers Act), except in connection with the death of a Limited 
Partner. 
11.1.7 Opinion of Counsel. 
My Transfer otherwise permitted hereunder will be made only upon receipt by the Partnership of a 
written opinion of counsel for the Partnership, or of other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the General 
Partner, in form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, as to compliance with 11.1.6 and such 
other legal matters as the General Partner reasonably may request. The General Partner may waive, in 
whole or in part, the requirement of an opinion pursuant to this 11.1.7. 
11.1.8 Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses. 
My transferring Partner and such Partner's transferee, jointly and severally, shall be required to 
reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the General Partner, for any expenses reasonably incurred by 
the Partnership in connection with such Transfer, including the costs of seeking and obtaining the legal 
opinion required by 11.1.7 and any other legal, accounting and miscellaneous expenses ("Transfer 
Expenses"), whether or not such Transfer is consummated. The minimum Transfer Expenses for any 
Transfer shall be $5,000. At its election, and in any event if the transferor has not reimbursed the 
Partnership for any Transfer Expenses incurred by the Partnership in preparing for or consummating a 
proposed or completed Transfer within ten (10) days after the General Partner has delivered to such 
Partner written demand for payment, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, seek reimbursement 
from either the transferor or the transferee of such interest. If either the transferor or the transferee does 
not reimburse the Partnership for such Transfer Expenses within a reasonable time, the General Partner 
may reduce any distribution otherwise payable to either the transferor or the transferee by the amount of 
such Transfer Expenses or reduce the Capital Account of either the transferor or the transferee pursuant to 
6.3.2. The amount of any such reduction in the amount of any distribution that otherwise would have 
been made to either the transferor or the transferee shall be treated as having been distributed to such 
transferor or transferee. 
11.2 
ADMISSION OF SUBSTITUTED LIMITED PARTNERS. 
11.2.1 General. 
Any transferee of a Partnership interest transferred in accordance with the provisions of this Article 11 
shall be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner only with the General Partner's written consent, which 
consent may be withheld for any reason or for no reason. Without the written consent of the General 
Partner to such substitution and the written opinion of counsel required by 11.1.7 (or waiver thereof by 
the General Partner), no transferee of a Partnership interest shall be admitted as a Limited Partner. 
11.2.2 Effect of Admission. 
The transferee of an interest in the Partnership transferred pursuant to this Article 11 that is admitted to 
the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner shall succeed to the rights and liabilities of the transferor 
Limited Partner with respect to such interest and, after the effective date of such admission, the 
Subscription, Contribution and Capital Account of the transferor shall become the Subscription, 
Contribution and Capital Account of the transferee, to the extent of the interest transferred. If a transferee 
is not admitted to the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner, (a) such transferee shall have no right 
Glendmwr Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039154 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185338 
EFTA01354559

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354560.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354560.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS12S Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
to participate with the Limited Partners in any votes taken or consents granted or withheld by the Limited 
Partners hereunder, and (b) the transferor (or the estate, legal representative, or other successor of the 
original owner, if applicable) shall remain liable to the Partnership for all contributions and other amounts 
payable with respect to the transferred interest to the same extent as if no Transfer had occurred. 
113 
NON-COMPLIANT TRANSFER. 
If a Transfer has been proposed or attempted but has not satisfied the requirements of this Article II 
(including, as determined in good faith by the General Partner, any transaction which does not otherwise 
constitute a Transfer but a purpose of which is to achieve indirectly a result similar to that which would 
be achieved directly if such transaction were structured as a Transfer), the General Partner shall not admit 
the purported transferee as a substituted Limited Partner but, to the contrary, shall use its reasonable best 
efforts to ensure that the Partnership (a) continues to treat the transferor as the sole owner of the interest 
in the Partnership purportedly transferred, (b) makes no distributions to the purported transferee and 
(c) does not furnish to the purported transferee any tax or financial information regarding the Partnership. 
The General Partner shall also use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Partnership does not 
otherwise treat the purported transferee as an owner of any interest in the Partnership (either legal or 
equitable), unless required by law to do so. The Partnership shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, at 
the expense of the purported transferor, to prevent any such purported Transfer. 
11.4 
MULTIPLE OWNERSHIP. 
If the Transfer results in multiple ownership of any Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, the 
General Partner may require one or more trustees or nominees to be designated as representing a portion 
of or the entire interest transferred for purposes of (a) receiving all notices which may be given, and all 
payments which may be made, under this Agreement and (b) exercising all rights which the transferor as 
a Limited Partner has pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
11.5 
No WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no Partner shall have the right to withdraw from the 
Partnership, to withdraw its capital and profits from the Partnership, or to demand and receive any 
Partnership property in exchange for its interest in the Partnership. 
11.6 
REMOVAL OF A LIMITED PARTNER. 
The General Partner may require the complete or partial withdrawal of a Limited Partner if: (i) the 
General Partner determines in good faith that, in consequence of a change in the direct or indirect 
ownership or control of such Limited Partner, continued participation by such Limited Partner is 
inconsistent with the best interests of the Partnership; (ii) such Limited Partner has used or disclosed 
confidential information in violation of 14.7.8; or (iii) the General Partner determines in its reasonable 
discretion that continued ownership of such Limited Partner in the Partnership would (a) constitute or 
give rise to a violation of applicable law, or (b) otherwise subject the Partnership or the General Partner to 
material onerous legal, tax or other regulatory requirements that cannot reasonably be avoided without 
material adverse consequences to any other Partner or the Partnership. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have the sole discretion to apply the provisions of 
this 11.6 to each investor of any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis. 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rattled limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039155 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185339 
EFTA01354560

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354561.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354561.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.7 
LOOK-THROUGH TREATMENT. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, apply any provision of this Agreement to the limited partners of a Feeder Fund on a look-
through basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 12 - EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 
12.1 
EXCULPATION. 
12.1.1 General. 
No Covered Person, whether or not such Person remains a Covered Person, shall be liable to the 
Partnership or any Partner for any loss suffered by the Partnership or any Partner which arises out of any 
investment or any other action or omission of such Covered Person if (a) such Covered Person acted in 
good faith, (b) such conduct did not constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct and (c) with respect 
to any criminal action or proceeding, such Covered Person had no reasonable cause to believe that his or 
her conduct was unlawful. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that, 
at law or in equity, a Partner has duties (including fiduciary• duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the 
Partnership, any Partner or any other Person that is bound by this Agreement, such Partner acting under 
this Agreement shall not be liable to the Partnership, any Partner or any other Person bound by this 
Agreement for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement, and the provisions of this 
Agreement, to the extent that they restrict or eliminate the duties (including fiduciary duties) and 
liabilities (by specifying a duty of care or otherwise) of a Partner otherwise existing at law or in equity, 
are agreed by each Partner to replace such duties and liabilities. For purposes of this Article 12, (i) 
"Covered Person" shall mean the Investment Manager, the General Partner (including without limitation 
the General Partner acting as Tax Matters Partner, Partnership Representative or as liquidator), the 
members of the General Partner, the respective officers, directors, managers, members or partners, of the 
Investment Manager or General Partner, each partner, member, stockholder, officer, director, manager, 
employee. agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, and the Administrator, and (ii) the General Partner 
shall be responsible for determining in its sole discretion if clauses (a), (b) and (c) of the first sentence of 
this 12.1.1 were satisfied. 
12.1.2 Activities of Others. 
No Covered Person shall be liable for the negligence, whether by action or omission, dishonesty or bad 
faith of any employee, broker or other agent of the Partnership selected by any Covered Person with 
reasonable care. 
12.13 Liquidator. 
No Person other than the General Partner that serves as liquidator pursuant to Article 10 shall be liable to 
the Partnership or any Partner for any loss suffered by the Partnership or any Partner which arises out of 
any action or omission of such Person, provided that such Person acted in good faith and, with respect to 
any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that such Person's conduct was 
unlawful. 
12.1.4 Advice of Experts. 
No Covered Person and no Person serving as liquidator shall be liable to the Partnership or any Partner 
with respect to any action or omission taken or suffered by any of them in good faith if such action or 
Glendower Mee:Kt Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039156 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185340 
EFTA01354561

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354562.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354562.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
omission is taken or suffered in reliance upon and in accordance with the opinion or advice of legal 
counsel (as to matters of law), or of accountants (as to matters of accounting), or of investment bankers, 
accounting firms, or other appraisers (as to matters of valuation), provided that any such professional or 
finn is selected by any such Person with reasonable cam. 
12.2 
INDEMNIFICATION. 
12.2.1 General. 
The Covered Persons, each liquidator and each partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, manager, 
trustcc, employee, agent and Affiliate of any of the foregoing (each, an -Indemnitce") shall be 
indemnified (whether or not the Indemnitee continues to serve in such capacity at the time such action, 
suit or proceeding is brought or threatened), subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, by the 
Partnership (out of Partnership assets, including unpaid Subscriptions, the proceeds of liability insurance 
and as set forth in 12.4) against any claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense 
(including legal and accounting fees and expenses, costs of investigations and sums paid in settlement), 
judgment and/or liability of any kind or nature, whatsoever or however arising incurred by or imposed 
upon the Indemnitee in connection with any action, suit or proceeding (including any proceeding before 
any administrative or legislative body or agency), to which the Indemnitee may be made a party or 
otherwise involved or with which the Indemnitee shall be threatened, by reason of the Indemnitee's being 
at the time the cause of action arose or thereafter, a Covered Person, a liquidator, a partner, member, 
stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, or a 
partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, manager. trustee, employee, consultant or agent of any 
other organization in which the Partnership owns or has owned an interest or of which the Partnership is 
or was a creditor, which other organization the Indemnitee serves or has served as a partner, member. 
stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, consultant or agent at the request of the 
Partnership, or by reason of actions or omissions taken or suffered in any such capacity. 
12.2.2 Limitation on Indemnification. 
An lndemnitee shall not be indemnified with respect to matters as to which the Indemnitee shall have 
been finally adjudicated in any such action, suit or proceeding (a) to have acted in bad faith or to have 
acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct, or (b) with respect to any criminal action or 
proceeding, to have had reasonable cause to believe that such Person's conduct was unlawful. 
12.2.3 Advance Payment of Expenses. 
The Partnership may. in the General Partner's sole discretion, pay the expenses incurred by an Indemnitee 
in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with claims arising in connection 
with any potential or threatened action, suit or proceeding, in advance of the final disposition of such 
action, suit or proceeding, upon (a) the assignment by such Indemnitee of any and all rights that the 
Indemnitee may have to seek indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such action, 
suit or proceeding, and (b) the execution of a written agreement between the Partnership and the 
Indemnitee reflecting that, as a result of the advancement of such expenses, the Partnership is subrogated 
to the Indemnitee's rights to pursue a claim for indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with 
respect to such action, suit or proceeding, and (c) the receipt of an undertaking by such Indemnitee to 
repay such payment if the Indemnitee shall be determined to be not entitled to indemnification for such 
expenses pursuant to this Article 12.2 (whether by virtue of such person's conduct, the receipt of a 
corresponding indemnification payment from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such matter, or 
otherwise); provided, however, that in such instance the Indemnitee is not defending an actual or 
threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding against the Indemnitee by the General Partner directly or 
Glendower Mee:Kt Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039157 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185341 
EFTA01354562

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354563.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354563.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
indirectly through the Partnership (or by the Indemnitee against the Partnership and/or the General 
Partner). 
12.2.4 Insurance. 
At its election, the General Partner may cause the Partnership to purchase and maintain insurance, at the 
expense of the Partnership and to the extent available, for the protection of any Indemnitee or potential 
Indemnitee against any liability incurred in any capacity which results in such Person being an 
Indemnitee (provided that such Person is serving or has served in such capacity at the request of the 
Partnership or the General Partner), whether or not the Partnership has the power to indemnify such 
Person against such liability. The General Partner may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of and 
at the expense of the Partnership for the protection of any officer, director, manager, employee or other 
agent of any other organization in which the Partnership owns an interest or of which the Partnership is a 
creditor against similar liabilities, whether or not the Partnership has the power to indemnify any Person 
against such liabilities. 
12.2.5 Successors. 
The foregoing right of indemnification shall inure to the benefit of the executors, administrators, personal 
representatives, successors or assigns of each such Indemnitee. 
12.2.6 Rights to Indemnification from Other Sources. 
12.2.6.1 
Indemnification from Other Sources. 
The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred in this 12.2 shall not be exclusive 
and shall be in addition to any rights to which any Indemnitee may otherwise be entitled or hereafter 
acquire under any law, statute, rule, regulation, charter document, by-law, contract or agreement. 
12.2.6.2 
Priority of ndemnity Obligations. 
If an Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification in respect of the same claim, demand, controversy, dispute, 
cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability from the Partnership 
pursuant to this Article 12 and from one or more Third-Party Indemnifiers (or their insurance providers, 
as applicable), then the Partnership shall make indemnification payments to such Indemnitee under this 
12.2 with respect to such claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including 
attorneys' fees). judgment and/or liability only to the extent that (i) the amount of indemnification 
payments that the Partnership would otherwise be required to make under this 12.2 in the absence of such 
right to indemnification from such Third-Party Indemnifiers exceeds (ii) the aggregate amount of 
indemnification payments actually received by such Indemnitee with respect to such claim, demand, 
controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability 
from such Third-Party Indemnifiers. Solely for purposes of clarification, and without expanding the 
scope of indemnification pursuant to this 12.2, the Partners hereby expressly intend that the provisions of 
this 12.2.6.2 shall be interpreted to reflect an ordering of liability for potentially overlapping or 
duplicative indemnification payments to an Indemnitee, with any applicable Third-Part• Indemnifiers 
having primary liability, the Partnership having only secondary liability, and the General Partner having 
only tertiary liability. In the event the Partnership makes any indemnification payments to an Indemnitee 
with respect to a claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' 
fees), judgment and/or liability, the Partnership shall be, automatically and without the need for any 
further action on the part of any Person, subrogated to the Indemnitee's rights to pursue a claim for 
indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such claim, demand, controversy, dispute, 
Glendov,cr Aecc& Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039158 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185342 
EFTA01354563

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354564.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354564.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US12$ Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorney's' fees), judgment and/or liability. To the extent that the 
Partnership is required to provide indemnification payments to an Indemnitee pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement, it hereby waives and releases the General Partner and their respective Affiliates (other than 
the Partnership) from any claims for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in 
respect of such indemnification payments from the Partnership. 
12.2.7 Discretionary Limitation by General Partner. 
Notwithstanding 12.2.1 and 12.2.3, the General Partner in its sole discretion may limit or eliminate 
indemnification payments that otherwise would be made by the Partnership to any Indemnitee. 
12.3 
LIMITATION BY LAW. 
If any Covered Person or Indemnitee or the Partnership itself is subject to any law, rule or regulation 
which restricts the extent to which any Person may be exculpated or indemnified by the Partnership, the 
exculpation provisions set forth in 12.1 and the indemnification provisions set forth in 12.2, as applied to 
such Covered Person or Indemnitee or the Partnership, shall be deemed to be amended, automatically and 
without further action by thc Partners. to thc minimum extent necessary to conform to such restrictions. 
12.4 
RETURN OF CERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Partnership incurs a liability or 
obligation under this Article 12 or otherwise (including, but not limited to, the obligation to return, 
recontribute or reinvest a distribution received from the Underlying Fund pursuant to and in accordance 
with the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund), then the General Partner may require that 
each Partner return to the Partnership distributions received from the Partnership pursuant to Articles 7 
and 10, upon not less than seven (7) days' prior written notice from the General Partner, equal to its pro 
rata share, based on the relative Subscriptions of the Partners of the amount necessary to satisfy such 
liability or obligation; provided that such amounts shall not exceed 25% of all distributions received by 
such Partner from the Partnership, unless the Partnership is othenvise required to return distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund (in which case 
such Partner would be required to bear its proportionate share of any such return obligation),. In addition, 
no Partner shall be required to return distributions to the Partnership after the 18-month anniversary of the 
last day of the term of the Partnership as set forth in 9.1, provided that if at the end of such period there 
are any proceedings or claims outstanding (including any proceedings or claims relating to the Underlying 
Fund), the General Partner shall notify the Partners and the obligation to indemnify shall be extended 
until the date such proceedings or claims arc ultimately resolved and distributions arc returned to the 
Partners in respect thereof. A Partner's obligation to return distributions to the Partnership under this 12.4 
shall survive the liquidation of the Partnership and the withdrawal of a Partner from the Partnership, and 
the Partnership may pursue and enforce all rights and remedies it may have against each Partner under 
this 12.4, including treating such Partner as a Defaulting Partner with all the rights and remedies of the 
Partnership set forth in 6.3. The provisions of this 12.4 shall not be construed or interpreted as inuring to 
the benefit of any creditor of any of the Partnership, a Limited Partner, the General Partner or any 
Indemnitee. 
Glendower Accetcc Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039159 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185343 
EFTA01354564

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354565.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUSi2S Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
ARTICLE 13 - AMENDMENTS, VOTING AND CONSENTS 
13.1 
AMENDMENTS. 
13.1.1 Consent of Partners. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Agreement may be 
waived on behalf of all Partners, modified, terminated or amended, during or after the term of the 
Partnership. with the prior written consent of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited 
Partners: provided, however, that any provision of this Agreement requiring the written vote or consent of 
a greater percentage in interest of the Partners may be waived on behalf of all Partners, modified. 
terminated or amended only with the vote or written consent of the General Partner and such greater 
percentage in interest of the Partners as is required by such provision. Notwithstanding the other 
provisions of this Article 13, the General Partner, without the consent of any other Partner, may amend 
any provision of this Agreement (a) to the extent such amendment does not subject any Limited Partner to 
any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or waive in any material respect the duties and 
obligations of the General Partner to the Partnership or the Limited Partners, (b) to cure any ambiguity or 
correct or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent with any other provision herein or 
to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that this Agreement shall accurately reflect the 
agreement among the Partners, (c) is necessary in order to comply with any fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (d) to address changes in financial, regulatory or 
tax legislation, which amendment may include reorganizing or reconstituting the Partnership, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the economic returns of the Limited 
Partners. 
13.1.2 Amendments Affecting Partners' Economic Rights. 
No amendment shall increase the Subscription of any Limited Partner or dilute the interest of any Limited 
Partner relative to the interests of the other Limited Partners in the profits or capital of the Partnership or 
in allocations or distributions attributable to the ownership of such interest without the prior written 
consent of such Limited Partner, except such dilution as may result from additional Subscriptions from 
the Partners or the admission of Additional Limited Partners pursuant to this Agreement, and pursuant to 
an exercise of remedies by the Partnership under 3.3.3 and 6.3. 
13.1.3 Consent to Amend ERISA Provisions. 
Without the prior written consent of a majority-in-interest of all ERISA Partners, the text of 4.2, 1 1 .1.6(a) 
and this 13.1.3 shall not be amended. 
13.1.4 Notice of Amendments. 
The General Partner shall famish copies of any amendments to this Agreement to all Partners, other than 
changes in the List of Partners to reflect the admission, withdrawal or substitution of Partners, changes in 
the addresses of Partners or otherwise in accordance with 3.1, and changes in the Subscriptions of 
Partners (in each case occurring pursuant to this Agreement), which shall not require the consent of or 
notice to any Limited Partner. 
13.1.5 Negative Consent. 
Any consent or approval required pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (including, without limitation, 
(i) any required consent to a transaction that would result in an "assignment" (within the meaning of the 
Otendov,er Accetcc Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039160 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165344 
EFTA01354565

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354566.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354566.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Advisers Act) of any management agreement or other similar agreement, or (ii) any approvals required 
under the Advisers Act, including approvals required under Section 206(3) thereof) may be obtained by 
the General Partner sending notice to the Limited Partners of the requested consent or approval and 
instructing the Limited Partners who object to such consent or approval to notify the General Partner of 
their objection in writing within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request. In such case, 
Limited Partners who have not so objected to a proposed consent or approval request 
be deemed to 
have consented to or approved any such request. 
13.2 
VOTING AND CONSENTS. 
Whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a specified percentage in interest of the 
Limited Partners, such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon the written vote or written consent 
of those Limited Partners whose Contributions represent the specified percentage of the aggregate 
Contributions of all Limited Partners at the time (including any negative consents pursuant to 13.1.5). 
Similarly, whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a specified percentage in interest 
of a specified class or group of Limited Partners such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon the 
written vote or written consent of those Limited Partners of such class or group whose Contributions 
represent the specified percentage of the aggregate Contributions of all Limited Partners of such class or 
group at the time (including any negative consents pursuant to 13.1.5). For these purposes, a 
majority-in-interest shall mean a percentage in interest in excess of 50%, and Non-Voting Interests, if 
any, shall not be taken into account. Any limited partner interest held by the General Partner or any 
Defaulting Partner shall be deemed a Non-Voting Interest. For the avoidance of doubt, the General 
Partner intends to cause the Partnership to vote its interest in the Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
ARTICLE 14 - ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
14.1 
KEEPING OF ACCOUNTS AND RECORDS; CERTIFICATE OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. 
14.1.1 Accounts and Records. 
(a) 
At all times the General Partner shall cause to be kept proper and complete books of 
account, in which shall be entered fully and accurately the transactions of the Partnership. 
Such books of account shall be kept on the accrual method of accounting. The General 
Partner shall also maintain: (I) an executed copy of this Agreement (and any 
amendments hereto) as may be in effect from time to time; (2) the Certificate of Limited 
Partnership of the Partnership (and any amendments thereto) as may be in effect from 
time to time; (3) executed copies of any powers of attorney pursuant to which any 
document described in clause (I) or (2) has been executed by the Partnership; (4) the List 
of Partners; (5) copies of all tax returns filed by the Partnership for each of the prior three 
years; and (6) all financial statements of the Partnership for each of the prior three years. 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner shall be entitled to receive a copy of the signature page to this 
Agreement signed by such Limited Partner, and relevant information regarding. such 
Limited Partner, but, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall not otherwise be entitled 
to receive or have access to the signature pages to this Agreement. In addition, the 
General Partner shall have the right in its discretion to keep confidential from the Limited 
Partners, for such period of time as the General Partner deems appropriate, any 
information which the General Partner reasonably believes to be in the nature of trade 
secrets or other information the disclosure of which the General Partner in good faith 
believes is not in the best interest of the Partnership or its business or any Limited 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039161 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185345 
EFTA01354566

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354567.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354567.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0USI25 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partner, or that the Partnership is required by law or agreement with a third party to keep 
confidential. 
14.1.2 Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
The General Partner shall file for record with the appropriate public authorities and, if required, publish 
the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership and any amendments thereto. 
14.2 
FINANCIAL REPORTS. 
14.2.1 Annual Financial Statements. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to transmit to each Partner, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the close of each fiscal year (subject to the time the Partnership receives the 
relevant information from the Underlying Fund), the audited financial statements of the Partnership for 
such fiscal year. Commencing with the fiscal year in which the Initial Drawdown Date occurs and for 
each fiscal year thereafter, such financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles in the United States or another comprehensive basis of accounting, in each 
cast consistently applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement except that Partnership assets 
shall be valued in accordance with 14.3. 
14.2.2 Annual Tax Information. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to transmit to each Partner, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the close of each Partnership fiscal year (subject to the time the Partnership 
receives the relevant information from the Underlying Fund), such Partner's Schedule K-1 (Internal 
Revenue Service Form 1065) or an equivalent report indicating such Partner's sham of all items of 
income or gain, expense, loss or other deduction and tax credit of the Partnership for such year, as well as 
the status of such Partner's Capital Account as of the end of such year, and such additional information as 
such Partner reasonably may request to enable it to complete its tax returns or to fulfill any other reporting 
requirements, provided that the General Partner can obtain such additional information without 
unreasonable effort or expense: provided that it is understood that the Partnership does not expect to be 
able to deliver Schedules K-I to the Partners prior to April 15 of each year, and accordingly, the Partners 
will be required to obtain extensions for filing their federal, state and local income tax returns. 
14.2.3 Quarterly Reports. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to furnish to each Limited Partner, as soon 
as reasonably practicable following the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of 
the Partnership (subject to the time the Partnership receives the relevant information from the Underlying 
Fund), quarterly reports of the Partnership for the quarter then ended; provided, however, that this 14.2.3 
shall not apply to any fiscal quarter prior to the fiscal quarter in which the Partnership invests in the 
Underlying Fund. 
14.2.4 Information Rights. 
Limited Partners will not receive all of the information or reports that arc provided to direct limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, even though the General Partner may have access to such information. 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039162 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185346 
EFTA01354567

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354568.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI2S Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.3 
VALUATION. 
14.3.1 Valuation by General Partner. 
Whenever valuation of Partnership assets or net assets is required by this Agreement, the General Partner 
shall determine the fair market value thereof in good faith in accordance with this 14.3. 
14.3.2 Freely Tradable Securities. 
The fair market value of any security owned by the Partnership that is a Freely Tradable Security and 
which is distributed by the Partnership shall be determined as of the close of trading on the date 
immediately prior to the date as of which the value is being determined and shall be equal to the last 
reported trade price of such security on such prior date on the exchange where it is primarily traded or, if 
such security is not traded on an exchange, such security shall be valued at the last reported sale price on 
an established quotation service for over-the-counter securities. For purposes of the preceding sentence, 
the "last reported" trade price or sale price or "closing" bid price of a security on any trading day shall be 
deemed to be: (a) with respect to securities traded primarily on the New York Stock Exchange or the 
American Stock Exchange, the last reported trade price or sale price, as the case may be, as of 4:00 p.m., 
New York time, on that day, and (b) for securities listed, traded or quoted on any other exchange, market, 
system or service, the market price as of the end of the "regular hours" trading period that is generally 
accepted as such by such exchange, market, system or service. 
14.3.3 Other Assets. 
The General Partner will value other assets of the Partnership in good faith and generally based on the 
valuation of such assets received from the Underlying Fund. The General Partner may also consider other 
relevant factors, which may include, without limitation: quarterly and annual reports received from the 
Underlying Fund; the current financial position and current and historical operating results of the issuer. 
sales prices of recent public or private transactions in the same or similar securities, including transactions 
on any securities exchange on which such securities are listed or in the over-the-counter market; general 
level of interest rates; recent trading volume of the security: restrictions on transfer; significant recent 
events affecting the Underlying Fund; the price paid by the Partnership to acquire the asset; and the 
percentage of the issuer's outstanding securities that is owned by the Partnership. 
14.3.4 Goodwill and Intangible Assets. 
In determining the fair market value of the assets of the Partnership, no allowance of any kind shall be 
made for goodwill or the name of the Partnership or of the General Partner, the Partnership's office 
records, files and statistical data or any intangible assets of the Partnership in the nature of or similar to 
goodwill. The Partnership's goodwill shall, as among the Partners, be deemed to have no value, and no 
Partner shall have any right or claim individually to the use of the Partnership's name or the goodwill 
thereof. 
14.4 
NOTICES. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement. all notices, requests, consents, approvals and 
statements shall be in writing and, if properly addressed to the recipient, shall be deemed given if 
(a) delivered personally to the recipient; (b) mailed by first class mail (or if sent to or from outside the 
United States, by airmail), postage prepaid; (c) sent by electronic mail or electronic facsimile 
transmission; or (d) delivered by a reputable overnight courier service. Notices shall be deemed to be 
properly addressed, if to the Partnership, at its principal office, and if to any Partner, if addressed to its 
Otendovier Accent Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Sanded Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039163 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165347 
EFTA01354568

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354569.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354569.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
address, facsimile number or electronic mail address, as applicable, as set forth in the List of Partners, or 
to such other address or facsimile number as the addressee previously may have specified by written 
notice given in the manner specified in this 14.4 to the Partnership, in the case of the Limited Partners, or 
to the Limited Partners, in the case of the Partnership or the General Partner. Notices shall be deemed 
received one Business Day after they are given, sent or delivered, except that notices sent by first class 
mail shall be deemed received three Business Days after they arc mailed. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this 14.4, the General Partner, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be deemed to 
have satisfied its obligations to transmit notices, financial statements and reports pursuant to this 14.4 
(other than United States Federal tax statements, schedules and forms if and to the extent not permitted by 
law to be made available in a manner described in this sentence) and amendments to this Agreement 
pursuant to 13.1.4 if the General Partner posts such financial statements, reports and/or amendments on a 
web site and gives notice to the Limited Partners pursuant to the preceding sentences in this 14.4, of the 
availability of such financial statements, reports and/or amendments, the URL address of the web site and 
a password for access to such web site, if necessary. 
14.5 
ACCOUNTING PROVISIONS. 
14.5.1 Fiscal Year. 
The fiscal year of the Partnership shall be the calendar year or, if the Partnership is required to use a 
different year as its taxable year for federal income tax purposes, such other year. 
14.5.2 Independent Accountants. 
The Partnership's independent public accountants shall at all times be a nationally or regionally 
recognized independent public accounting firm selected by the General Partner. The General Partner may 
change the Partnership's accountants from time to time. 
14.6 
TAX PROVISIONS. 
14.6.1 Classification as Partnership. 
The General Partner (a) will not cause or permit the Partnership to elect ( I) to be excluded from the 
provisions of Subchapter K of Chapter 1 of the Code or (2) to be treated as a corporation for federal 
income tax purposes or (3) to be treated as an "electing large partnership" as defined in Section 775 of the 
Code; (b) will cause the Partnership to make any election reasonably determined to be necessary or 
appropriate in order to ensure the treatment of the Partnership as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. (c) will cause the Partnership to file any required tax returns in a manner consistent with its 
treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and (d) shall not take any action that 
would be inconsistent with the treatment of the Partnership as a partnership for such purposes. 
14.6.2 Tax Matters Partner; Partner Tax Information; FATCA. 
(a) 
For fiscal years of the Partnership ending prior to January I, 2018 (or if the effective date 
of Section 1101 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (the "BBA') is extended, such later 
extended date), the "tax matters partner," as defined in Section 6231 of the Code, of the 
Partnership (the "Tax Matters Partner") shall be the General Partner. All expenses 
incurred by the Tax Matters Partner, or the Partnership Representative, in its capacity as 
such (including professional fees for such accountants, attorneys and agents as the Tax 
Matters Partner, or the Partnership Representative, in its sole discretion determines are 
Glendoocr Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039164 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SIDNY GM_00185348 
EFTA01354569

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354570.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
necessary• to or useful in the performance of its duties in that capacity) shall be borne by 
the Partnership. 
(b) 
For fiscal years of the Partnership beginning after December 31, 2017 (or if the effective 
date of Section 1101 of the BBA is extended, such later extended date): (i) the General 
Partner shall be designated the `partnership representative" within the meaning of 
Section 6223(a) of the Code (the "Partnership Representative") and the General Partner 
shall be authorized to take any actions necessary• under Treasury• Regulations or other 
guidance to cause the General Partner to be designated as such; (ii) the Partnership and 
each Partner agree that they shall be bound by the actions taken by the Partnership 
Representative, as described in Section 6223(b) of the Code; (iii) the Partners consent to 
the election set forth in Section 6226(a) of the Code and agree to take any action, and 
furnish the General Partner with any information necessary, to give effect to such election 
if the General Partner decides to make such election; and (iv) any imputed underpayment 
imposed on the Partnership pursuant to Code Section 6232 of the Code (and any related 
interest, penalties or other additions to tax) that the General Partner reasonably 
determines is attributable to one or more Partners shall be promptly paid by such Partners 
to the Partnership (pro rata in proportion to their respective shares of such 
underpayment) within 15 days following the General Partner's request for payment (and 
any failure to pay such amount shall result in a subsequent reduction in distributions 
otherwise payable to such Partner plus interest on such amount calculated at the Prime 
Rate plus 2%). Any references to Code Sections set forth in this 14.6.2(b) refer to those 
Sections as in effect for fiscal years of the Partnership beginning after December 31, 
2017 (or if the effective date of Section 1101 of the BBA is extended, such later extended 
date). For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the costs of any action taken by or on behalf of the 
General Partner, the Partnership or their respective Affiliates pursuant to this 14.6.2(b) 
shall be borne by the Limited Partner benefitting from such action (together with the 
other Limited Partners similarly benefitting from such actions, in proportion to their 
respective Percentage Interests), (ii) the General Partner will be entitled to rely 
conclusively on the advice of the Partnership's independent accountant or other tax 
advisor in making any determination in respect of the partnership tax audit rules 
prescribed by the BBA, and (iii) the General Partner shall not be required to indemnify 
any Limited Partner or the Partnership with respect to any taxes incurred under such 
partnership tax audit rules. 
(c) 
Each Partner shall provide to the Partnership upon request such information, forms or 
representations which the General Partner may reasonably request with respect to the 
Partnership's compliance with applicable tax laws, including, any information, forms or 
representations requested by the General Partner to assist in obtaining any exemption, 
reduction or refund of any withholding or other taxes imposed by any taxing authority or 
other governmental agency upon the Partnership or amounts paid to the Partnership. 
Each Partner agrees to promptly provide the General Partner such information regarding 
the Partner and its beneficial owners and forms as the General Partner requests so that the 
Partnership may avoid any adverse consequences under FATCA. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this Agreement or the Partner's subscription agreement, if 
any, the Partner hereby waives the application of any non-U.S. law, to the extent such 
law would prevent the Partnership or the General Partner from reporting to the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service and/or the U.S. Treasury or any other governmental authority 
any information required to be reported with respect to such Partner, its beneficial owners 
or the Partnership. 
Glendoocr Accetcc Secondary Opportunitios IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039165 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165349 
EFTA01354570

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354571.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each Limited Partner 
agrees to provide any information or certifications (including without limitation 
information about such Limited Partner's direct and indirect owners) that may reasonably 
be requested by the Partnership to allow the Partnership, the Underlying Fund or any 
member of any --expanded affiliated group" (as defined in Section 147I(e)(2) of the 
Code) to which the Partnership or the Underlying Fund belongs to (I) enter into, maintain 
or otherwise comply with the agreement contemplated by Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
under any applicable intergovernmental agreement entered into between the United States 
and another country (or under any applicable local country legislation enacted pursuant to 
such intergovernmental agreement) to which the Partnership or the Underlying Fund may 
be subject; (2) satisfy any information reporting requirements imposed by FATCA; and 
(3) satisfy, any requirements necessary to avoid withholding taxes under FATCA with 
respect to any payments to be received or made by the Partnership or the Underlying 
Fund. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each Limited Partner 
further agrees that, if such Limited Partner fails to comply with any of the requirements 
of this 14.6.2 in a timely manner or if the General Partner determines that such Limited 
Partner's participation in the Partnership would otherwise have a material adverse effect 
on the Partnership or the Partners as a result of FATCA, then (I) the General Partner, in 
its sole discretion, may (A) cause such Limited Partner to transfer its interest in the 
Partnership to a third party (including, without limitation, an existing Partner) or 
otherwise withdraw from the Partnership in exchange for consideration which the 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, after taking into account all relevant facts and 
circumstances surrounding such transfer or withdrawal (including, without limitation, the 
desire to effect such transfer or withdrawal as expeditiously as possible in order to 
minimize any adverse effect on the Partnership and the other Partners as a result of 
FATCA), deems to be appropriate or (B) take any other action the General Partner deems 
in good faith to be reasonable to minimize any adverse effect on the Partnership and the 
other Partners as a result of FATCA: and (2) unless otherwise agreed by the General 
Partner in writing, the Limited Partner shall, to the maximum extent permitted by 
applicable law. indemnify the Partnership for all loss, cost, expenses, damage, claims and 
demands (including, but not limited to, any withholding tax, penalties or interest suffered 
by the Partnership) arising as a result of such Limited Partner's failure to comply with the 
above requirements in a timely manner. 
(0 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the provisions of 7.4 
and this 14.6.2 will survive the liquidation or dissolution of the Partnership and each 
Partner agrees to continue to be bound to the terms of 7.4 and this 14.6.2 following such 
Partner's termination of its interest in the Partnership. 
14.6.3 Section 1045 Rollovers. 
Each Limited Partner agrees that (a) with respect to its limited partnership interest, it will not require the 
Partnership to elect, and the Partnership shall not be required to elect, the application of Section 1045 of 
the Code (dealing with rollovers of gains realized on the disposition of "qualified small business stock" as 
defined in Section 1202 of the Code) or any similar provisions of any state income tax law; (b) without 
the prior written consent of the General Partner, such Partner will not make any election referred to in the 
preceding clause (a) if such election would impose on the Partnership or the General Partner any 
obligation (including, but not limited to, any obligation to furnish information, maintain records or file 
returns or other documents); and (c) the Partnership shall not be required to comply with any tax reporting 
Gleodov,er Accesc Secondary Opportunities R• (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Regaled limited Partnership Agreauenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039166 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165350 
EFTA01354571

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354572.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354572.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
or accounting requirements (including, but not limited to, those relating to the adjustment of the tax basis 
of any asset of the Partnership or the interest in the Partnership of any Partner) that may be imposed under 
Section 1045 of the Code, and shall not be required to provide any information necessary to enable such 
Partner to comply with or elect the application of Section 1045 of the Code, in each case with respect to 
rollovers of qualified small business stock by the Partnership or by or on behalf of any Partner. 
14.6.4 Electing Investment Partnership. 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees and covenants that it shall not make an election under Section 732(d) 
of the Code without the prior written consent of the General Partner. The General Partner may, but shall 
not be obligated to, cause the Partnership to make an election under Section 754 of the Code or an 
election to be treated as an "electing investment partnership" within the meaning of Section 743(e) of the 
Code. If the Partnership elects to be treated as an electing investment partnership, each Limited Partner 
shall (i) cooperate with the Partnership to maintain such status. (ii) not take any action that would be 
inconsistent with such election, (iii) provide the General Partner with any information necessary to allow 
the Partnership to comply with its tax reporting and other obligations as an electing investment 
partnership, and (iv) provide the General Partner and such Limited Partner's transferee, promptly 
following the transfer of such Limited Partner's interest, with the information required under the Code, 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2005-32 (or any successor guidance) or otherwise to be furnished to the 
Partnership or such transferee, including such information as is necessary to enable the Partnership and 
such transferee to compute the amount of losses disallowed under Section 743(e) of the Code. Whether 
or not the Partnership makes an election to be treated as an electing investment partnership, each Limited 
Partner or former Limited Partner shall, promptly upon request, provide the General Partner with any 
information related to such Partner necessary to allow the Partnership to comply with (a) its obligations to 
make tax basis adjustments under Sections 734 or 743 of the Code and (b) any other tax reporting 
obligations of the Partnership. In addition, to the extent that the transfer to a Limited Partner (or the 
transfer of interests in a Limited Partner) results in the Partnership adjusting the basis of Partnership 
property, each Limited Partner that receives an interest in the Partnership by reason of such transfer (or, in 
the case of the transfer of interests in a Limited Partner, such Limited Partner) hereby agrees to reimburse 
the Partnership and/or the General Partner within 10 business days for any expenses (including, without 
limitation, accounting fees) reasonably incurred by the Partnership and/or the General Partner (and their 
respective affiliates) from time to time in connection with effecting such adjustments to the basis of 
Partnership property and any corresponding adjustments to the calculation of Partnership gains and losses 
as it relates to such transfer. 
14.6.5 Tax Reporting Consistency. 
For United States federal, state and local income tax purposes, each Limited Partner shall report the tax 
items attributable to its participation in the Partnership on its income tax returns in a manner consistent 
with the tax treatment of such items as (or to be) reported to it by the Partnership on Internal Revenue 
Service Form 1065 Schedule K-1 (or any such successor form or schedule). 
14.7 
GENERAL PRonsioNs. 
14.7.1 Power of Attorney. 
Each of the undersigned by execution of this Agreement (including by execution of a counterpart 
signature page hereto directly or by power of attorney) constitutes and appoints the General Partner as its 
true and lawful representative and attorney-in-fact, in its name, place and stead, to make, execute, sign. 
acknowledge and deliver or file (a) the Certificate of Limited Partnership and any other instruments, 
documents and certificates which may from time to time be required by any law to effectuate, implement 
Glendower ACCCA Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039167 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185351 
EFTA01354572

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354573.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354573.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
and continue the valid and subsisting existence of the Partnership or any Alternative Investment Vehicles, 
Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund (b) all instruments, documents and certificates that may be required 
to effectuate the dissolution and termination of the Partnership or any Alternative Investment Vehicle, 
Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Delaware Act (and, 
in the case of an Alternative Investment Vehicle, in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which 
any such Alternative Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund was formed), (c) all other 
amendments of this Agreement or the Certificate of Limited Partnership contemplated by this Agreement 
including, without limitation, amendments reflecting the addition or substitution of any Partner, or any 
action of the Partners duly taken pursuant to this Agreement whether or not such Partner voted in favor of 
or otherwise approved such action, (d) any other instrument, certificate or document required from time to 
time to admit a Partner, to effect its substitution as a Partner, to effect the substitution of the Partner's 
assignee as a Partner. or to reflect any action of the Partners provided for in this Agreement (including, 
without limitation, the admission of any Partner to an Alternative Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access 
Fund or Feeder Fund), (e) any other instrument, certificate or document required from time to time to 
effect the Transfer of a Defaulting Partner's interest, and (f) any agreement or instrument necessary• or 
advisable to consummate any investment pursuant to 3.5, including the execution of the organizational 
documents with respect to an Alternative Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund (and 
any amendments thereto consistent with 3.5 and 3.6); provided. however, that no actions shall be taken by 
the General Partner under the power of attorney granted pursuant to this 14.7.1 that would have any 
adverse effect on the limited liability of any Limited Partner. The foregoing grant of authority (1) is a 
special power of attorney coupled with an interest in favor of the General Partner and as such shall be 
irrevocable and shall survive the death or disability of a Partner that is a natural person or the merger. 
dissolution or other termination of the existence of a Partner that is a corporation, association, partnership, 
limited liability company or trust, and (2) shall survive the assignment by the Partner of the whole or any 
portion of its interest, except that where the assignee of the whole thereof has appointed the General 
Partner as its true and lawful attorney in fact on the terms hereof, this power of attorney shall survive such 
assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the General Partner to execute, acknowledge and file any 
instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the assignee for the assignor as a Partner and 
shall thereafter terminate. This power of attorney may be exercised by such attorney in fact and agent for 
each of the Limited Partners (or any of them) by a single signature of the General Partner acting as 
attorney in fact with or without listing all of the Limited Partners executing an instrument. 
14.7.2 Execution of Additional Documents. 
Each Partner hereby agrees to execute all certificates, counterparts, amendments, instruments or 
documents that may be required by laws of the various jurisdictions in which the Partnership conducts its 
activities, to conform with the laws of such jurisdictions governing limited partnerships, or to comply 
with the terms of the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund. 
14.73 Limited Partner Information. 
Each Limited Partner further agrees that, upon request by the General Partner, such Limited Partner shall 
provide all information and documentation in its possession or that can reasonably be obtained by it 
necessary or desirable for, or reasonably requested by, the General Partner, as applicable, for the purpose 
of complying with the disclosure obligations to the Underlying Fund, or to respond to any inquires or 
requests regarding such Limited Partner made by (A) any potential limited partners or limited partners of 
the Underlying Fund or any parallel investment vehicles thereto, including, without limitation, state and 
municipal pension plans, (B) any governmental or quasi-governmental agency, (C) any regulatory' or self-
regulatory body and (D) any bank or other financial institution as reasonably required to obtain credit 
facilities or borrowings as described in 4.2 of this Agreement, or in each case above to update such 
information. Each Limited Partner understands and agrees that any such information and/or 
Glendov,cr Mee:Kt Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039168 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185352 
EFTA01354573

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354574.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
documentation may be provided, without the consent of such Limited Partner, to the requesting potential 
limited partner or limited partner of the Underlying Fund or any parallel investment vehicles thereto, 
governmental or quasigovemmental agency, regulatory or self-regulatory body or bank or other financial 
institution. 
14.7.4 Binding on Successors. 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the respective heirs, successors. 
permitted assigns and legal representatives of the parties hereto. 
14.7.5 Governing Law and Remedies for Breach. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of 
Delaware. In determining what action, if any, shall be taken against a Limited Partner in connection with 
such Limited Partner's breach of this Agreement, the General Partner shall seek to obtain the best result 
(as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion) for the Partnership and the other Partners. 
Each Limited Partner hereby specifically agrees that, in the event such Limited Partner violates the terms 
of this Agreement, such Limited Partner shall not be entitled to claim that the Partnership or any of the 
other Partners are precluded, on the basis of any fiduciary or other duty arising in respect of such Limited 
Partner's status as such, from seeking any of the penalties or other remedies permitted under this 
Agreement or applicable law. 
14.7.6 Waiver of Partition. 
Each Partner hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights that it may have to maintain an action for 
partition of any of the Partnership's property. 
14.7.7 Securities Law Matters. 
Each Partner understands that in addition to the restrictions on transfer contained in this Agreement, it 
must bear the economic risks of its investment for an indefinite period because the Partnership interests 
have not been registered under the Securities Act or under any applicable securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction and, therefore, may not be sold or otherwise transferred unless they are registered under 
the Securities Act and any such other applicable securities laws or an exemption from such registration is 
available. 
14.7.8 Confidentiality. 
(a) 
A Limited Partner's rights to arenx or receive any information about the Partnership or 
its business including, without limitation, (i) information to which a Limited Partner is 
provided access pursuant to 14.2, (ii) financial statements, reports and other information 
provided pursuant to 14.3, (iii) the offering documents for the Partnership, this 
Agreement, any subscription agreement and any other related agreements, (iv) any 
documents or information provided to the Partnership by the Underlying Fund or any of 
its Affiliates, and (v) any information provided to any Limited Partner pursuant to a Side 
Letter or otherwise provided to a Limited Partner by the General Partner or its Affiliates, 
(the information in (i) through (v). the -Partnership Information"), arc conditioned on 
such Limited Partner's agreement, willingness and ability to assure that the Partnership 
Information will be used solely by such Limited Partner for purposes reasonably related 
to such Limited Partner's interest as a Limited Partner, and that such Partnership 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039169 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185353 
EFTA01354574

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354575.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Information will not become publicly available as a result of such Limited Partner's 
rights to access or receive such Partnership Information. 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner acknowledges and agrees that the Partnership Information 
constitutes a valuable trade secret of the Partnership (or of the Underlying Fund to the 
extent such Partnership Information relates to the Underlying Fund) and agrees to 
maintain any Partnership Information provided to it in the strictest confidence and not to 
disclose the Partnership Information to any person other than to its officers, fiduciaries, 
employees, agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors, who 
have a business need to know such Partnership Information, who have been informed of 
the confidential nature of such Partnership Information, and who are, either by the nature 
of their positions or duties or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially 
equivalent restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the Partnership 
Information as are set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each 
Limited Partner and each Limited Partner's employees, representatives and other agents, 
may disclose to their professional advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys 
and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. taxing authority, 
without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax 
treatment and U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax structure of the transactions 
contemplated hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that are provided to such Limited Partner relating to such tax treatment or tax 
structure insofar as such treatment and/or structure relates to a U.S. federal or state 
income or franchise tax strategy provided to such Limited Partner, provided, however, 
that no Limited Partner (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall 
disclose any other information that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or 
tax structure of such transaction (including the identity of the party and any information 
that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or any other information to 
the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in violation of any U.S. federal or 
state securities law. With respect to any Limited Partner, the obligation to maintain the 
Partnership Information in confidence shall not apply to any Partnership Information 
(i) that becomes publicly available (other than by reason of a disclosure by a Limited 
Partner), (ii) the disclosure of which has been consented to by the General Partner in 
writing or (iii) the disclosure of which is required by a court of competent jurisdiction or 
other governmental authority or otherwise as required by law. Before any Limited 
Partner discloses Partnership Information pursuant to clause (iii), such Limited Partner 
shall promptly, and in any event prior to making any such disclosure, notify the General 
Partner of the court order, subpoena, interrogatories, government order or other reason 
that requires disclosure of the Partnership Information so that the General Partner may 
seek a protective order or other remedy to protect the confidentiality of the Partnership 
Information or waive compliance with this Agreement. Such Limited Partner shall also 
consult with the General Partner on the advisability of taking steps to eliminate or narrow 
the requirement to disclose the Partnership Information and shall otherwise cooperate 
with the efforts of the General Partner to obtain a protective order or other remedy to 
protect the Partnership Information. If a protective order or other remedy cannot be 
obtained, such Limited Partner shall disclose only that Partnership Information that its 
counsel advises in writing (which writing shall also be addressed and delivered to the 
Partnership) that it is legally required to disclose. 
(c) 
Each Limited Partner shall promptly notify the General Partner if it becomes aware of 
any reason, whether under law, regulation, policy or otherwise, that it will. or might 
become compelled to. use the Partnership Information other than as contemplated by 
Glendoocr Accetcc Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039170 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185354 
EFTA01354575

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354576.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.7.8(a) or disclose Partnership Information in violation of the confidentiality 
restrictions in 14.7.8(6). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, with the exception of the 
Schedule K-I or equivalent report to be provided to each Partner pursuant to 14.2.2, the 
General Partner shall have the right not to provide any Limited Partner, for such period of 
time as the General Partner in good faith determines to be advisable, with any Partnership 
Information that such Limited Partner would otherwise be entitled to receive or to have 
access to pursuant to this Agreement (including without limitation pursuant to 14.2) or 
the Delaware Act if: (i) the Partnership or the General Partner is required by law or by 
agreement with a third party to keep such Partnership Information confidential; (ii) the 
General Partner in good faith believes that the disclosure of such Partnership Information 
to such Limited Partner is not in the best interest of the Partnership or could damage the 
Partnership or its business (which may include a determination by the General Partner 
that such Limited Partner or one or more of its equity holders is disclosing or may 
disclose such Partnership Information and that the potential of such disclosure by such 
Person is not in the best interest of the Partnership or could damage the Partnership or its 
business) or (iii) such Limited Partner has notified the General Partner of its election not 
to have access to, or to receive such Partnership Information. 
(e) 
The Limited Partners acknowledge and agree that: (i) the Partnership or the General 
Partner and its partners may acquire confidential information related to third parties that 
pursuant to fiduciary, contractual, legal or similar obligations cannot be disclosed to the 
Limited Partners; and (ii) neither the Partnership nor the General Partner and its equity 
holders shall be in breach of any duty under this Agreement or the Delaware Act in 
consequence of acquiring. holding or failing to disclose such information to the Limited 
Partners so long as such obligations were undertaken in good faith. 
(f) 
In addition to any other remedies available at law, the Partners agree that the Partnership 
shall be entitled to equitable relief, including, without limitation, the right to an injunction 
or restraining order, as a remedy for any failure by a Limited Partner to comply with its 
obligations with respect to the use and disclosure of Partnership Information, as set forth 
in I4.7.8(a) and 14.7.8(b). 
(9) 
To the maximum extent permitted by law and for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions 
of this 14.7.8 shall survive the withdrawal of any Partner from the Partnership and shall 
be enforceable against such Partner after such withdrawal. 
14.7.9 Contract Construction; Headings; Counterparts. 
Whenever the context of this Agreement permits. the masculine gender shall include the feminine and 
neuter genders, and reference to singular or plural shall be interchangeable with the other. The invalidity 
or unenforceability of any one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions, 
and this Agreement shall be construed and reformed in all respects as if any such invalid or unenforceable 
provision(s) were omitted or, at the direction of a court, modified in order to give effect to the intent and 
purposes of this Agreement. References in this Agreement to particular Sections of the Code or the 
Delaware Act or any other statute shall be deemed to refer to such Sections or provisions as they may be 
amended after the date of this Agreement. Captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and do 
not define or limit any term of this Agreement. It is the intention of the parties that e% cry covenant, term, 
and provision of this Agreement shall be construed simply according to its fair meaning and not strictly 
for or against any party (notwithstanding any rule of law requiring an Agreement to be strictly construed 
Glendower Accetcc Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039171 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185355 
EFTA01354576

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354577.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
against the drafting party), it being understood that the parties to this Agreement are sophisticated and 
have had adequate opportunity and means to retain counsel to represent their interests and to otherwise 
negotiate the provisions of this Agreement. For purposes of the Delaware Act, the Limited Partners shall 
constitute a single class or group of limited partners. This Agreement or any amendment hereto may be 
signed in any number of counterparts, each of which when signed by the General Partner shall be an 
original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement or amendment, as the case may be. 
14.7.10 Arbitration. 
Except as otherwise agreed to by the General Partner and a Limited Partner with respect to any particular 
controversy or claim, any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be settled 
through binding arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association, and 
judgment upon an award arising in connection therewith may be entered in any court of competent 
jurisdiction. Any arbitration, mediation, court action, or other adjudicative proceeding arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement shall be held in New York City, New York or, if such proceeding cannot be 
lawfully held in such location, as near thereto as applicable law permits. 
14.7.11 Side Letters. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, enter into a letter agreement or side letter with one or more Limited Partners (each, a "Side 
Letter") providing that the terms of this Agreement are amended and/or supplemented with respect to 
such Limited Partner and, with respect to any such Limited Partner, the terms of such Side Letter shall be 
controlling, and the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed amended, modified and/or supplemented to 
the extent required to effectuate the provisions of such Side Letters. Other than as amended, modified 
and/or supplemented by such Side Letter, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect with respect 
to such Limited Partner, and shall remain in full force and effect without any modification with respect to 
a Limited Partner who is not party to such Side Letter. 
14.7.12 Entire Agreement. 
This Agreement, the subscription agreements , the Side Letters and any other writing between any 
Limited Partners and the General Partner or the Investment Manager entered into in connection herewith, 
shall constitute the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and shall supersede any prior understanding or agreement, oral or written with 
respect thereto. 
14.7.13 Bad Actor Disqualification Information. 
The General Partner may from time to time conduct an inquiry of all Limited Partners whose 
Subscriptions equal or exceed 20% (or such lower percentage as necessitated by applicable law) of the 
Subscriptions of all Limited Partners (each, a "20% Holder") as to whether any 20% Holder is a "bad 
actor-  within the meaning of Rule 506(d) under the Securities Act (a "Bad Actor"). If (a) any 20% 
Holder fails to provide any requested information to the General Partner within ten (10) Business Days 
after the date of the request therefor or (b) any 20% Holder indicates that it is a Bad Actor, then such 20% 
Holder agrees that (i) it shall not cast any vote in respect of any portion of its interest in the Partnership 
that represents 20% or more of the total Subscriptions of the Limited Partners, and (ii) the General Partner 
may take such actions as it deems appropriate with respect to such 20% Holder or otherwise in order to 
ensure that the Partnership may continue to rely on Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the voting restrictions under this 14.7.13 shall cease as to 
Glendoocr Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039172 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185356 
EFTA01354577

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354578.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354578.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
a 20% Holder at such time as such 20% Holder certifies or recertifies to the General Partner that it is not a 
Bad Actor. 
[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.] 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039173 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185357 
EFTA01354578

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354579.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354579.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. as of the date first 
above written. 
GENERAL PARTNER: 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
By: Institutional Capital Network, Inc., its sole member 
By: 
Name: -11400.AA5 f O eT t tJ 
Title: 
c c.)
LIMITED PARTNERS: 
By: iCapital Advisors, LLC 
By: Institutional Capital Network, Inc., its sole member 
(for and on behalf of each Limited Partner set forth on 
the List of Partners, as attorney-in-fact) 
By: 
Name: n\-1-OKAS 
Title: 
CO 0 
INITIAL LIMITED PARTNER (hereby withdrawing): 
Name: Michael Stanton 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039174 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185358 
EFTA01354579

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354580.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
APPENDIX I 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities W (U.S.), L.P. 
DEFINITIONS 
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below (such 
meanings to be equally applicable to both singular and plural forms of the terms so defined). Additional 
defined terms are set forth in the provisions of this Agreement to which they relate. 
20% Holder 
Access Fund Default 
Additional Limited 
Partner 
Administrator 
Advisers Act 
Affiliate 
Agreement 
Alternative 
Investment Vehicles 
Anti-Money 
Laundering Laws 
Approved Agent 
BBA 
Beneficial Interest 
As set forth in 14.7.13. 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
The administrator of the Partnership, as appointed by the General Partner. 
The United States Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
With respect to the Person to which it refers. a Person that directly or indirectly 
through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under 
common control with, such subject Person. 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
As set forth in 3.5(a). 
As set forth in 3.3.3(aX2). 
Means any agent for a Partner or, as the case may be, an agent or 
nominee (or both), if duly appointed, for the legally appointed: 
(i) representative of a Partner who is deceased; (ii) trustee in bankruptcy 
of a Partner who is bankrupt; or (iii) curator, guardian or receiver of a 
Partner who is mentally incapable of managing his affairs. The General 
Partner may, unless it has actual notice to the contrary, accept the 
written representation of an Approved Agent that such Approved Agent 
is the duly appointed agent or nominee (or both) of any Partner or of 
any of the Persons in (i), (ii) or (iii) above without further investigation 
or verification. 
As set forth in 14.6.2(a). 
Has the meaning ascribed to it in Rule 5130. 
(ilendmver Access Sccondar,.. Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
Amended and Rw‘taled Limited ParMa,lip Amoment 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185359 
DB-SDNY-0039175 
EFTA01354580

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354581.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354581.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS126 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Business Day 
Each Monday, Tuesday, Wcdncsday, Thursday and Friday which is not a day 
on which banking institutions in the City of New York, New York, are 
required by law to remain closed. 
Capital Account 
As set forth in 8.1.1. 
Carrying Value 
Code 
Contribution 
With respect to any asset, the asset's adjusted basis for federal income tax 
purposes; provided, however, that (i) the initial Carrying Value of any asset 
contributed to thc Partnership shall be adjusted to equal its gross fair market 
value at the time of its contribution, and (ii) the Carrying Values of all assets 
held by the Partnership shall be adjusted to equal their respective gross fair 
market values (taking Section 7701(g) of the Code into account) upon an 
election by the Partnership to revalue its property in accordance with Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2Xiv)(f) and upon liquidation of the 
Partnership. The Carrying Value of any asset whose Carrying Value was 
adjusted pursuant to the preceding sentence thereafter shall be adjusted in 
accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-
1(b)(2Xiv)(a 
The United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
time, or any successor statute thereto, and, as applicable, the Treasury 
Regulations thereunder. 
With respect to any Partner at any time, the aggregate amount of capital 
contributions made to the Partnership by such Partner, adjusted in accordance 
with the other provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, 6.2 
(relating to the return of contributions subject to subsequent drawdown) and 
6.3.2(a)(5), but excluding the contribution of an interest-equivalent amount 
pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4), the amount of any interest payable pursuant to 6.3.1 
and 6.3.2, and any other amounts contributed pursuant to 5.2.1.5, 11.1.8 or 
Article 12. 
Covered Company 
Refers to a Partner that is (i) a Covered Company Person or (ii) a Person (other 
Partner 
than an Exempt Entity) in which a Covered Company Person has a direct or 
indirect Beneficial Interest. 
Covered Company 
Refers to a Person that is an executive officer or director of a "public 
Person 
company" or "covered non-public company" (in each case as defined in Rule 
5131) or a person "materially supported" (as defined in Rule 5131) by such an 
officer or director. 
Covered Company 
Means the percentage of the Beneficial Interests in the Partnership that are 
Person Ownership 
held in the aggregate directly or indirectly by Covered Company Persons with 
Percentage 
respect to a particular company. 
Covered Person 
As set forth in 12.1.1. 
Credit Facility 
As set forth in 4.2. 
Default Rate 
As set forth in 6.3.1. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-2 
Amended and Restated Limited Partntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039176 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185360 
EFTA01354581

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354582.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Defaulting Access 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
Fund Investor 
Defaulting Partner 
As set forth in 6.3.2. 
Delaware Act 
As set forth in 2.1. 
Delayed Payment 
Partnership income attributable to (a) interest paid by any Partner pursuant to 
Interest 
6.3.1 and (b) interest on costs of collecting unpaid capital contributions paid by 
any Partner pursuant to 6.3.2. 
ERISA 
ERISA Partner 
The United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and 
(unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. 
Any Limited Partner which (a) is (i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA and subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a 
"plan," as defined in Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) any other entity or 
account, any of the assets of which constitute "plan assets," within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA, of a plan described in (a)(i) or (aXii) 
above, or (iv) a nominee for, or is using the assets of, or is a trust established 
pursuant to, one or more such employee benefit plans or other plans, and 
(b) has notified the General Partner in writing of its status as an ERISA 
Partner. 
Exempt Entity 
An entity described in paragraph (c) of Rule 5130 as specifically eligible to 
purchase new issue securities, other than an entity described in subparagraph 
(c)(4) (Le., an entity relying on the 10% "de minimis" exception under Rule 
5130). 
FATCA 
Feeder Fund 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, all rules, regulations and other 
guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial interpretations 
thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and 
all applicable intergovernmental agreements entered into between the United 
States and another country (or local country legislation enacted pursuant to 
such intergovernmental agreement). 
Any feeder fund (including the Offshore Access Fund) that may be formed to 
invest all of the subscriptions made by the limited partners of such feeder fund 
in the Partnership and that is designated as a Feeder Fund by the General 
Partner. 
Final Closing Date 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
Freely Tradable 
Any security that satisfies the following conditions: 
Security 
(a) 
The Partnership's entire holding of such securities can be immediately 
sold by the Partnership to the general public without the necessity of any 
federal, state or local government consent, approval or filing (other than any 
notice filings of the type required pursuant to Rule 144(h) under the Securities 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-3 
Amended and Restated Limited Partntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039177 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185361 
EFTA01354582

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354583.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
General Partner 
Indemnitee 
Initial Agreement 
Initial Closing Date 
Initial Drawdown 
Date 
Initial Limited 
Partner 
Investment Company 
Act 
Investment Manager 
Investment Subsidiary 
Limited Partners 
Act or Section 13 or 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), 
and 
(b) 
Such securities arc either listed on a national securities exchange or 
market quotations arc readily available for such security. 
If only a portion of the Partnership's holdings of securities satisfies the 
requirements of the preceding sentence, that portion of the Partnership's 
holdings of such securities shall constitute Freely Tradable Securities. In 
addition to the foregoing. in the case of a distribution or proposed distribution 
of securities in kind, such securities shall also constitute Freely Tradable 
Securities if the entire portion of the distribution made to the Limited Partners 
can be immediately sold by them under the terms provided for in clause (a) of 
this definition and the condition provided for in clause (b) of this definition is 
satisfied, assuming for purposes of this sentence that no Limited Partner is or 
has been an Affiliate of the issuer of such securities and without regard to any 
restrictions on sale applicable to particular Limited Partners because of the 
particular nature or status of such Limited Partners. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may subject such Freely 
Tradable Securities to such conditions and restrictions as the General Partner 
detennines are necessary or appropriate to preserve the value of such Freely 
Tradable Securities or for legal reasons. 
Initially, the entity named as General Partner in the introductory paragraph of 
this Agreement, and any successor General Partner. 
As set forth in 12.2.1. 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
As set forth in 6.1.2. 
Michael Stanton 
The Investment Company Act of 1940, as from time to time amended and in 
effect. 
Means iCapital Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or a 
successor management company appointed by the Partnership in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement and the Management Agreement. 
As set forth in 3.5(f). 
Those Persons listed in the List of Partners as limited partners, together with 
any additional or substituted limited partners admitted to the Partnership after 
the date hereof. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-4 
Amended and Restated Limited Partntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185382 
DB-SDNY-0039178 
EFTA01354583

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354584.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
List of Partners 
Management 
Agreement 
Management Fee 
Management Fee Rate 
Net Gain or Loss 
Nonrecourse Liability 
Non-Voting Interest 
The list, maintained by the General Partner, setting forth the names, addresses, 
facsimile numbers, electronic mail addresses and Subscriptions of the Partners. 
Means the Management Agreement between the Partnership and the 
Investment Manager, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with 
the terms thereof. 
As set forth in 5.2.2.1. 
As set forth in 5.2.2.1. 
The profit or loss of the Partnership determined, in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax accounting principles, excluding any items specially 
allocated pursuant to 8.2.2, 8.2.3 or 8.3. and computed with the following 
adjustments: 
(i) 
Items of gain, loss, and deduction shall be computed based upon the 
Carrying Values of the Partnership's assets (in accordance with Treasury 
Regulation Sections 1.704-1(bX2Xiv)(g) and/or 1.704-3(d)) rather than upon 
the assets' adjusted bases for federal income tax purposes; 
(ii) 
Any tax-exempt income received by the Partnership shall be included 
as an item of gross income; 
(iii) 
Any expenditure of the Partnership described in Section 705(aX2)(B) 
of the Code (including any expenditures treated as being described in 
Section 705(a)(2XB) pursuant to Treasury Regulations under Section 704(6) of 
the Code) shall be treated as a deductible expense; 
(iv) 
The amount of any adjustment to the Carrying Value of any 
Partnership asset pursuant to Section 734(b) or Section 743(b) of the Code that 
is required to be reflected in the Capital Accounts of the Partners pursuant to 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2XivXm) shall be treated as an item of 
gain (if the adjustment is positive) or loss (if the adjustment is negative), and 
only such amount of the adjustment shall thereafter be taken into account in 
computing items of income and deduction; 
(v) 
The amount of any unrealized gain or unrealized loss attributable to an 
asset at the time it is distributed in kind to a Partner (or to any Approved Agent 
on behalf of a Partner) shall be included in the computation as an item of 
income or loss, respectively, and 
(vi) 
The amount of any unrealized gain or unrealized loss with respect to 
the assets of the Partnership that is reflected in an adjustment to the Caning 
Values of the Partnership's assets pursuant to clause (ii) of the definition of 
"Carrying Value" shall be included in the computation as items of income or 
loss, respectively. 
Has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(bX3). 
A limited partnership interest in the Partnership that does not entitle the holder 
to vote, consent or withhold consent with respect to any Partnership matter. 
Contributions attributable to Non-Voting Interests shall be disregarded, for 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-5 
Amended and Restated Limited Partntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185363 
DB-SDNY-0039179 
EFTA01354584

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354585.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354585.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
purposes of 13.2, in determining both the aggregate Contributions of all 
Limited Partners and the aggregate Contributions of those Limited Partners 
voting in favor of or against a particular proposal. Except as otherwise 
explicitly provided in this Agreement, any interest held by any Person as a 
Non-Voting Interest shall be identical to all other limited partnership interests 
in all respects other than with regard to votes and consents. 
Offshore Access Fund 
Organizational 
Expenses 
Parallel Access Fund 
Partner Interest 
Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt 
Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt Minimum Gain 
Partners 
Partnership 
Partnership Expenses 
Partnership 
Information 
Partnership Minimum 
Gain 
Partnership 
Representative 
Percentage Interest 
Means Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P., a 
Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
All expenses that are attributable to the organization of the General Partner, the 
Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and the sale of 
interests in the Partnership, any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund to the 
Limited Partners of the respective funds incurred by the General Partner, 
Investment Manager and their Affiliates (including legal, travel, accounting, 
tax advisory expenses. start-up filing, capital raising and other expenses and 
marketing costs, other organizational and start-up expenses of the General 
Partner and certain legal and third-party provider costs). For the avoidance of 
doubt, the foregoing organizational expenses do not include expenses incurred 
by the Placement Agents. 
As set forth in 3.6. 
As set forth in 6.2.1. 
Has the same meaning as the term "partner nonrecourse debt" set forth in 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(4). 
An amount, with respect to each Partner Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the 
Partnership Minimum Gain that would result if the Partner Nonrecourse Debt 
were treated as a Nonrecourse Liability, determined in accordance with 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(3). 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 
As set forth in the second paragraph of this Agreement. 
As set forth in 5.2.1.1. 
As set forth in 14.7.8(a). 
Has the same meaning as the term -partnership minimum gain" set forth in 
Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(6)(2) and 1.704-2(d). 
As set forth in 14.6.2(b). 
The ratio of a Partner's Contributions to all of the Partners' Contributions; 
provided that, the General Partner, in its reasonable discretion, can adjust the 
Percentage Interests of the Partners (i) to reflect any default by a Partner with 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-6 
Amended and Restated Limited Partntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039180 
SDNY GM_00185364 
EFTA01354585

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354586.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI2S Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
respect to one or more capital calls, and (ii) in connection with the initial 
capital commitment of any Partner to take into account that they have not yet 
made a Contribution. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of Management 
Fees by Limited Partners shall not be considered "Contributions" for purposes 
of the definition of "Percentage Interest". 
Person 
Placement Agent 
Plan Assets Regulation 
Prime Rate 
Regulatory Allocations 
Restricted Person 
Restricted Person 
Ownership Percentage 
Restricted Person 
Partner 
Securities Act 
Side Letter 
Subscription 
Tax Liability 
Tax Matters Partner 
Temporary 
Investments 
Any individual, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability 
partnership, limited liability company, corporation, joint venture, trust, 
business trust, cooperative or association and the heirs, executors, 
administrators, legal representative, successors and assigns of such Person 
where the context so permits. 
Means the third-party placement agents utilized by the Partnership. 
The regulation concerning the definition of "plan assets" under ERISA 
adopted by the United States Department of Labor and codified in 29 C.F.R. 
§2510.3-101 or any successor regulation promulgated pursuant to 
Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
As of any date, the prime rate of interest in effect on such date as reported in 
The Wall Street Journal. 
As set forth in Part 1.6 of Appendix II. 
Refers to a Person that is (i) a "restricted person" within the meaning of Rule 
5130 and (ii) not either an Exempt Entity or a Person whose only Beneficial 
Interest in the Partnership is an indirect interest held through an Exempt 
Entity. 
Means the percentage of the Beneficial Interests in the Partnership that arc 
held in the aggregate directly or indirectly by Restricted Persons. 
Refers to a Partner that is (i) a Restricted Person or (ii) a Person in which a 
Restricted Person has a direct or indirect Beneficial Interest. 
The United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, or 
any successor statute thereto. 
As set forth in 14.7.11. 
With respect to any Partner, the total amount that such Partner has agreed to 
contribute to the Partnership as set forth in the List of Partners exclusive of 
any interest equivalent amounts pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4). 
As set forth in 7.4.1. 
As set forth in 14.6.2(a). 
Short-term investments of cash pending distribution or use by the Partnership 
to pay expenses or to make contributions to the Underlying Fund, which shall 
be limited to (i) cash or cash equivalents, (ii) commercial paper rated no lower 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
Amended and Restated Limited Partntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185365 
DB-SDNY-0039181 
EFTA01354586

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354587.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
than 
by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services or "P-I" by Moody's 
Investors Service, Inc., or a comparable rating by a comparable rating agency, 
(iii) obligations of the United States or (iv) certificates of deposit issued by, or 
other deposit obligations of, commercial banks chartered by the United States, 
any state thereof, the District of Columbia, or any member nation of the 
European Union, each having, at the date of acquisition by the Partnership, 
combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000 or the equivalent 
thereof, in each case maturing in one year or less at the time of investment by 
the Partnership. 
Third-Party 
Any Person (other than the Partnership and the General Partner) that is legally 
Indemnifiers 
or contractually obligated to make indemnification payments (or equivalent 
payments pursuant to an insurance policy or similar arrangement) to an 
Indemnitee. 
Transfer 
As set forth in 11.1.1. 
Transfer Expenses 
As set forth in 11.1.8. 
Treasury Regulations 
The regulations promulgated by the United States Department of the Treasury 
under the Code, as amended. 
Underlying Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities IV, LP, an English private fund 
limited partnership, together with any parallel funds and alternative investment 
vehicles formed in accordance with the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
Defaulting Partner 
United States; U.S. 
The United States of America. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
I-13 
Amended and Restated Limited Partntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039182 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185388 
EFTA01354587

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354588.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
APPENDIX II 
REGULATORY AND TAX ALLOCATIONS 
The provisions of this Appendix II are included in order to enable the Partnership to comply with the 
requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(bX2)(iv). 
1. 
Regulatory Allocations and Allocations Involving Non recourse Indebtedness. The following 
provisions arc included in order to comply with tax rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code and to 
permit the Partnership to obtain the benefits of a -safe harbor" provided by Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXd) and apply notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 8.2 and 8.3. 
1.1 
Minimum Gain Chargeback. Items of income or gain (computed with the adjustments 
contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be allocated to the 
Partners in the manner and to the minimum extent required by the "minimum gain chargeback" 
provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(f) and Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(iX4). 
1.2 
Nonrecourse Deductions. All "nonrecourse deductions" (as defined in Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-2(6)(1)) of the Partnership for any year shall be allocated to the Partners in accordance with 
their respective Contributions: provided. however, that nonrecourse deductions attributable to "partner 
nonrecourse debt" (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section I .704-2(bX4)) shall be allocated to the 
Partners in accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section I .704-2(i)(1). 
Limit on Loss and Deduction Allocations. In no event shall any items of loss or deduction 
(computed with the adjustments contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") be allocated 
to a Partner if such allocation would cause or increase a negative balance in such Partner's Capital 
Account (determined for this purpose, by increasing the Partner's Capital Account balance by the amount 
the Partner is obligated to restore to the Partnership within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXc) or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulation 
Sections 1.704-2(g) and 1.704-2(iX5) and decreasing it by the amounts specified in Treasury Regulation 
Sections 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXd)(1), (5) and (6)). 
1.4 
Qualified Income Offset. Items of income or gain (computed with the adjustments contained in 
the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be allocated to the Partners in 
the manner and to the extent required by the "qualified income offset" provisions of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXd). 
1.5 
Gross Income Allocation. Items of income or gain (computed with the adjustments contained in 
the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be allocated to the Partners in 
the amount of (and in proportion to) any negative balance in such Partner's Capital Account (detennined 
for this purpose, by increasing the Partner's Capital Account balance by the amount the Partner is 
obligated to restore to the Partnership within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-
1(b)(2)(ii)(c) or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-2(g) and 
I.704-2(i)(5) and decreasing it by the amounts specified in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-
1(b)(2XiiXd)(4), (5) and (6)). 
2. 
Adjustments to Reflect Changes in Interests. 
With respect to any fiscal period during which any Partner's interest in the Partnership changes, 
allocations under this Agreement (including 6.3.2 and 8.3) shall be adjusted appropriately to take into 
(ilendmver Access Sccondar,.. Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
11-I 
Amended and Rw‘taled Limited ParMa,lip Amoment 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039183 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185367 
EFTA01354588

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354589.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354589.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential 
account the varying interests of the Partners during such period in accordance with the requirements of 
Section 706(d) of the Code and the Regulations thereunder. 
3. 
Special Allocations to Reflect Economic Interests. 
The General Partner is authorized to modify the allocations otherwise provided for under Article 8 and 
this Appendix II including by specially allocating items of gross income, gain, loss, or expense among 
the Partners, if advised by the Partnership's tax advisors that such modifications or such special 
allocations will cause the Capital Accounts of the Partners to reflect more closely the Partners' relative 
economic interests in the Partnership as set forth in Article 7 and Article 10. 
4. 
Tax Allocations. 
Except as otherwise provided in the Agreement or this Appendix II or as required by Section 704 of the 
Code, for tax purposes, all items of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit shall be allocated to the 
Partners in the same manner as are Net Gains and Net Losses and other items allocated pursuant to Article 
and the other provisions of this Appendix II; provided however, that if the Carrying Value of any 
property of the Partnership differs from its adjusted basis for tax purposes, then items of income, gain, 
loss, deduction or credit related to such property for tax purposes shall be allocated among the Partners so 
as to take account of the variation between the adjusted basis of the property for tax purposes and its 
Carrying Value in the manner provided for under Section 704(c) of the Code. 
• 
• 
• 
(ikvidower Access Secondary Opportuniticc IV (U.S.), L.P. 
II-2 
Amended and Restated Limited ParMayhip Ameanail 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039184 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185388 
EFTA01354589

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354590.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential — Private Placement Memorandum 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
An "Access Fund" into Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP 
Offering of 
Limited Partner Interests 
January 2018 
Important Disclosures 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039185 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185369 
EFTA01354590

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354591.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
This confidential private placement memorandum (as amended or supplemented from time to time. this 
"Memorandum') is furnished on a confidential basis by iCapital Advisors, LLC or an affiliate (the "Investment 
Manager') to a limited number of sophisticated investors ("Investors') for the purpose of providing certain 
information about an investment in limited partner interests (the "Interests') in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Access Fund'). The Access Fund expects 
to invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, if 
applicable, the "Underlying Fund'). 
The Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund datcd October 2017 (as supplemented 
by the Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated November 2017 and as may be 
amended, restated and/or further supplemented from time to time, the "Underlying Fund PPM-) is attached 
hereto on a confidential basis as Appendix A and is incorporated herein by reference. The investment and 
business objective of the Access Fund is to acquire a direct limited partner interest in the Underlying Fund. The 
Underlying Fund PPM is an integral part of this Memorandum, therefore, prospective investors should carefully 
read the Underlying Fund PPM. This Memorandum is qualified in its entirety by the Underlying Fund PPM and 
the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund (as may be amended or otherwise supplemented from 
time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA'), which shall be provided upon request by Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC (the "General Partner") or Investment Manager. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in this Memorandum relating to the 
Underlying Fund and the Underlying Fund PPM, the Underlying Fund PPM shall control. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in the Underlying Fund PPM and the 
Underlying Fund LPA, the Underlying Fund LPA shall control. Neither the Interests nor the interests in the 
Underlying Fund have been recommended, approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC'), or by any other U.S. federal or state securities commission, regulatory authority, or 
any non-U.S. securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthennom, the foregoing authorities have not 
confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. Any representation to the contrary 
may be a criminal offense. 
Neither the Interests nor the interests in the Underlying Fund have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any U.S. state or the securities laws of any 
other country or jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in the 
U.S. in reliance upon the exemptions provided in the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder 
and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and jurisdictions where the offering will be made, 
and in compliance with any applicable U.S. state or other securities laws. The Interests may not be sold or 
transferred (i) except as permitted under the Partnership Agreement and (ii) in compliance with all applicable 
U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. securities laws and any contractual restrictions imposed by the Underlying Fund. 
It is not expected that the Interests or the interests in the Underlying Fund will be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any other securities laws. Neither the Access Fund nor the Underlying Fund will be registered as an 
investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company 
Act'). Consequently, investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. The 
Interests are being offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be a U.S. person that is (x) an "accredited investor- as defined within the meaning of 
Rule 50I(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, (y) a "qualified purchaser-  as defined in 
Section 2(aX51) of the Investment Company Act and (z) a "qualified client," as defined in the U.S. Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act'). There is no public market for the Interests, and no 
such market is expected to develop in the future. Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager is 
authorized or expected to become authorized under the European Union's Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive') as of the date of this Memorandum, and the substantive 
requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative Investment Fund Manage?' ("AIFM') under the AIFM 
Directive or any national implementing law arc not applicable to the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager will market interests (or permit interests to be marketed 
on their behalf) to any prospective investor located, resident or domiciled or with a registered office in or 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039186 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185370 
EFTA01354591

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354592.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS12S Gerald Ford 
organized under the laws of a relevant member state (each, a "Member State) of the European Economic Area 
("EEA')I when such marketing is reasonably likely to give rise to the application of any requirement of the 
AIFM Directive to the General Partner or the Investment Manager. In the event a prospective investor 
inadvertently receives this Memorandum while located in the EEA, the prospective investor should disregard 
this Memorandum and return the Memorandum to the applicable Placement Agent (as defined below). 
Investment in the Access Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability and 
willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity inherent in an investment in the Access Fund. Investors 
in the Access Fund must be prepared to bear such risks for an extended period of time. No assurance can be 
given that the Access Fund's investment objectives will be achieved, that investors will receive a return of their 
capital or that substantial losses will be avoided. Investors could lose the entire value of their investment. 
Purchasers of Interests will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or 
recourse, and may not bring an action against, the Underlying Fund or the general partner of the 
Underlying Fund (the "Glendower GP") and their respective affiliates or any of their respective advisors, 
officers, directors, employees, partners or members (together with the Glendower GP, Glendower Capital, 
LLP and Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, "Glendower") for any breach of the Underlying Fund LPA. To 
the fullest extent permitted by law, the Access Fund may bring legal action against the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower only at the initiative of the General Partner or the Investment Manager, as a delegate of 
the General Partner. None of the Underlying Fund or Glendower: (i) is responsible for the organization, 
operation or management of the Access Fund; (ii) has participated in, or is responsible for, the offering of 
Interests; (iii) has participated, or will participate, in the preparation of, or shall be responsible for, the 
contents of any of this Memorandum (other than Appendix A), the Partnership Agreement, the 
subscription agreement and related documents thereto, (the "Subscription Agreement") or any related 
agreements, instruments or accompanying sales documentation; (iv) makes any representation with 
respect to the adequacy or sufficiency of the information contained in this Memorandum to any investor 
in the Access Fund regarding the Underlying Fund or undertakes any responsibility to update any 
information contained herein for the purpose of the offering of Interests; (v) has endorsed or made any 
recommendations, representations or warranties with respect to the Interests; or (vi) is acting as a 
fiduciary or is providing investment advice with respect to the Interests. Furthermore, Glendower has 
not made any representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to the fairness, correctness, 
accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of any of the information contained in this Memorandum, and 
it expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability therefor. Glendower has no responsibility to update 
any of the information provided in this Memorandum. The information contained herein relating to the 
Underlying Fund, including, the information contained in the appendices hereto, was obtained from 
Glendower. Such information contained in this Memorandum does not purport to be complete and is 
subject to the more detailed information in the Underlying Fund PPM and the operational documents of 
the Underlying Fund, which documents may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to 
time. None of the Placement Agents, the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Manager 
participated in the preparation of such documents or any underlying information obtained from such 
documents or conducted any due diligence or verification efforts with respect thereto, and none of them 
makes any representation regarding, and each of them expressly disclaims any liability or responsibility' 
to any Investor in the Access Fund for, such information or any other information relating to the 
Underlying Fund set forth therein or omitted therefrom. The offering of Interests is not, and should not 
be considered, an offering of interests in the Underlying Fund. Although the Access Fund is being 
established to invest in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund is not an affiliate of the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower and an investment in the Access Fund is different from an investment in the Underlying 
Fund. Furthermore, the offering of Interests is not, and should not be considered, an offering of direct or 
The following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark. Estonia, 
Finland, France, Germany, Greece. Hungary. Iceland, Republic of Ireland, Italy. Latvia, Liechtensti.in, Lithuania, Luxembourg. 
Malta, The Netherlands, Homey, Poland. Portugal. Romania. Slovakia. Slovenia. Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039187 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185371 
EFTA01354592

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354593.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354593.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
indirect interests in other funds managed or under the control of Glendower. Moreover, none of the 
limited partners of the Access Fund (the "Limited Partners"), the General Partner, Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates has either (i) the right to participate in the control, management or 
operations of the Underlying Fund or (ii) the power to legally bind or commit the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower or any of their respective affiliates. No Glendower entity has (i) the right to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Access Fund, the General Partner or any of their respective 
affiliates or (ii) the power to legally bind or commit the Access Fund, the General Partner or any of their 
respective affiliates except in certain limited circumstances set forth in the Underlying Fund LPA. If the 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its investment in the Underlying Fund 
when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited Partner or otherwise, the Underlying Fund may 
(but is not required to) exercise various remedies against the Access Fund and/or its Limited Partners on 
a look through basis, including forfeiture of all of its investment in the Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management fees, custodial accounting and 
other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns and returns to 
Limited Partners are likely to be lower than those from a direct investment in the Underlying Fund. 
Nothing contained in this paragraph or elsewhere in this Memorandum shall constitute a waiver by any 
investor or potential investor in the Access Fund of any of its legal rights under applicable U.S. federal 
securities laws or any other laws whose applicability is not permitted to be contractually waived. By 
subscribing for an interest in the Access Fund, each Limited Partner will be deemed to agree that 
Glendower will be a third-party beneficiary of this paragraph. 
The historical investment performance incorporated herein provides no assurance of the future performance of 
the Underlying Fund or of the future performance of the Access Fund and is not indicative of future results. 
There can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Return calculations in the 
Underlying Fund PPM include valuations for unrealized investments. Actual realized returns on unrealized 
investments will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, market conditions at the time of 
disposition, legal and contractual restrictions on transfer that may limit liquidity, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of disposition, all of which may differ from the assumptions and valuations used in 
the historical investment performance data incorporated herein. Accordingly, the actual realized returns on 
unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns incorporated herein. There can be no assurance 
that the Underlying Fund will be able to implement its investment strategy, achieve its investment objective or 
avoid substantial losses. 
This Memorandum contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of forward-looking 
terminology such as -may.- -seek.-  -expect.-  "estimate," or -believe' or the negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Fonvard-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts, 
including statements about beliefs and expectations. Any statement in this Memorandum that contains 
intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions (and the assumptions underlying them) is a forward-looking 
statement. These assumptions are based on plans, estimates, and projections, as they are currently available. 
Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are made, and none of the Underlying Fund. 
Glendower, the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager or any of their respective affiliates 
undertakes to update any of them in light of new information or future events. Forward-looking statements 
involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors could therefore cause actual results of 
the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking 
statement. 
The terms of the Underlying Fund have not been finalized and may be subject to change in connection with 
continuing negotiation with prospective investors. The final terms of the Underlying Fund may be different 
from those summarized herein or provided in the materials incorporated by reference herein. A prospective 
investor should not invest unless it is able to sustain the loss of all or a significant portion of its investment. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Access Fund and the 
terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved, not all of which arc discussed in this Memorandum. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
-iv - 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039188 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185372 
EFTA01354593

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354594.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as legal, tax, investment, or 
accounting advice. Each prospective investor is urged to consult with its own advisors with respect to the legal, 
tax, regulatory, financial, and accounting consequences of an investment in the Access Fund. 
This Memorandum is not a prospectus and does not purport to contain all information an investor may require 
to form an investment decision. It is not intended to be relied upon solely in relation to, and must not be taken 
solely as the basis for, an investment decision. This Memorandum contains a summary of the Partnership 
Agreement, the Subscription Agreement and certain other documents referred to herein. However, the 
summaries set forth in this Memorandum do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their 
entirety by reference to the Partnership Agreement, Subscription Agreement and such other documents, copies 
of which will be provided to any prospective investor upon request and which should be reviewed for complete 
information concerning the rights, privileges, and obligations of investors in the Access Fund. In the event that 
the descriptions or terms in this Memorandum are inconsistent with or contrary to the descriptions in or terms of 
the Partnership Agreement or such other documents, the Partnership Agreement and such other documents shall 
control. The General Partner reserves the right to modify the terms of the offering and the Interests described in 
this Memorandum. The Interests arc offered subject to the General Partner's ability to reject any prospective 
investor's commitment, in whole or in part, in its sole discretion. 
By executing a Subscription Agreement, an Investor (i) agrees to be, and upon acceptance of such subscription 
by the General Partner shall be, bound as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund by the terms, provisions and 
requirements applicable to interests and Limited Partners of the Access Fund as set forth in the Partnership 
Agreement, as such Partnership Agreement may be amended or supplemented from time to time, and (ii) 
acknowledges the terms, provisions and requirements set forth herein and therein that are applicable to the 
Access Fund, the General Partner and the Investment Manager, as the case may be. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.60114(b)(3Xi), each investor (and any employee, representative, or other agent of such investor) may 
disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal, state, or local income tax 
treatment and tax structure of the Access Fund or any transactions undertaken by the Access Fund, it being 
understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the name of. or any other identifying information regarding (A) the 
Access Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in the Access Fund, or (B) any investment 
or transaction entered into by the Access Fund, and (ii) any performance information relating to the Access Fund 
or its investments. 
You are hereby informed that (a) the information contained in this Memorandum is not intended or written to be 
used, and cannot be used, by an investor for the purpose of avoiding penalties that the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service may attempt to impose on such investor, (b) the information was written to support the promotion or 
marketing of the transactions or marketing of the transactions or matters addressed by the written information 
and (c) investors should seek advice based on their particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor. 
During the course of the offering and prior to a purchase of Interests by a prospective investor, each offerec of 
the Interests and its purchaser representative(s), if any. arc invited to meet with representatives of the Access 
Fund and to discuss with, ask questions of, and receive answers from such representatives concerning the terms 
and conditions of the offering, and to obtain any additional information, to the extent that such representatives 
possess such information or can acquire it without unreasonable effort or expense, necessary to verify the 
information contained in this Memorandum. Subject to the foregoing, any representation or information not 
contained herein must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Underlying Fund, Glendower, the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Placement Agents, or any of their respective 
affiliates since no person has been authorized to make any such representations or to provide any such 
information. The delivery of this Memorandum does not imply that the information contained herein is correct 
as of any date subsequent to the date on the cover hereof or, if earlier, the date when such information is 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039189 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185373 
EFTA01354594

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354595.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi25 Gerald Ford 
referenced. Neither Glendower nor the Underlying Fund is responsible for updating any information provided 
in this Memorandum. 
The minimum subscription for Interests is $250,000, although the General Partner may accept subscriptions to 
the Access Fund for lesser amounts in its sole discretion. The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer 
and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may bc restricted by law. This Memorandum docs not constitute 
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy in any state or other jurisdiction to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such state or jurisdiction. Accordingly, the Interests may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and this Memorandum may not be distributed, in any jurisdiction, except 
in accordance with the legal requirements applicable to such jurisdiction. 
This Memorandum contains confidential, proprietary, trade secret, and other commercially sensitive 
information and should be treated in a confidential manner. The acceptance of this document constitutes an 
agreement to: (i) keep confidential all the information contained in this Memorandum and the Underlying Fund 
PPM, as well as any information derived from the information contained in this Memorandum (collectively, 
"Confidential Information') and not disclose any such Confidential Information to any other person, (ii) not 
use any of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than to evaluate an investment in the Access Fund, 
(iii) not use the Confidential Information for purposes of trading any security or other financial interests on the 
basis of any such information and (iv) promptly return this Memorandum and any copies hereof to the General 
Partner upon the General Partner's request, in each case subject to the confidentiality provisions more fully set 
forth in this Memorandum and any written agreement between the recipient and the General Partner or 
Investment Manager, if any. 
For additional information, please contact: 
Investor Relations 
ital Network, Inc. 
ird icaoitalnelwork.com 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
-vi-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039190 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185374 
EFTA01354595

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354596.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF THE ACCESS FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE 
MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ANY 
U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY 
OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY REPRESENTATION TO 
THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
THIS MEMORANDUM SUPERSEDES ANY AND ALL TERM SHEETS, PITCH BOOKS, 
PRELIMINARY INVESTMENT PROPOSALS OR ANY OTHER OFFERING LITERATURE 
DELIVERED TO A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR PRIOR TO THE DATE OF DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM TO SUCH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE. SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION 
MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE ACCESS FUND, THE 
GENERAL PARTNER, THE INVESTMENT MANAGER, GLENDOWER, OR ANY OF THEIR 
AFFILIATES (OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, 
MEMBERS, PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS OR AGENTS). ANY PURCHASE OF INTERESTS 
MADE BY ANY INVESTOR ON THE BASIS OF INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATIONS NOT 
CONTAINED HEREIN OR INCONSISTENT HEREWITH SHALL BE SOLELY AT THE RISK OF 
SUCH INVESTOR. 
EACH RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM ACKNOWLEDGES THAT PROSPECTIVE LIMITED 
PARTNERS IN THE UNDERLYING FUND HAVE RECEIVED CERTAIN MATERIALS PREPARED 
BY GLENDOWER THAT MAY CONTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
UNDERLYING FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO, WHICH HAVE NOT BEEN INCLUDED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM. SUCH INFORMATION, HAD IT BEEN PROVIDED TO THE INVESTOR, MAY 
HAVE BEEN MATERIAL TO THE INVESTOR'S DECISION WHETHER OR NOT TO INVEST IN 
THE ACCESS FUND. BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH INVESTOR AGREES TO 
THE FOREGOING. 
THE INTERESTS ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND 
MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR 
EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 
INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE 
PERIOD OF TIME. 
EACH HOLDER OF INTERESTS WILL BE REQUIRED UPON REQUEST BY THE GENERAL 
PARTNER TO CERTIFY AS TO THE BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SUCH INTERESTS AND ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN IN ORDER TO ASSURE THAT THE ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND WILL 
NOT BE PLAN ASSETS UNDER THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED. IT IS INTENDED THAT THE TOTAL NUMBER OF INTERESTS THAT MAY 
BE PURCHASED WITH CERTAIN TYPES OF FUNDS MAY BE LIMITED, AND EACH INVESTOR 
WHO BECOMES A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE ACCESS FUND AND ANY SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE INFORMATION AND CERTIFICATIONS 
REGARDING THE SOURCE OF FUNDS USED TO ACQUIRE THE INTERESTS. 
TO BE 
EFFECTIVE, ALL TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS MUST BE RECORDED IN THE LIST OF 
PARTNERS OF THE ACCESS FUND MAINTAINED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
ii-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039191 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185375 
EFTA01354596

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354597.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
EXEMPTIO1
OM REGISTRATION UNDER COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
ALTHOUGH THE ACCESS FUND IS PERMITTED TO DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TRADE 
COMMODITY FUTURES, SWAPS AND/OR OTHER COMMODITY INTERESTS (COLLECTIVELY, 
"COMMODITY INTERESTS"), THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION 
WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION ("CFTC") AS A COMMODITY 
POOL OPERATOR ("CPO") AND PLANS TO FILE WITH THE NATIONAL FUTURES 
ASSOCIATION (THE "NFA") A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE 
CFTC AS A CPO PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3). THEREFORE, UNLIKE A REGISTERED 
CPO, THE GENERAL PARTNER IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
WITH A CFTC COMPLIANT DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, NOR IS IT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE 
INVESTORS WITH CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORTS THAT SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
CFTC RULES APPLICABLE TO A REGISTERED CPO. IN ADDITION, BY VIRTUE OF ITS 
RELIANCE ON CFTC RULE 4. I4(a)(3). THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL BE EXEMPT PURSUANT 
TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(5) FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY 
TRADING ADVISOR ("CTA") WITH RESPECT TO ADVICE THAT IT PROVIDES TO THE ACCESS 
FUND, AND AS SUCH IT WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO SATISFY CERTAIN DISCLOSURE AND 
OTHER REQUIREMENTS UNDER CFTC RULES. THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE 
MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN 
OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS NOT REVIEW OR APPROVED 
THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL RELY UPON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO REGISTRATION 
UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3) (AND, CORRELATIVELY, THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 
4.14(a)(5)) BECAUSE (AMONG MEETING OTHER REQUIREMENTS): (I) THE INTERESTS IN THE 
ACCESS FUND ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE 
OFFERED AND SOLD WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES; (II) 
PARTICIPATION IN THE ACCESS FUND IS LIMITED TO "ACCREDITED INVESTORS" (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" 
(AS DEFINED IN THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT), AND (III) (A) AT ALL TIMES THE 
AMOUNT OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS TO WHICH THE ACCESS FUND IS 
DIRECTLY AND/OR INDIRECTLY EXPOSED DOES NOT EXCEED THE FOLLOWING LEVELS 
SPECIFIED IN CFTC REGULATION 4.13(a)(3Xii): EITHER (X) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL 
MARGIN AND PREMIUMS REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS 
WILL NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS FUND; AND/OR (Y) 
THE AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS OF THE 
ACCESS FUND WILL NOT EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS 
FUND'S PORTFOLIO; AND/OR (B) THE GENERAL PARTNER DOES NOT KNOW AND COULD 
NOT REASONABLY KNOW THAT THE ACCESS FUND'S INDIRECT EXPOSURE TO 
COMMODITY INTERESTS DERIVED FROM CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNDERLYING FUND IN 
WHICH THE ACCESS FUND INVESTS EXCEED THE LEVELS SPECIFIED IN CFTC 
REGULATION 4.13(aX3)(ii), EITHER CALCULATED DIRECTLY, OR THROUGH THE USE OF 
CFTC GUIDANCE ESTABLISHED IN APPENDIX A OF PART 4 OF THE CFTC'S REGULATIONS 
BEFORE SUCH APPENDIX WAS RESCINDED. TO THE EXTENT THE EXEMPTION CRITERIA 
CHANGES IN THE FUTURE, THE GENERAL PARTNER MAY SEEK TO COMPLY WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE DIFFERENT CRITERIA AND/OR OTHER EXEMPTIONS. 
AS A RESULT OF THE GENERAL PARTNER'S RELIANCE ON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO 
REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(aX3), AN INVESTOR THAT HAS 25% OR GREATER 
INTEREST IN THE ACCESS FUND AND OWNS OR CONTROLS COMMODITY FUTURES OR 
FUTURES OPTION CONTRACTS SUBJECT TO CFTC POSITION LIMITS WILL BE REQUIRED TO 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039192 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185376 
EFTA01354597

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354598.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
AGGREGATE SUCH POSITIONS, FOR CFTC POSITION LIMIT AND LARGE TRADER 
REPORTING PURPOSES, WITH ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT POSITIONS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
IN SUCH CONTRACTS. IN THE FUTURE, SIMILAR AGGREGATION REQUIREMENTS WILL BE 
APPLICABLE TO POSITIONS IN CERTAIN SWAPS THAT ARE ECONOMICALLY EQUIVALENT 
TO COMMODITY FUTURES AND FUTURES OPTIONS POSITIONS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN LEGAL ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE POTENTIAL 
APPLICATION OF POSITION AGGREGATION AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS TO THEIR 
OWNERSHIP OR CONTROL OF COMMODITY INTEREST CONTRACTS. 
THE INVESTMENT MANAGER HAS FILED WITH THE NFA A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A CTA PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.14(aX8). THE 
INVESTMENT MANAGER QUALIFIES FOR THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8) ON 
THE BASIS THAT (A) IT IS REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT ADVISER UNDER THE 
ADVISERS ACT, (B) ITS ADVICE IS DIRECTED SOLELY TO, AND FOR THE SOLE USE OF 
ENTITIES ENUMERATED IN CFTC RULE 4.14(aX8), INCLUDING A CPO WHO HAS CLAIMED 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3), (C) IT PROVIDES 
COMMODITY INTEREST TRADING ADVICE SOLELY INCIDENTAL TO ITS BUSINESS OF 
PROVIDING SECURITIES OR OTHER INVESTMENT ADVICE AND (D) IT IS NOT OTHERWISE 
HOLDING ITSELF OUT AS A CTA. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
-ix-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039193 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185377 
EFTA01354598

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354599.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354599.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI25 Gerald Ford 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
II. 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
M. 
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
IV. 
TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
Appendix A: Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP (as supplemented by the Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated 
November 2017). 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039194 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185378 
EFTA01354599

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354600.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354600.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the -Access 
Fund'), has been formed to invest substantially all of its investable assets in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with its parallel funds and 
alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the "Underlying Fund"). The principal investment objective 
of the Underlying Fund is to generate attractive risk-adjusted investment returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments 
including large and mid-market buyout, growth capital, venture capital. special situations, tumaround, 
mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets primarily on the secondary market. 
The investments are expected to be in established generalist and specialist private equity funds on the 
secondary market and in private equity funds or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market 
through bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The Access Fund expects to invest substantially all of its investable assets in the Underlying Fund. 
Accordingly, prospective investors should carefully read the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
of the Underlying Fund (the "Underlying Fund PPM"), including the sections relating to, and describing, 
the risk factors and potential conflicts of interest of the Underlying Fund, which is hereby incorporated by 
reference into this Memorandum and attached hereto as Appendix A and the limited partnership agreement 
of the Underlying Fund, which shall be provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment 
Manager. By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, the Investment Manager nor 
any of their respective affiliates is providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the 
advisability of an investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. 
The Access Fund is offering Interests to Investors that arc -U.S. Persons" as defined in Rule 902 under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 'Securities Act'). If an Investor is a Non-U.S. person for 
U.S. tax purposes or becomes a Non-U.S. person for U.S. tax purposes after investing in the Access Fund, 
adverse tax consequences could result for the Investor. 
Propridocr am! 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039195 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185379 
EFTA01354600

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354601.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUSi26 Gerald Ford 
II. 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
To understand this investment opportunity, a prospective investor should read both this summary of terms 
of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S), LP. (the 'Access Fund') and the summary of 
terms and conditions ofGlendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Pundit/. LP (together with its parallel 
investment funds and alternative investment funds. if applicable, the "Underlying Fund") in the attached 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund dated October 2017 (together with 
the first supplement thereto, and as it may be fitrther amended and/or supplemented from time to time, the 
"Underlying Fund PPM") and the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund, which shall be 
provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment Manager. 
The following information is presented as a summary of principal terms of the Access Fund and an 
investment in the Interests. This summary (and terms of the Access Fund described elsewhere in this 
Memorandum) is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Access Fund's Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Partnership 
Agreement'). and the subscription agreement and the related documentation with respect thereto (the 
"Subscription Agreement." and together with the Partnership Agreement, the 'Agreements'). copies of 
which will be provided to each prospective investor upon request. The forms of such Agreements should 
be reviewed carefully. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this summary and the Agreements. 
the Agreements will control. 
The Access Fund 
The General Partner 
The Investment Manager 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership (the "Access Fund"). 
The general partner of the Access Fund is Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 
-General Partner"). The General Partner is responsible for the overall 
management of the Access Fund, as described further in the Partnership 
Agreement. Unless othenvise specified, all actions referred to herein as 
being taken by the Access Fund will be performed by the General Partner 
or its delegates (including the Investment Manager as defined below). 
All references herein to the General Partner refer to the General Partner 
or the entities (such as the Investment Manager) to which the General 
Partner has delegated its authority as permitted under the Partnership 
Agreement. 
iCapital Advisors, LLC or an affiliate thereof will serve as the 
investment manager (the "Investment Manager") for the Access Fund, 
pursuant to an Investment Management Agreement (as defined below) 
with the General Partner. The General Partner will delegate the day-to-
day operations of the Access Fund to the Investment Manager. The 
Investment Manager may assign its rights and obligations under the 
Investment Management Agreement to any of its affiliates without 
consent of the Limited Partners. Pursuant to a delegation from the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager will generally have full 
investment discretion over the assets of the Access Fund and MI 
authority to conduct the day-to-day business and operations of the 
Access Fund. The Investment Manager will receive a management fee 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185380 
DB-SDNY-0039196 
EFTA01354601

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354602.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS726 Gerald Ford 
(the "Management Fee") in respect of the Access Fund, payable 
quarterly in advance by the Access Fund. See "Management Fee." 
This Memorandum refers to the investment management agreement for 
the Access Fund as the "Investment Management Agreement." The 
Investment Manager is responsible for exercising the Access Fund's 
rights with respect to its interest in the Underlying Fund. Except as 
described herein, the Investment Manager is not required to consult with, 
or obtain the approval of, any Limited Partner in exercising the Access 
Fund's rights in the Underlying Fund. See "Certain Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of Interest." 
Neither the Investment Manager, the General Partner nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be involved in, will oversee, or will 
have any responsibility for, the business, operations, investments or 
investment decisions of Glendower or the Underlying Fund. 
Purpose; Underlying Fund 
The purpose and business of the Access Fund is to invest substantially 
all of its investable assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV. LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with 
its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the 
-Underlying Fund"), as an equity holder thereof in accordance with the 
temis set forth in the Underlying Fund's constituent documents. 
The principal investment objective of the Underlying Fund is to generate 
attractive risk-adjusted investment returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, 
refinancing and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments 
including buyout, growth capital, venture capital, special situations, 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The investments arc 
expected to be in established generalist and specialist private equity fund 
structures on the secondary market and in private equity fund structures 
or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through 
bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The summary terms and conditions of an investment in the Underlying 
Fund are as set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM, a copy of which is 
attached hereto as Appendix A. 
To help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient amount of the Limited 
Partner's Subscriptions (as defined below) are available to pay expenses 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions 
to the Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, 
the General Partner is not required to set aside any such amounts, and 
may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund 
to the Underlying Fund (i.e., commits an amount to the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039197 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185381 
EFTA01354602

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354603.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS726 Gerald Ford 
Fund, which together with any expenses of the Access Fund, is greater 
than the total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund) the General Partner may need to fund Access Fund 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the 
distributions received from the Underlying Fund (in such case the 
Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. See -Borrowing." 
Offering; Investment in the 
Limited partner interests of the Access Fund (-Interests") are being 
Access Fund 
offered and sold in a private placement to certain U.S. investors 
(-Limited Partners", and, together with the General Partner, 
'Partners"). 
The Access Fund is designed for investors (-Investors') that are either 
(A) U.S. taxable investors or (B) investors that arc pension plans, Keogh 
plans, individual retirement accounts, tax-exempt institutions and other 
tax-exempt limited partners ("U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors") that are 
willing to receive material amounts of -unrelated business taxable 
income" (as defined under Sections 512 and 514 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) ("UBTI"). The Access Fund 
is not designed for (i) U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to 
receive material amounts of UBTI or (ii) investors that are not "U.S. 
persons" (as described in "Tax, Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations - Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations") 
("Non-U.S. Investors'). If a Limited Partner is a Non-U.S. Investor or 
becomes a Non-U.S. Investor for U.S. tax purposes after investing in the 
Access Fund, adverse tax consequences could result for the Limited 
Partner. Those U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish to receive 
any UBTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty benefits and Non-
U.S. Investors should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund 
(as defined below). See "Tax. Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations - Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" and 
"— Certain ERISA Considerations." Prospective investors should consult 
their own advisors regarding the U.S. and foreign tax consequences of 
an investment in the Access Fund or the Feeder Fund. 
Minimum Subscription 
The minimum capital commitment ("Subscription") by a Limited 
Partner will be $250,000. although the General Partner reserves the right 
to accept a Subscription of lesser amounts. Investors investing in the 
Access Fund rather than directly through the Underlying Fund will be 
subject to an additional layer of expenses. 
The minimum commitment to the Underlying Fund per investor is 
$5,000,000. although the Glendower GP may accept a lesser amount. 
Investors seeking to make a Subscription equal to or greater than 
$5,000,000 should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
See "Management Fee." 
The General Partner will not have a 
Subscription. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039198 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185382 
EFTA01354603

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354604.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125Gereld Ford 
Initial and Subsequent 
Closings 
The Access Fund may hold multiple closings. The General Partner will 
provide prospective Limited Partners with notice of the anticipated date 
of the initial closing (the "Initial Closing") of the Access Fund. The 
General Partner may admit additional Investors into the Access Fund or 
allow existing Limited Partners to increase their Subscriptions in 
subsequent closings until the final closing of the Access Fund (each such 
closing, a "Subsequent Closing" and the final Subsequent Closing, the 
-Final Closing"). Subsequent closings may be held after the Initial 
Closing until the date that is 3 months following the last date on which 
the Underlying Fund may hold a closing (it being understood that the 
Glendower GP is not required to accept any such additional commitment 
from the Access Fund). Each investor that becomes a Limited Partner 
(or that is already a Limited Partner and increases its Subscription) at 
any closing subsequent to the Initial Closing will be required to make a 
capital contribution at admission equal to (i) the amount of the 
contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the Access Fund 
attributable to such Investor's new or increased Subscription (which may 
include an interest component at a rate per annum equal to the higher of 
(A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period or such other amount as 
set forth in the Underlying Fund LPA), if any, if the Access Fund makes 
a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund, (ii) 
its proportionate share of all funded expenses of the Access Fund 
(excluding the Management Fee) and, to the extent not duplicative of (i) 
above, its proportionate sham of all funded Subscriptions of Investors 
admitted in prior closings, including if applicable, in connection with 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested 
in the Underlying Fund, (iii) the amount of the Management Fee that 
would have been payable in respect of such Investor had such Investor 
subscribed for an Interest at the Initial Closing and (iv) an amount 
computed as interest on the amounts set forth under (i) through (iii) 
above at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and 
(B) 8% for the period from the due date or dates on which the other 
Partners were required to make their earlier contributions to the date of 
such contribution. Amounts paid by any Limited Partner as interest on 
(ii) above, shall be paid to the Access Fund for the account of Limited 
Partners that participated in prior closings and any amounts paid by any 
Limited Partner as interest on (iii) above, shall be paid to the Investment 
Manager and not to the Access Fund or any other Limited Partner. Any 
contributions by a Limited Partner to the Access Fund to fund late 
closing interest under (iv) shall not reduce the unpaid portion of such 
Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner will be required 
to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund any late 
closing intcrcst, if applicable) and any such interest amounts credited to 
the account of Limited Partners shall not increase the unpaid 
Subscriptions of such Limited Partners who receive such interest. 
Failure to pay subsequent interest as calculated in (iv) above will be 
considered a default under the Partnership Agreement. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039199 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185383 
EFTA01354604

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354605.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354605.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
The Access Fund will make its investment in the Underlying Fund at 
closings of the Underlying Fund on or after the Initial Closing, and if 
any Limited Partner increases its Subscription or any additional Limited 
Partners are admitted to the Access Fund at a Subsequent Closing, the 
Access Fund may make additional investments in the Underlying Fund, 
upon subsequent closings of the Underlying Fund, at the discretion of 
the Investment Manager, contemporaneously with or subsequent to the 
date of any increase in Subscriptions or admission of additional Limited 
Partners. In the event that a Subsequent Closing occurs after the Access 
Fund's initial investment in the Underlying Fund, existing Investors' 
interests in the Underlying Fund may be diluted to the extent that the 
Access Fund does not subsequently make a corresponding additional 
investment in the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no 
obligation to make a corresponding additional investment in the 
Underlying Fund in connection with any Subsequent Closing. 
Term 
Investors admitted at Subsequent Closings will participate in the Access 
Fund's existing investments in the Underlying Fund, which may dilute 
the Interests of existing Limited Partners and may indirectly participate 
in the existing investments of the Underlying Fund, to the extent the 
Access Fund is permitted by the general partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Glendower GP") to participate in such existing investments, 
which may dilute the Interests of existing Limited Partners and partners 
of the Underlying Fund, including the Access Fund. For the avoidance 
of doubt, investments made and disposed of prior to a particular 
Subsequent Closing will not be allocated to any Investors admitted at 
such Subsequent Closing. Although Investors admitted at Subsequent 
Closings will make capital contributions such that all Investors will have 
made proportional capital contributions (based on their Subscriptions) to 
the Access Fund, there can be no assurances that the amount paid by 
such Investors will reflect the fair value of their pro raw share of the 
Underlying Fund at the time of the Subsequent Closings. 
The term of the Access Fund is currently expected to end within one year 
following the dissolution of the Underlying Fund, but may be extended 
fin two additional one-year periods beyond the one-year anniversary of 
the dissolution of the Underlying Fund at the discretion of the General 
Partner or may be terminated, liquidated and dissolved earlier in certain 
limited situations outlined in the Partnership Agreement. 
Parallel Access Funds and The General Partner may form one or more limited partnerships or other 
Feeder Funds 
investment vehicles to invest in parallel with the Access Fund (each, a 
"Parallel Access Fund") and/or feeder funds, including the Offshore 
Access Fund (as defined below) (collectively, -Feeder Funds') in order 
to comply with securities laws or to address tax, legal, regulatory or other 
issues of investors in such entity or program. The Access Fund, any 
Parallel Access Fund and any Feeder Fund (including the Offshore 
Access Fund) shall share common fees and expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039200 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185384 
EFTA01354605

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354606.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354606.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
entity. directly or indirectly, in the Underlying Fund, to the extent 
practicable. 
In particular, the General Partner or the Investment Manager will form 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Offshore Access Fund", and together with the Access Fund, the 
"Access Funds") for certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors not 
willing to receive material amounts of UBTI and certain qualified Non-
U.S. Investors. The Offshore Access Fund is expected to be a Cayman 
Islands exempted limited partnership and other than assets used to cover 
Offshore Access Fund expenses, the Offshore Access Fund will invest 
all of the Subscriptions made by the limited partners of the Offshore 
Access Fund in the Access Fund. 
Although Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds arc expected to invest 
on similar terms and conditions to the Access Fund, such Parallel Access 
Funds or Feeder Funds may have the same or different terms (including 
terms that are more favorable) than those described herein, provided, 
that any such Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds "ill only accept 
subscriptions from "qualified purchasers," as defined in the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment 
Company Act"), and interests will be offered and sold only to investors 
who arc "accredited investors" within the meaning given to such term in 
Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Capital Calls 
Each Limited Partner's capital contributions will be payable when called 
by the General Partner to meet anticipated Access Fund expenses and 
liabilities and to make contributions to the Underlying Fund. Each 
Limited Partner's capital contribution shall generally be due upon 
business days' written notice, except in certain limited circumstances 
where the General Partner 
deems it prudent to require capital 
contributions to be made on shorter notice. The General Partner may 
require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner 
will provide written notice of the exact size and timing of any such initial 
capital contribution in advance of the Initial Closing of the Access Fund. 
A Limited Partner who fails to make its capital contributions in a timely 
manner including in connection with recalls of Distributions or who 
otherwise fails to make a payment required by the Access Fund 
(including (i) expenses incurred in respect of transfers (ii) expenses 
incurred by the General Partner or the Access Fund to the extent that any 
tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General 
Partner or the Access Fund because of the identity, jurisdiction or action 
of the Limited Partner (including the election not to receive Schedule K-
electronically) and (iii) any applicable interest charged in connection 
with a Subsequent Closing) may suffer substantial penalties with respect 
to its Interest, including, a total forfeiture of such Interest. In addition, 
any (i) material breach by a Limited Partner of its representations and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039201 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185385 
EFTA01354606

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354607.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS126 Gerald Ford 
warranties in its Subscription Agreement and (ii) any failure by a 
Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General 
Partner or Investment Manager in connection with anti-money 
laundering or similar programs, sill be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In the event that the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
the Underlying Fund as a result of the failure of a Limited Partner to 
make a capital contribution to the Access Fund, the Underlying Fund 
may impose certain remedies against the Access Fund, including, 
potentially causing the Access Fund to forfeit all or a portion of its 
interest in the Underlying Fund. 
Bifurcated Default 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the "Defaulted Amount"), the General Partner may 
call additional capital from the Limited Partners that have already made 
the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions) to the extent necessary to fund the Defaulted Amount. 
If the Access Fund fails to contribute all or any portion of any call 
amount set forth in a funding notice received from the Underlying Fund 
(an "Access Fund Default"), and such failure results from the failure of 
one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited Partner, a "Defaulting 
Access Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital 
call issued by the Access Fund, then Glendower has agreed to only treat 
the Access Fund as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined in the limited 
partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund, (as may be amended or 
otherwise supplemented from time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA')) 
with respect to the portion of the Access Fund's interest in the 
Underlying Fund that has defaulted. In addition, the General Partner has 
agreed that, if the Glendower GP so requests upon any Access Fund 
Default, the General Partner, or the Investment Manager on its behalf, 
shall cause the Access Fund to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the 
General Partner will delegate to the Underlying Fund, the authority to 
exercise directly for the direct benefit of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in the Partnership Agreement against a 
Defaulting Access Fund Investor as if they were a Defaulting Partner, 
and the General Partner will provide such assistance as is reasonably 
requested by the Glendower GP in connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of the Partnership 
Agrccmcnt, in order to equitably determine the rights and obligations of 
any Limited Partner with respect to the Underlying Fund, the General 
Partner may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund, any default penalties imposed by the 
Glendower GP may be allocated solely by the General Partner to the 
applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the maximum extent 
possible. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039202 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185388 
EFTA01354607

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354608.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
The General Partner shall have the sole discretion to apply the default 
provisions to each investor in any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis 
as if such investor was a direct limited partner of the Access Fund instead 
of applying such provisions directly to such Feeder Fund. 
Distributions 
Capital Accounts; 
Allocations 
Organizational and 
Offering Expenses 
Access Fund Expenses 
Distributions from the Underlying Fund received by the Access Fund 
will generally be distributed to the Limited Partners (including any 
Feeder Funds) pro rata based on their respective Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund (excluding any Defaulting Partners, if applicable) as 
promptly as practicable. The Access Fund will be entitled to withhold 
from any Distribution amounts necessary to create, in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, reserves for the payment of Access Fund 
expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
Liquidating distributions will be made in accordance with positive 
capital account balances. 
It is intended that capital accounts will be maintained in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax guidelines. In general, items of income, gain, 
loss and deduction will be allocated to the Limited Partners' capital 
accounts in a manner consistent with the distribution procedures outlined 
above. 
The Access Fund, and the Limited Partners in the Access Fund 
(including any Feeder Fund) will bear all organizational and offering 
expenses incurred by the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager 
(-Organizational Expenses") (including legal, travel, accounting, tax 
advisory expenses, start-up filing, capital-raising and other expenses, 
organizational and other start-up expenses of the General Partner, and 
custodial and administrative costs) in connection with the formation of 
the Access Fund, any Feeder Fund and the offering of the Interests. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing Organizational Expenses do not 
include expenses incurred by Placement Agents (as defined below). 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; Organizational Expenses: liquidation 
expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; 
expenses and fees related to accounting, audits of the Access Fund's 
books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns and 
other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
(-FATCA1 and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"): costs 
of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to 
and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039203 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185387 
EFTA01354608

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354609.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUSi26 Gerald Ford 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs 
or expenses in connection with the Access Fund's admission to the 
Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying 
Fund and any subsequent closing interest charged to the Access Fund); 
extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; a0 expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or 
similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of 
securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment 
banking, commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording 
fees and expenses. administrative (including any fees and expenses of 
the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Access Fund 
and any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each 
case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities 
by the Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is 
consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation of torn' documentation in respect 
of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement 
to provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the 
process for Limited Partners to sell all or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as 
travel, research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on 
behalf of the Access Fund in respect of the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses 
(including travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, 
or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the 
Placement Agents, whether internal or provided by a third party service 
provider, utilized for risk management, measurement and valuation 
purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility 
or regulatory obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to 
protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, 
directors, employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses 
associated with the ongoing operations of any alternative investment 
vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; legal and 
recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, accountants and other third-party service 
providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment 
vehicles, including tax preparation expenses: expenses relating to any 
audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the foregoing, Access Fund expenses will 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039204 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185388 
EFTA01354609

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354610.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all of the 
operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, 
the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses of 
the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder 
Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund): provided, 
however, that operating expenses that arc uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined with respect to, and paid separately by, 
such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner in 
its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid 
portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription 
to fund their sham of Access Fund expenses). 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Funds) will indirectly bear the cost of the Access 
Fund's pro rota share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and 
expenses payable by the Access Fund as a limited partner of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund 
expenses by virtue of being a Limited Partner of the Access Fund. To 
the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred 
by the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of 
the Access Fund and/or any Parallel Access Funds established in 
connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying 
Fund, the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the 
Access Fund and such Parallel Access Funds as it reasonably deems 
appropriate. 
Management Fee 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment 
Manager shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the 
Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). The Management Fee amount 
contributed by each Limited Partner to the Access Fund shall reduce the 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited 
Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its 
Subscription to fund the Management Fee). The Access Fund shall pay 
the aggregate amount of such Management Fee assessed with respect to 
the Limited Partners to the Investment Manager. 
Commencing upon the "Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as 
defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) and for each fiscal quarter 
thereafter through the first date on which the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a 
Limited Farmer shall be an amount equal to the product of the 
Management Fee Rate (as defined below) applicable to such Limited 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039205 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185389 
EFTA01354610

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354611.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Partner multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. After 
the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each 
fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to the product of the Management 
Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate sham (based upon Subscriptions) of the Access 
Fund's proportionate share of capital contributions in respect of all 
"Invested Capital" (as defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) of the 
Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the Access 
Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated 
based on Invested Capital in accordance with (C) below. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Manager in its sole 
discretion may elect to waive or otherwise reduce the Management Fee 
attributable to any Limited Partner. 
The "Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
-investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 
0.25% per quarter); provided, that the Management Fee Rate for (i) a 
Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is 
less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per 
quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds 
$5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); (B) 
from the first date on which the -investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund has permanently expired until the second anniversary of such date 
is 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided, that the 
Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription 
equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60% 
per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose 
Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum 
(i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a 
Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately preceding year 
or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited 
Partner's Invested Capital. 
The Management Fee that is charged by the Access Fund to a Limited 
Partner shall be paid to the Investment Manager. The Investment 
Manager will pay a material portion of the amount received to the 
Placement Agents in exchange for certain servicing functions rendered 
by the Placement Agents. The portion of the Management Fee received 
may differ among Placement Agents. 
•The Management Fee will be payable in advance on a quarterly basis 
from the Initial Closing. 
The foregoing fee is exclusive of the amount of the Underlying Fund 
Management Fee payable in respect of the Access Fund as a limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund. In addition, the Limited Partners will 
indirectly pay carried interest to the Glendower GP by virtue of the 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039206 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185390 
EFTA01354611

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354612.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi2S Gerald Ford 
Placement Agent; 
Placement Fee 
Marketing and Fund 
Servicing Fees 
Underlying Fund 
Management Fee 
Access Fund being a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. See 
-Access Mind Erpenses" and "Underlying Fund Management Fee." 
The Access Fund will utilize Raymond James & Associates, Inc. or 
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. (each separately and 
collectively referred to as "Raymond James") or an affiliate thereof, to 
serve as a placement agent, and may also utilize additional placement 
agents (each, of Raymond James or such other placement agent, a 
"Placement Agent"), in its sole discretion. 
At the time of the relevant closing of the Access Fund, each Limited 
Partner shall be required to directly pay their applicable Placement 
Agent or its affiliate a one-time upfront sales charge or placement fee (a 
"Placement Fee") in connection with such Limited Partner's 
Subscription. The Placement Fee will equal up to 2.0% of the Limited 
Partner's Subscription, as determined by the applicable Placement 
Agent, and shall not be considered a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund or part of such Limited Partner's Subscription. All expenses 
(including marketing costs) of the Placement Agents shall be borne by 
the Placement Agents. Each Placement Agent, in its sole discretion, will 
have the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee payable 
by any particular Limited Partner. 
The fees payable to the Placement Agent that refers an Investor will be 
disclosed to such Investor prior to its admission to the Access Fund. 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also act as 
placement agent or in a similar capacity for the Underlying Fund, and 
receive a placement fee from the Glendower GP or an affiliate based on 
the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also 
receive a placement fee for each referred direct investor commitment to 
the Underlying Fund. 
As described in detail in Section 6 - "General Partner's Share" in the 
Underlying Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), Glendower will 
be entitled to receive a management fee (the "Underlying Fund 
Management Fee"), payable on January 1, April 1, July I, October 1, 
at an annual rate of initially 1.10% (which reflects a 0.15% discount 
given to the Access Fund by the Underlying Fund, and which is not 
therefore referred to in the Underlying Fund PPM) of the Access Funds' 
capital commitment to the Underlying Fund, calculated as described in 
more detail in the Underlying Fund PPM and the Underlying Fund LPA, 
which shall be provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment 
Manager. 
Investors making a Subscription equal to or greater than $5 million 
should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039207 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185391 
EFTA01354612

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354613.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354613.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
Underlying Fund Carried 
Interest 
Indemnification 
Withdrawal and Transfer 
As described in detail in Section 6 — "Distributions" in the Underlying 
Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), the Glendower GP is 
entitled to receive "carried interest" distributions equal to 12.5% of the 
Underlying Fund's net profits subject to an eight percent (8%) preferred 
return with a full catch up provision for the Glendower GP. The actual 
amount of any such carried interest payment is based in part upon the 
Underlying Fund's achievement of certain returns. The foregoing 
description is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by the 
Underlying Fund LPA, and prospective investors must review the 
Underlying Fund documents for a detailed description of the manner in 
which the Underlying Fund intends to make carried interest 
distributions. 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, 
the respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets 
of the Access Fund, including the capital calls from the Limited Partners 
(which capital calls for indemnification expenses am outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from any recalled Distributions (see 
Capital 
Calls"), against certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in 
the Underlying Fund. the Access Fund (and indirectly the Limited 
Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts 
will be callable from Limited Partners of the Access Fund to the full 
extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of distributions. 
Limited Partners may not withdraw from the Access Fund prior to its 
dissolution, provided that a Limited Partner may, with the consent of the 
General Partner in accordance with the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement, transfer its Interests to a Feeder Fund. In addition, Limited 
Partners may not sell, assign or transfer any of their Interests, rights or 
obligations in the Access Fund except with the consent of the General 
Partner, and such consent may be withheld or delayed in the sole and 
absolute discretion of the General Partner. Should the General Partner 
consent to a sale, transfer, assignment or other disposition of a Limited 
Partner's Interest, the transferring Limited Partner or its transferee will 
be required to pay Transfer Expenses (as defined in the Partnership 
Agreement), which shall be at least $5,000 and shall be sufficient to pay 
all costs incurred in connection with any such transfer. Any transferring 
Limited Partner and such Limited Partner's transferee shall, jointly and 
severally, be required to reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the 
General Partner, for any expenses reasonably incurred by the Partnership 
in connection with such Transfer. The General Partner may require the 
complete or partial withdrawal of a Limited Partner in certain limited 
instances (as described in the Partnership Agreement). Transfer 
Expenses paid by a Limited Partner or transferee shall not reduce the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039208 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185392 
EFTA01354613

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354614.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354614.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription. Failure to pay 
any applicable Transfer Expenses will be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement and any amount due may be deducted directly 
from distributions payable to the Limited Partner or transferee. 
Reports and Meetings 
United States Federal 
Income Tax Aspects of the 
Access Fund 
Annually, the Access Fund will furnish audited financial statements to 
all Limited Partners. In addition, each Limited Partner will be provided 
annually with an U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Schedule K-1 
(or equivalent report). On a quarterly basis, each Limited Partner will 
receive a quarterly report and unaudited statement of capital account of 
the Access Fund. None of the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates will take any responsibility for the 
accuracy or completeness of information provided by, or based upon 
information provided by, the Underlying Fund. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Limited Partners will be 
treated as partners investing in a partnership, the Access Fund. The 
Access Fund's ability to report to Limited Partners information 
regarding its income, gains, losses and deductions is dependent upon its 
receipt of such information from the Underlying Fund. The Access Fund 
anticipates that it will not be able to deliver Schedules K-1 in respect of 
a particular year to Limited Partners prior to April 15 of the following 
year. Accordingly, Limited Partners will be required to obtain 
extensions for filing their federal, state and local income tax returns. 
If the Access Fund does not receive all of the required information in a 
timely manner, it may need to rely on estimates in preparing its tax return 
and any schedules thereto (including Schedules K-1). 
The Access Fund expects to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. The Access Fund has been structured for Limited 
Partners that arc U.S. residents subject to U.S. federal income tax and 
certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI. While the Access Fund is available to U.S. Tax-
Exempt Investors, the Access Fund will not take any steps to avoid 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to such persons. Thus, 
by investing in the Access Fund, a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor should 
expect to recognize material amounts of UBTI, which will require the 
filing of tax returns and payment of taxes. The Access Fund is not 
designed for U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that arc not willing to receive 
material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish 
to receive any USTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty 
benefits should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund. The 
Access Fund is not being offered to Non-U.S. Investors and Non-U.S. 
Investors shall not be eligible to invest in the Access Fund. Non-U.S. 
Investors should, if eligible, instead consider an investment in the 
Offshore Access Fund. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039209 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185383 
EFTA01354614

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354615.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354615.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with specific 
reference to their own situations as they relate to an investment in the 
Access Fund. 
Certain ERISA 
The General Partner intends to conduct the operations of the Access 
Considerations 
Fund so that it will be an appropriate investment for employee benefit 
plans subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
and (unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor 
statute thereto ("ERISA"). The Access Fund may require certain 
representations or assurances from investors subject to ERISA to 
determine compliance with ERISA provisions. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of each class of equity interests 
(disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) 
in the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, 
and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan 
assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. 
Accordingly, the General Partner may not approve the purchase of an 
Interest by or proposed transfer of an Interest to a person that has 
represented that it is a "benefit plan investor" or to a Controlling Person 
to the extent that such purchase or transfer would result in 1)enefit plan 
investors" owning 25% or more of the value of the interests in the Access 
Fund immediately after such purchase or proposed transfer (such 
percentage determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
Limited Partner Giveback 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other 
liability or is otherwise required to return distributions to the Underlying 
Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in 
its capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund), each Limited 
Partner may be required to return distributions received from the Access 
Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided. however, that the aggregate amount of such returns from any 
Limited Partner shall not exceed the aggregate amount of distributions 
received by such Limited Partner (it being understood that additional 
amounts may be called from Limited Partners in respect of 
indemnification expenses, which amounts arc outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription). 
Amendments; Voting 
The Partnership Agreement may generally be amended with the consent 
of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners, 
subject to certain limitations set forth in the Partnership Agreement. The 
Partnership Agreement sets forth certain other procedures for its 
amendment, including provisions regarding negative consent and also 
allowing the General Partner to amend the Partnership Agreement 
without the consent of the Limited Partners in certain circumstances, 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039210 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185394 
EFTA01354615

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354616.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi2S Gerald Ford 
including (i) to the extent such amendment does not subject any Limited 
Partner to any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or 
waive in any material respect the duties and obligations of the General 
Partner to the Access Fund or the Limited Partners, (ii) to cure any 
ambiguity or correct or supplement any provision in the Partnership 
Agreement which may be inconsistent with any other provision therein 
or to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that the Partnership 
Agreement shall accurately reflect the agreement among the Partners, 
(iii) is necessary in order to comply with any fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (iv) to address 
changes in financial, regulatory or tax legislation, which amendment 
may include reorganizing or reconstituting the Access Fund, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the 
economic returns of the Limited Partners. The General Partner and the 
Investment Manager intends to cause the Access Fund to vote its interest 
in the Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
The General Partner and the Investment Manager will not consult the 
Limited Partners when voting the interests of the Access Fund and will 
endeavor to vote in a way that benefits the Access Fund as a whole. As 
such, a Limited Partner's individual interest may differ from that of the 
Access Fund and therefore the vote may not be consistent with how the 
Limited Partner would have voted if provided with the opportunity. The 
Limited Partners of the Access Fund will not have the right to vote 
on any matters requiring the vote of the Access Fund in its capacity 
as an investor in the Underlying Fund. 
Borrowing 
The Access Fund may enter into a credit facility (a -Credit Facility") 
with a third party, which Credit Facility may be secured by drawdowns 
of Subscriptions, for purposes of temporarily funding all, or any portion 
of, any anticipated capital calls by the Underlying Fund in respect of the 
Limited Partners' Subscriptions or expenses or liabilities of the Access 
Fund in advance of receipt of such amounts from the Limited Partners 
and to cover the Access Fund's over-commitment to the Underlying 
Fund or defaults by Limited Partners. 
See "Capital Calls" and 
"Purpose: Underlying Fund" 
Such borrowings may require the Investment Manager, on behalf of the 
General Partner, to pledge all or a portion of the property of the Access 
Fund and/or the Subscriptions to the Access Fund to secure such a loan. 
In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the 
rights to issue drawdown notices and to receive capital contributions to 
a third party. Limited Partners may be required to provide banks or other 
financial 
institutions 
with financial 
information 
and 
other 
documentation reasonably required to obtain borrowings. 
Repayment of the principal and the interest (and any related fees and 
expenses) amount of any such borrowings will be made from the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNIY-0039211 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185395 
EFTA01354616

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354617.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
Subject to the limitations set forth in the relevant Underlying Fund LPA, 
the Underlying Fund may incur indebtedness, provide credit support and 
guarantee the obligations of portfolio companies and certain other 
obligations at both the Underlying Fund-level and with respect to 
obligations of their respective portfolio companies. 
Borrowings by the Underlying Fund may make it more difficult for the 
Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. 
If the Access Fund is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any 
fund obligations in advance of receipt of such amounts from Limited 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution obligations towards the Underlying 
Fund and may be treated as a defaulting investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA with respect to the Access Fund's entire interest. 
In particular, the Access Fund may be unable to borrow sufficient funds 
or obtain favorable terms due to the Underlying Fund's borrowing of 
funds pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. 
Investor Eligibility 
Confidentiality 
Each investor must be an -accredited investor" (as defined within the 
meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act), a "qualified client" (as defined in Rule 205-3 of the 
Investment Company Act) and a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the investment Company Act). 
Confidential information provided to the Limited Partners may not be 
disclosed to any person other than to its officers, fiduciaries, employees, 
agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors, who 
have a business need to know such confidential information, who have 
been informed of the confidential nature of such confidential 
information, and who are, either by the nature of their positions or duties 
or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially equivalent 
restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the confidential 
information as are set forth in the Partnership Agreement 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to 
comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section l.6011-4(6)(3)(i), each 
investor (and any employee, representative, or other agent of such 
investor) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any 
kind, the U.S. federal, state, or local income tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Access Fund or any transactions undertaken by the 
Access Fund, it being understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the 
name of, or any other identifying information regarding (A) the Access 
Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in the 
Access Fund, or (B) any investment or transaction entered into by the 
Access Fund, and (ii) any performance information relating to the 
Access Fund or its investments. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
II 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039212 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185396 
EFTA01354617

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354618.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Investor Information 
Legal Counsel 
Auditor, Administrator 
and Custodian 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA, the 
General Partner may be required to provide certain Limited Partner 
information to the Glendower GP for a variety of reasons. In addition, 
the General Partner may provide certain information to the other Limited 
Partners, as well as to the Access Fund's accountants, attorneys and 
other service providers as necessary to effect, administer and enforce the 
Access Fund and its Partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may 
be required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP ("Cleary Gottlieb") serves as 
U.S. legal counsel to the General Partner, the Investment Manager and 
certain of their affiliates. Maples and Calder has been retained as 
Cayman Islands legal counsel to the Access Funds, General Partner. 
Investment Manager and certain of their affiliates. Cleary Gottlieb and 
Maples and Calder, which do not represent the Underlying Fund or 
Glendower. also advise the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and certain of their affiliates on their respective obligations to the Access 
Funds. However, no attorney-client relationship exists between either 
Cleary Gottlieb or Maples and Calder and any other person solely by 
reason of such other person making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Each investor should consult with its own counsel as to the legal and tax 
aspects of an investment in the Access Fund and its suitability for such 
investor. 
KPMG or another nationally recognized auditing firm will act as 
Auditor. An independent third party will act as Administrator and 
Custodian. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-.SDNIY-0039213 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185387 
EFTA01354618

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354619.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354619.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS126 Gerald Ford 
III. 
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Potential investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in the Access Fund, which include, 
but are not limited to, the risks outlined below as well as the detailed discussion with regard to risks and 
conflicts of interest generally applicable to the Underlying Fund set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM 
(attached hereto in Appendix A). All private fund investments involve a risk of loss of capital. No 
assurances can be given that the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund will achieve their investment 
objectives or that Limited Partners will not suffer loss. By making the Access Fund available, neither the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any of their respective affiliates is providing investment 
advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an investment in the Access Fund or the 
Underlying Fund. An investment in the Access Fund is highly speculative and involves certain risks and 
conflicts of interest that prospective investors should consider carefully before subscribing. The following 
discusses certain risks and is not exhaustive, and other risks and conflicts not discussed below may arise in 
connection with the management and operation of the Access Fund. 
Business and Market Risks The investments made by the Underlying Fund and indirectly by the Access 
Fund may involve a high degree of business and financial risk that can result in substantial losses. In 
particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition or prospects of the entity in which 
the investment is made, changes in national or international economic and market conditions, and changes 
in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions of countries in which investments are made, 
including the risks of war and the effects of terrorist attacks. The impact of such events or other instances 
of war or natural disaster, is unclear but could have material adverse effects on general economic conditions 
and market liquidity, resulting in a partial or total loss of capital, and Investors should not invest unless they 
can readily bear the consequences of such loss. 
Placement Agents The Placement Agents, including Raymond James, will receive, in respect of an 
Investor introduced to the Access Fund, a Placement Fee in an amount up to 2.0% of such Investor's 
Subscription, directly from such Investor for advisory services. The Placement Fee may differ among 
Placement Agents. In addition, depending upon each such Limited Partner's assets under management, 
among other factors, certain of these Limited Partners may compensate a particular Placement Agent at 
higher levels than other such Limited Partners. Accordingly, the Placement Agents and/or their respective 
affiliates may receive higher levels of compensation in connection with investments by some Limited 
Partners than they receive in connection with investments by other Limited Partners. Any such Placement 
Fee may be waived or reduced in respect of any particular Investor without thereby entitling any other 
Investor to a similar waiver or reduction. In addition, the Placement Agents will receive from the 
Investment Manager a portion of the Management Fee on an ongoing basis. As the Placement Agents will 
receive ongoing compensation in respect of the Interests, they will have a conflict of interest in the form of 
an additional financial incentive to the Placement Agents and their respective equity owners and investment 
representatives to refer Investors to the Access Fund and in consulting with Investors as to the purchase of 
Interests. Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described above, the Placement Agents 
may benefit financially from referring Investors to the Access Fund rather than to other products that may 
also be appropriate for particular Investors. 
In addition, Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also receive a placement fee or other 
fee from Glendower based on the aggregate capital commitment of the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund, 
which would further incentivize the Placement Agents to refer Investors to the Access Fund. Finally, 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also receive a placement or other fee from 
Glendower on each referred "direct investor commitment" to the Underlying Fund. Such fee will result in 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039214 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185398 
EFTA01354619

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354620.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354620.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI2S Gerald Ford 
Raymond James and the other the Placement Agents having additional conflicts of interest with respect to 
the purchase of Interests by Investors. 
Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund. The Access Fund is an investment vehicle being 
formed to facilitate the investment of certain categories of investors into the Underlying Fund. The Access 
Fund's sole objective is to invest in the Underlying Fund and, other than such investment, the Access Fund 
is not expected to have any material operations. Substantially all of the capital contributions to the Access 
Fund will be contributed by the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund, and the Limited Partners will receive 
an indirect interest in the Underlying Fund. Because the sole purpose of the Access Fund is to acquire an 
interest in the Underlying Fund, all of the risk factors and disclosures of potential conflicts set forth in the 
Underlying Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the Access Fund. Therefore, 
prospective Investors must also carefully review the Underlying Fund PPM, including the more detailed 
and comprehensive summary of risks related to an investment in the Underlying Fund. 
In addition to the risks and conflicts of interest described in the Underlying Fund PPM, which generally 
apply to the Access Fund and the Interests, Investors should note, among other things, the Access Fund will 
be a newly formed entity (i) that will not be registered under the Investment Company Act, (ii) that will 
issue illiquid securities that are not registered under the Securities Act or any other laws, (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Interests of which will be subject to restrictions on transfer and 
will have no public market, (v) which will not be permitted to make full or partial withdrawals from the 
Underlying Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Fund's governing agreement (except in very 
limited circumstances) and (vi) with respect to which, investors may lose the entire amount of their 
investment. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will realize its rate of return objectives, will 
realize similar returns to past funds or investments sponsored by Glendower or its affiliates or will return 
any investor capital. The returns of the Access Fund will depend almost entirely on the performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will be able to 
implement its investment objective and strategy or avoid substantial losses. Certain ongoing operating 
expenses of the Access Fund, which will be in addition to those expenses borne by the Access Fund as an 
investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g., carried interest, management fees, Underlying Fund expenses, 
organizational expenses and other expenses and liabilities borne by investors in the Underlying Fund), 
generally will be borne by the Access Fund and the Limited Partners, resulting in Investors in the Access 
Fund paying multiple layers of expense that will have a corresponding impact on the returns to the Limited 
Partners. Such additional expenses of the Access Fund will reduce the Access Fund's performance relative 
to the Underlying Fund. Pending investment in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund may invest a portion 
of its assets in short-term interest bearing accounts which would not meet the Underlying Fund's overall 
return objectives. 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and its affiliates. There have been 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039215 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185399 
EFTA01354620

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354621.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354621.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles investing in third-party fluids 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership Agreement will provide %r 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted wider the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fund the Access Fund's indemnity obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be bome by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any of their 
affiliates is providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an 
investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. None of the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager, nor any of their respective affiliates and personnel are required to devote all or any specified 
portion of their time to managing the Access Fund's affairs, or from engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not competitive with the Access Fund. Each prospective investor in the Access 
Fund should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, financial and related risks 
and conflicts concerning an investment in the Access Fund. 
The General Partner cannot currently predict the timing and amounts of the capital contributions that will 
be required to be made by Limited Partners to the Access Fund. Such capital contributions may be called 
on an irregular basis. The General Partner may require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner will provide written 
notice of the exact size and timing of such initial capital contribution, if any, in advance of such Initial 
Closing of the Access Fund. 
Co-Investment Opportunities. The Glendower GP may offer co-investment opportunities with respect to 
certain investments to be made by the Underlying Fund and may allocate any such opportunities among 
interested parties in the Glendower GP's sole discretion. The Access Fund will not participate in co-
investment opportunities, which may result in lower total returns realized by the Access Fund relative to 
other investors in the Underlying Fund who participate in co-investment opportunities. 
Compensation. iCapital Securities, LLC often receives a placement fee as a result of its placement of 
certain investors in certain private investment funds available via the iCapital Network ("iCapital Funds"). 
The prospect of receiving such compensation creates an incentive for iCapital Securities, LLC to place 
investors in the iCapital Funds from which it receives a placement fee or may in the future receive such a 
fee over other investment vehicles from which it does not receive a placement fee. With respect to this 
Access Fund, the Investment Manager will be entitled to receive an ongoing investor servicing fee from 
Glendower for services performed in respect of the Access Fund and its investment in the Underlying Fund 
based on the total capital commitment of the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund. Such fee will result in 
the Investment Manager having additional conflicts of interest with respect to the purchase of Interests by 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039216 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185400 
EFTA01354621

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354622.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354622.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Investors. The General Partner and the Investment Manager will retain and compensate registered 
investment advisers or Placement Agents for the purpose of marketing and selling the Interests. Any such 
arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or a Placement Agent to recommend the 
Interests to investors where they might not otherwise make such recommendation or to recommend the 
Interests to investors over another investment. Certain management persons of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager (or their respective affiliates) are also involved with soliciting investment advisers to 
participate in the iCapital Network and in performing diligence on such investment advisers with which to 
launch access vehicles, such as the Access Fund. Such relationships may create potential conflicts of 
interest. The General Partner and the Investment Manager address these conflicts by providing in their 
Code of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best interests of each investor and by 
providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of interest and how such conflicts are 
resolved under the General Partner and the Investment Manager's policies and procedures. Furthermore, 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based compensation received by the 
General Partner (or its affiliates). 
Other Funds or Managed Account Agreements with Similar Strategies The General Partner and/or 
Glendower may, in each of their sole discretion, manage other funds, and/or enter into management or 
advisor,' agreements with respect to managed accounts or other similar arrangements (collectively, 
"Managed Accounts") that provide an investment strategy and program similar to that of the Underlying 
Fund or conduit fund into such funds. As a result of such other funds and Managed Accounts, certain 
investors with access to investment programs similar to that of the Underlying Fund may receive additional 
benefits (including, but not limited to, reduced fee obligations, the ability to withdraw from a Managed 
Account or other fund on shorter notice and/or expanded informational rights) that Limited Partners in the 
Access Fund will not receive. Neither the Access Fund nor the Underlying Fund will be required to notify 
any or all of the Limited Partners in the Access Fund of any such Managed Account or other funds or any 
of the rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor N% ill the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund be required 
to offer such different rights and/or terms to any or all of the Limited Partners in the Access Fund. The 
General Partner and/or Glendower may enter into such Managed Accounts with any party as it may 
determine in its sole discretion at any time. To the extent that the General Partner or its affiliates invests in 
any Managed Account with a similar strategy or that competes with the Underlying Fund or any investment 
of the Underlying Fund, the General Partner or its affiliates will not be obligated to take into account the 
interests of the Access Fund and may take positions and actions that are potentially contrary or adverse to 
the interests of the Access Fund and the Limited Partners. The Partners will have no recourse against the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, Glendower and/or any of their affiliates with respect to any of the 
foregoing. 
Valuation of the Assets of the Access Fund The Investment Manager will value the securities held by the 
Access Fund. When no market exists, or it is not possible for the Investment Manager to obtain market 
quotations for the securities or investments held by the Access Fund, the Investment Manager will generally 
value such securities and investments in good faith and based on the valuation of such assets received from 
the Underlying Fund, or if the Underlying Fund does not provide the Investment Manager with such a 
valuation, based on other information it considers relevant. Because there is significant uncertainty as to 
the valuation of illiquid investments, the values of such investments may not necessarily reflect the values 
that could actually be realized by the Access Fund. Under certain conditions the Access Fund may be forced 
to sell investments at lower prices than it had expected to realize or defer—potentially for a considerable 
period of time—sales that it had planned to make. In addition, under limited circumstances, the Investment 
Manager may not have access to all material information relevant to a valuation analysis with respect to 
investments. As a result, the valuation of the Access Fund's investments, and as a result the valuation of 
the Interests themselves, may be based on imperfect information and is subject to inherent uncertainties. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039217 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185401 
EFTA01354622

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354623.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354623.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUSi2S Gerald Ford 
Fidelity Relationship The Investment Manager has entered into collaboration and services agreements 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC (collectively, referred to as 
"Fidelity') pursuant to which the Investment Manager compensates Fidelity for providing certain 
administrative services in respect of investors who custody their investment in one or more iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not bear any Fidelity custodial fees 
in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of the Investment Manager, is typically a percentage 
of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital Funds. Further, the Investment Manager's 
affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has committed to an annual marketing spend with Fidelity 
through which it will promote the iCapital network to Fidelity's platform of registered investment advisers 
and brokers. The existence of such compensation arrangements could create a potential conflict of interest. 
Any such compensation arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or any third party registered 
investment adviser or broker to recommend the interests in the iCapital Funds to investors where they might 
not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Educational Program& The Investment Manager may, from time to time, offer (and, under certain 
circumstances, subsidize) certain educational and professional certification programs for financial advisers 
that recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network platform. The provision of such 
programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such programs may incentivize the 
advisers that participate in such programming to recommend iCapital and interests in iCapital Funds over 
a manager or administrative agent who has not provided such educational opportunities. A prospective 
investor should carefully consider such conflict when determining whether to subscribe for interests. 
Default. If a Limited Partner fails to make a required capital contribution to the Access Fund on its due 
date (including, recalls of distributed capital), regardless of the reason (including legal or other prohibitions), 
the General Partner may impose substantial penalties on such Limited Partner and use any available 
remedies to enforce the contribution obligation, including, a total forfeiture of such Limited Partner's 
Interest. If the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its investment in the 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited Partner or otherwise, the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Access Fund, including forfeiture of all, or a 
part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, which will have a material negative impact on the return of 
the Access Fund as a whole (including Limited Partners that have not defaulted on their commitment to the 
Access Fund). 
ERISA. Although the General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts to limit investment in the 
Access Fund by benefit plan investors such that their investment in the Access Fund will not be "significant" 
for purposes of ERISA, there is no assurance that the assets of the Access Fund will not be deemed to be 
"plan assets" under ERISA. If the Access Fund's assets are treated as "plan assets". certain additional 
ERISA issues described under "Certain ERISA Considerations" below should be considered. Accordingly, 
certain transfers of interests in the Access Fund may be prohibited so as to avoid the assets of the Access 
Fund being deemed to be "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA. In addition, the General Partner could 
be required to liquidate Access Fund investments at a disadvantageous time, resulting in lower proceeds to 
the Access Fund than might have been the case without the need for such compliance, to cause certain 
Limited Partners to liquidate their investments in the Access Fund, and/or to take such other actions 
permitted under the Partnership Agreement as it considers necessary for that purpose. Each benefit plan 
investor should consult his or her legal advisor concerning the consequences under ERISA of an investment 
in the Access Fund before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
In addition, the provision of managerial assistance to a portfolio company could result in the Access Fund 
being characterized as a "trade or business" for purposes of ERISA controlled group liability, and, in cases 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039218 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185402 
EFTA01354623

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354624.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354624.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
where the Access Fund has a significant ownership interest (generally 80% or mom) in such portfolio 
company, there is a potential risk that the Access Fund and any portfolio company could be subject to 
controlled group liability under ERISA. These liabilities generally include funding obligations to single-
employer pension plans and withdrawal liability from union-sponsored multiemployer pension plans. In 
July 2013, the U.S. Federal Court of Appeals for the First Circuit held that the portfolio company 
management activities of a private equity fund could cause the fund to be regarded for ERISA controlled 
group liability purposes as engaging in a "trade or business" (the "2013 Sun Capital Case"). Further, in 
March 2016, the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts held that affiliated private equity 
funds investing in the same portfolio company may form a "partnership-in-fact." The District Court found 
that the affiliated funds forming the de facto partnership would be subject to controlled group liability if 
the funds together held 80% or more of the portfolio company in question (together with the 2013 Sun 
Capital Case, the 'Sun Capital Cases"). Although the extent of the impact of the holdings in the Sun 
Capital Cases is unclear, the possibility of trade or business characterization remains a risk for the Access 
Fund and private equity funds generally, especially in the First Circuit. Furthermore, the ownership interest 
of the Access Fund in some or all of its portfolio companies could be sufficient to create a controlled group 
relationship, especially if the ownership interests of related and/or parallel funds arc aggregated when 
applying the controlled group ownership tests. Although many practitioners believe that such aggregation 
should not be required, them is some risk that a court might find otherwise, especially in the District of 
Massachusetts. To the extent relevant, the Access Fund currently intends to take the position that it is not 
engaged in a trade or business for ERISA controlled group liability purposes, that related and/or parallel 
funds will not have formed a de facto partnership and that ownership interests of any such related and/or 
parallel funds arc not to be aggregated when applying the controlled group ownership tests. 
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Limited Partners of the Access Fund will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund and will have no 
standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, Glendower, their respective affiliates or any of their 
respective advisors, officers, directors, employees, partners or members. 
Lack of Transferability or Redemption of Interests. In light of the fact that there are restrictions on 
withdrawals, transfers and redemptions, and the Interests are not registered under the U.S. federal or state 
securities laws or similar laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, an investment in the Access Fund will be an 
illiquid investment. There will not be any market for the Interests. Investments in the Access Fund should 
therefore be considered only by persons financially able to maintain their investment for an extended period 
of time, who can afford a loss of all or a substantial part of their investment and have the financial ability 
to satisfy capital calls. Even if the Access Fund's investment in the Underlying Fund proves successful, it 
is unlikely to produce a realized return to Limited Partners for a period of years. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be voted upon by the investors of 
the Underlying Fund, the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager, and not the Limited Partners. 
will determine how the Access Fund's interest in the Underlying Fund will be voted. In addition, none of 
the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Limited Partners will have an opportunity to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund. 
Investment Concentration. The Access Fund will invest solely in the Underlying Fund (and in co-
investments, if any. with the Underlying Fund or its respective affiliates). Because the sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an interest in the Underlying Fund, all investment risks set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the Access Fund. The Underlying Fund may 
only make a limited number of investments and accordingly a significant portion of the Underlying Fund's 
aggregate commitments may be invested in any one industry, region or country•. As a result, any single loss 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039219 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185403 
EFTA01354624

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354625.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354625.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS12S Gerald Ford 
incurred by the Underlying Fund's investments may have a significant adverse impact on the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund. 
Diverse Partnershiµ Investors in the Access Fund may include U.S. taxable and tax-exempt investors, and 
may include persons or entities organized in various jurisdictions or who otherwise have different 
characteristics or interests. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise in connection with decisions made by 
the Investment Manager that may be more beneficial for one type of investor than for another type of 
investor. In its management of the Access Fund, the Investment Manager will consider the investment 
objectives of the Access Fund as a whole and not the investment objectives of any investor individually. 
Certain Information Regarding the Underlying Fund Will Not be Disclosed to Limited Partners. 
Glendower. the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates will have certain confidential information 
relating to the Underlying Fund and its portfolio that has not and will not be disclosed to the Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund The terms of the Underlying Fund are subject to change. There can be no 
assurances that the partners of the Underlying Fund will not further amend the Underlying Fund's goveming 
agreement. Neither the Access Fund nor the General Partner will have the ability to unilaterally block any 
amendment of the Underlying Fund's governing agreement. None of Glendower. the Underlying Fund or 
the General Partner will have any liability or responsibility to any Limited Partner for any changes to the 
terms of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no obligation to revise or supplement this 
Memorandum, notwithstanding any amendments to the Underlying Fund's governing agreement and 
neither the Underlying Fund nor Glendower is under an obligation to revise or supplement this 
Memorandum or the Underlying Fund PPM. 
Side Letters. The Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its capacity as general partner of the 
Access Fund may enter into other written agreements ("Side Letters") with one or more Limited Partners 
of the Access Fund (and the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP may do the same with respect to limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund). These Side Letters may entitle a Limited Partner to make an investment 
in thc Access Fund on terms other than those described herein, in the Partnership Agreement, and in the 
subscription agreements relating to the purchase of the Interests (each, a -Subscription Agreement"). Any 
such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the Access Fund, (ii) transfers to affiliates, 
(iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, (iv) consent rights to certain Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of Management Fee, or (vi) any other matters, may be more favorable 
than those offered to any other Limited Partners. If the Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the Access Fund enter into a Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to 
withdraw from the Access Fund, any election to withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase any other 
Limited Partners' pro rata Interest. 
The Underlying Fund and/or the Glendower GP may also enter into Side Letters with the limited partners 
of the Underlying Fund (including the Access Fund) entitling certain limited partners to preferential terms 
in connection with their investment in the Underlying Fund. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Underlying Fund PPM or the Underlying Fund LPA, Limited Partners will not be entitled to the benefit 
of any Side Letters, and the Access Fund will not distribute copies of any Side Letters that it receives in its 
capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund to its Limited Partners. 
No Guarantee Qualified Matching Service Will be Available. The Partnership Agreement prohibits 
transfers of Interests without the consent of the General Partner, which may be granted or withheld in the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039220 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165404 
EFTA01354625

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354626.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUSi26 Gerald Ford 
sole discretion of the General Partner (regardless of whether a Qualified Matching Service is available). In 
addition, the constituent documents of the Underlying Fund do not allow for transfers of Interests without 
the prior written consent of the Glendower GP. 
Repayment of Distributions. The Access Fund may be required to repay to the Underlying Fund or to pay 
creditors of the Underlying Fund, as applicable, distributions previously received by it. In addition, the 
Access Fund may be required to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts that are required to be withheld by 
the Underlying Fund for tax purposes. The Access Fund may require Limited Partners to return to the 
Access Fund all or part of any distribution by the Access Fund to the Limited Partners in order to satisfy 
all or any portion of the Access Fund's indemnification and other obligations to the Underlying Fund or 
otherwise. Similarly, Limited Partners may also be required to repay or pay such amount to the Access 
Fund if the Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
Reinvestment. The Glendower GP has the right to recall capital contributions, including, during the 
investment period of the Underlying Fund (the "Investment Period"), capital contributions applied to an 
investment that has been disposed of within 24 months of such investment and following the termination 
of the Investment Period, an amount equal to any and all distributions made to the limited partners for the 
purpose of finding existing obligations to make contributions or advances in respect of investments and 
any follow-on investments. Accordingly, the Access Fund may be required to make capital contributions 
in excess of its commitment, and to the extent such recalled or retained amounts arc reinvested in 
investments, the Access Fund will remain subject to investment and other risks associated with such 
investments. 
Indemnity Obligation. The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager. the administrator and certain of their affiliates and representatives (including any sub-advisor or 
other similar service provider) for liabilities incurred in connection with the affairs of the Access Fund. 
Any such indemnification (and the expenses thereof) will be in addition to the indemnification granted 
under the Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity obligations and any 
indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and the investments of the 
Underlying Fund), including the obligation to return distributions to fund any such Underlying Fund 
indemnification (with the Limited Partners in turn being required to return distributions). The Access 
Fund's indemnification obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be funded by capital calls from 
the Limited Partners or through the return of Distributions previously made to the Limited Partners. A 
Limited Partner's obligation to fund capital calls in respect of the Access Fund's indemnification 
obligations are apart from an Investor's Subscription, and therefore will not be capped. In addition, the 
Access Fund's assets, including any investments held by the Access Fund (including cash or cash 
equivalents), are available to satisfy all liabilities and other obligations of the Access Fund, including 
indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund an indemnification claim will survive the dissolution 
of the Access Fund. 
Multiple Layers of Expenses. The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each have expenses and 
management costs that will be borne, directly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Access Fund) or 
indirectly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Underlying Fund), by the Access Fund. Further, 
distributions from the Underlying Fund to the Access Fund will be subject to the carried interest of the 
Glendower GP. In addition, certain expenses will be apart from a Limited Partner's Subscription. including 
indemnification expenses and certain other required payments, including transfer expenses, interest 
expenses in connection with subsequent closings, certain tax preparation and other expenses attributable to 
specific limited partners. A Limited Partner's obligation to fund these expenses will not be capped. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039221 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185405 
EFTA01354626

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354627.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354627.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Investors in Subsequent Closings Investors subscribing for Interests on a Subsequent Closing may 
participate in existing investments of the Underlying Fund diluting the Interests of the other Investors 
therein. Although such Investors will generally contribute their pro rata share of prior capital calls, there 
can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the Underlying Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests am subscribed for. Furthermore, in the event that an 
investment of the Underlying Fund has been the subject of a disposition prior to the date of any Subsequent 
Closing, Investors at such Subsequent Closing may not be permitted to participate in such investment, as 
dctcnmincd by the Investment Manager. 
Public Disclosure. Some of the Interests may be held by investors, such as public pension plans and listed 
investment vehicles, which am subject to public disclosure requirements. The amount of infomiation about 
their investments that is required to be disclosed has increased in recent years, and that trend may continue. 
To the extent that disclosure of confidential information relating to the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund 
results from interests being held by public investors, the Access Fund may be adversely affected. The 
General Partner may, in order to prevent any such potential disclosure, withhold information otherwise to 
be provided to such public investors. Conversely, potential future regulatory changes applicable to 
investment advisors and/or the accounts they advise could result in the Access Fund becoming subject to 
additional disclosure requirements, the specific nature of which is as yet uncertain. 
Borrowings. The General Partner may choose to commit all of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund, in which case, the General Partner may need to fund 
Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund (to the extent all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions have previously been called) through the distributions received from the Underlying 
Fund (in which case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash to pay taxes 
on such income) or through borrowings. 
The Access Fund may borrow money in an aggregate amount of up to 20% of the total Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund, including pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. Such borrowing 
provides the advantages of leverage. but exposes the Access Fund to capital risk and higher current 
expenses. The Access Fund may provide collateral to the banks from which it borrows by pledging some 
or all of the assets of the Access Fund (the "Access Fund Assets") and/or the Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund. In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the rights to issue drawdown notices 
and to receive capital contributions to a third party. This procedure exposes the Access Fund to the risk that 
for whatever reason, including, the default, insolvency. negligence, misconduct or fraud of such banks, the 
Access Fund will not reacquire the ownership of such Access Fund Assets upon the repayment by the 
Access Fund of such loans. Also, the Access Fund will be unable to reacquire such Access Fund Assets if 
the Access Fund defaults on such loans. The Access Fund's failure or inability to reacquire such Access 
Fund Assets from the banks in whose name the Access Fund Assets am pledged in support of a loan could 
involve the Access Fund in protracted litigation and, potentially, result in the complete loss of such Access 
Fund Assets. While the Investment Manager will cause the Access Fund to borrow money only from banks 
it believes to be creditworthy, there can be no absolute certainty that such banks will return such Access 
Fund Assets to the Access Fund upon the repayment of such loans. 
The Underlying Fund may also borrow funds including pursuant to a credit facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowings may require the Glendower GP or an affiliate to pledge all or a portion of the 
property of the Underlying Fund and/or the commitments to the Underlying Fund (including the Access 
Fund's commitment to the Underlying Fund). The borrowing by the Underlying Fund may make it more 
difficult for the Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. If the Access Fund 
is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any obligations in advance of receipt of amounts from Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039222 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185406 
EFTA01354627

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354628.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354628.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi2S Gerald Ford 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund and may be treated as a defaulting investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA. 
Cash Management; Over-commitment. To help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient amount of the 
Limited Partner's subscriptions arc available to pay expenses of the Access Fund, the General Partner may, 
in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the General Partner is not required to set aside 
any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Underlying 
Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund (i.e., commits an 
amount to the Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the Access Fund, is greater than the 
total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Access Fund) the General Partner may need to 
fund Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the distributions received 
from the Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without 
corresponding cash to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. However, if there is a delay in the 
return of capital, or insufficient capital is returned from the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund is not 
able to borrow sufficient funds, the Access Fund may no longer be able to fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund. 
Lack of Diversification. The Access Fund only intends to invest in the Underlying Fund. Accordingly, 
the assets of the Access Fund are subject to greater risk of loss than if they were more widely diversified. 
Poor performance on the part of the Underlying Fund will cause poor performance of the Access Fund. If 
the Access Fund if not able to raise enough capital, it will also invest less in the Underlying Fund than 
originally contemplated. 
Forward-Looking Statements. Statements contained in this Memorandum that arc not historical facts arc 
based on current expectations, estimates, projections, opinions and/or beliefs of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, 
and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. Moreover, certain information contained in this 
Memorandum constitutes "forward-looking" statements, which often can be identified by the use of 
forward-looking terminology such as "may," -will," "seek," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "project," 
"estimate," "intend?" -continue," - target." "plan," or "believe," or the negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth herein, 
actual events or results or the actual performance of the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund may differ 
materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. 
Disqualification of Certain "Bad Actors" from Rule 506 Offerings. The Interests are offered in reliance 
upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated 
thereunder. The Access Fund would be disqualified from relying on Rule 506 of Regulation D ("Rule 
506") for any offer or sale of Interests if certain "bad actors" are involved in such offering, unless the 
disqualification could not have been identified by the Access Fund in the exercise of reasonable care or has 
been waived by the SEC staff. The Access Fund has implemented certain procedures to prevent any 
"Covered Person" (as defined in Rule 506(d)) subject to a -disqualifying event" (as defined in Rule 
506(d)(1) of Regulation D) from participating in the offering of Interests or investing in the Access Fund. 
Covered Persons include, but arc not limited to, the General Partner, the Placement Agents and beneficial 
owners of 20% or more of the Access Fund's voting equity securities. The General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, involuntarily redeem all or a portion of a Limited Partner's Interest to satisfy the conditions set 
forth in Rule 506. Nevertheless there is a risk that the Access Fund will be required to terminate the offering 
of Interests in the event that an affiliate, Limited Partner holding 20% or more of the Access Fund's voting 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039223 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185407 
EFTA01354628

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354629.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
equity securities, or anyone else who otherwise qualifies as a Covered Person becomes subject to a 
disqualifying event. 
The Access Fund will be required to make representations to the Glendower GP that the Access Fund and 
anyone that is treated as a beneficial owner under Rule 506, has not been subject to a disqualifying event. 
To the extent that any of the foregoing persons is not able to make such representation, or becomes subject 
to a disqualifying event, the Glendower GP may refuse to accept any or all of the Access Fund's 
subscription, or require the Access Fund to provide documentation and information regarding the 
disqualifying event. 
General Legal and Regulatory Risks. Legal and regulatory changes could occur during the term of the 
Access Fund, which may adversely affect the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund and its investments. The 
regulatory• environment for private investment funds of a type similar to the Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund is evolving. In particular, there have been significant movements towards greater governmental 
scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private investment funds industry. It is uncertain as to what form 
and in what jurisdictions such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the private investment funds industry 
may ultimately take. However, increased regulatory oversight may impose administrative burdens on the 
General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower, including, without limitation, responding to 
investigations and implementing new policies and procedures. Such burdens and regulatory scrutiny or 
initiatives may divert the General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower's time, attention and 
resources from portfolio management activities, and may also adversely affect the private investment funds 
industry, including the value or investments of the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund. Furthermore, 
such scrutiny may increase the exposure of the Underlying Fund, Glendower, the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager to potential liabilities and to legal, compliance and other related costs. 
Also, the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-
Frank Act") has resulted in extensive rulemaking and regulatory changes that affect private fund managers, 
the funds that they manage and the financial industry as a whole. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC 
has adopted rules that will require additional reporting by registered investment advisers to private funds, 
which will add costs to the legal, operations and compliance obligations of the Investment Manager, and 
increase the amount of time that the Investment Manager spends on noninvestment-related activities, all of 
which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
The Dodd-Frank Act affects a broad range of financial market intermediaries and other market participants 
with whom the Underlying Fund interacts or may interact. Regulatory changes that will affect other market 
participants are likely to change the way in which the Underlying Fund conducts business with 
counterparties. Parts of the Dodd-Frank Act, such as the 'Volcker Rule," may affect the number and type 
of participants in the markets in which the Underlying Fund may trade. It is difficult to anticipate the impact 
of these and other regulatory changes on the Underlying Fund. Glendower, the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager. It may take years to understand the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on 
the financial industry as a whole, and therefore, the continued uncertainty may make markets more volatile, 
and it may be more difficult for Glendower to execute the investment strategy of the Underlying Fund, all 
of which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
New Market Structure Requirements Applicable to Derivatives. The Dodd-Frank Act enacted, and the 
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") and SEC have issued or proposed rules to 
implement, both broad new regulatory requirements and broad new structural requirements applicable to 
over the counter ("OTC") derivative markets and, to a lesser extent, listed commodity futures (and futures 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039224 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00186408 
EFTA01354629

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354630.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354630.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
options) markets. Similar changes are in the process of being adopted in the European Union. Japan, and 
other major financial markets. 
These changes include, but are not limited to: requirements that many categories of the most liquid OTC 
derivatives (currently limited to specified interest rate swaps and index credit default swaps) be executed 
on qualifying, regulated exchanges and be submitted for clearing; real-time public and regulatory reporting 
of specified information regarding OTC derivative transactions; enhanced documentation requirements; 
margin requirements for uncleared swaps; position limits; and recordkceping requirements. 
While these changes arc intended to mitigate systemic risk and to enhance transparency and execution 
quality in the OTC derivative markets, the impact of these changes is not known at this time. For instance, 
cleared OTC derivatives arc subject to margin requirements established by regulated clearinghouses, 
including daily exchanges of cash variation (or mark-to-market) margin and an upfront posting of cash or 
securities initial margin to cover the clearinghouse's potential future exposure to the default of a party to a 
particular OTC derivative transaction. Furthermore, "financial end users," such as the Underlying Fund, 
that enter into OTC derivatives that are not cleared are generally required to exchange margin to 
collateralize such derivatives. Under the new rules, the level of margin that will be required to be exchanged 
in connection with uncleared derivatives will in many cases be substantially greater than the level currently 
required by market participants or clearinghouses. 
These changes could significantly increase the costs to the Underlying Fund of utilizing OTC derivatives, 
reduce the level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether for risk management or 
investment purposes) through OTC derivatives, and reduce the amounts available to the Underlying Fund 
to make non-derivative investments. These changes could also impair liquidity in certain OTC derivatives 
and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by the Underlying Fund, all of which could 
adversely impact the Underlying Fund's, and as a result the Access Fund's, investment returns. 
Furthermore, the margin requirements for cleared and uncleared OTC derivatives may require that 
Glendower, in order to maintain its exemption from commodity pool operator (-CPO') registration under 
CFTC Rule 4.I3(aX3), limit the Underlying Fund's ability to enter into hedging transactions or to obtain 
synthetic investment exposures, in either case adversely affecting the Underlying Fund's ability to mitigate 
risk. 
Position Limits. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded the scope of the CFTC's authority and 
obligation to require reporting of, and adopt limits on, the size of positions that market participants may 
own or control in commodity futures and futures options contracts and swaps. The Dodd-Frank Act also 
narrowed existing exemptions from such position limits for a broad range of risk management transactions. 
In accordance with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC is required to establish, and the 
CFTC has proposed but not yet adopted, additional speculative position limits on additional listed futures 
and options on physical commodities and economically equivalent OTC derivatives; position limits 
applicable to swaps that are economically equivalent to United States listed futures and futures options 
contracts, including contracts on non-physical commodities, such as rates, currencies, equities and credit 
default swaps; and aggregate position limits for a broad range of derivatives contracts based on the same 
underlying commodity, including swaps and futures and futures options contracts. A person (including 
Glendower, the General Partner and the Investment Manager) is generally required to aggregate positions 
it owns or controls (including held indirectly through entities in which a person has a 10% or greater 
ownership interest) for purposes of current and proposed position limits, subject to certain exemptions for, 
among other things, independently traded positions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039225 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185409 
EFTA01354630

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354631.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354631.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOGS725Gereld Ford 
The full impact of these recent changes is not known at this time. Individually and collectively, current and 
proposed position limits and associated aggregation requirements could increase the costs to the Underlying 
Fund of maintaining positions in commodity futures and futures option contracts and swaps, and reduce the 
level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether for risk management or investment 
purposes) through commodity futures and futures option contracts and swaps. These requirements could 
also impair liquidity in certain swaps and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by the 
Underl ins Fund, all of which could adversely impact the Underlying Fund's investment returns. 
Access Fund Counsel. Cleary• Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP currently serves as U.S. counsel for the 
Access Fund. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP renders legal services to the Investment Manager and 
the General Partner and does not represent the interests of any Limited Partners in the Access Fund. Maples 
and Calder currently serves as Cayman Islands counsel for the Investment Manager and the General Partner. 
Maples and Calder renders legal services to the Investment Manager and the General Partner and does not 
represent the interests of any Limited Partners in the Access Fund. No independent counsel has been 
retained to act for prospective investors. Prospective investors should seek their own legal, tax and financial 
advice before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Recent Changes in U.S. Tax Law. New legislation known as An Act to provide for reconciliation 
pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018" (the -2017 Tax 
Legislation") was enacted on December 22, 2017. 
The 2017 Tax Legislation could have a significant impact on the taxation of a Limited Partner's 
investment in the Access Fund and in the Access Fund's investment in the Underlying Fund. Changes 
include, among other things, (i) limitations on the deductibility of net interest expense. (ii) changes in the 
corporate tax rate, (iii) an expansion of the definition of controlled foreign corporation and a deemed 
repatriation of deferred earnings of a 10%-owned foreign corporation, each of which may result in 
phantom income for Limited Partners that are U.S. taxable persons, (iv) changes to the taxation of income 
derived outside the United States and (v) immediate expensing of expenditures for certain tangible 
property, all of which could affect the tax liability of the entities in which the Underlying Fund invests, as 
well as any returns attributable thereto. In addition, changes that could affect a particular Limited 
Partner's investment in the Access Fund include (i) limitations on the deductibility of state and local 
income taxes, (ii) the suspension of the deduction for investment expenses and all miscellaneous itemized 
deductions; (iii) a reduced tax rate for certain partnership income, not including capital gains, qualified 
dividends or most interest income and (iv) changes in the tax treatment of a disposition of an interest in 
the Access Fund so that gain or loss from such disposition by a non-U.S. partner is treated as effectively 
connected income to the extent a sale of the underlying partnership assets would have resulted in income 
effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business, and a potential withholding tax on any disposition of 
such a partnership interest. Finally, the 2017 Tax Legislation increased the holding period required in 
order for professionals to treat carried interest as capital gain, which may increase the amount of taxes 
such professionals would be required to pay with respect to their carried interest in the case of amounts 
realized on investments held for three years or less. 
Such changes, together with the 2017 Tax Legislation's potential effect on the economy more generally, 
could have a substantial and possibly adverse effect on investment valuations and the after-tax returns of 
the Access Fund. In particular, the 2017 Tax Legislation may have a significant impact on the profitability 
and financial condition of entities in which the Underlying Fund invests. If so, this could have an impact 
on the returns of the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund. The reforms may also affect the competitive 
landscape of the private funds sector. At this time, it is not possible to predict the full effect of this 
legislation on the Underlying Fund, its potential investments, or the Access Fund. Prospective investors 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039226 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185410 
EFTA01354631

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354632.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354632.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS126 Gerald Ford 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding the implications of the 2017 Tax Legislation and other 
potential changes in tax laws, including in light of their own particular circumstances. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Limited Partners may be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Limited Partner will be furnished information on an IRS 
Form 1065 Schedule K-1 for preparation of such Limited Partner's individual U.S. federal income tax 
return. The furnishing of such information is subject to. among other things, the timely receipt by the 
Access Fund of information from the Underlying Fund. 
Taxes in Excess of Distributions; "Phantom" or "Dry" Income. A Limited Partner will be taxed on its 
share of taxable income from the Access Fund, regardless of whether the Access Fund makes any 
distributions. Such taxable income is commonly referred to as "phantom" or -dry" income. Moreover. 
Limited Partners may be allocated taxable income from the Access Fund for a tax year, even though they 
only receive distributions in such tax year intended to be treated as a return of capital. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors (including IRAs) should expect to recognize 
UBTI from the Access Fund, which will create a requirement to make tax filings and pay taxes. 
Non-US Investors and ECI, US Federal Income Tax Withholding and Branch Profits Taxes. Non-
U.S. investors should expect to recognize ECI through the Access Fund. Non-U.S. investors also should 
expect to be subject to U.S. federal income tax withholding, and may be subject to the U.S. branch profits 
tax, on their shares of income from the Access Fund. 
FATCA. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") requires all entities in a broadly defmed 
class of foreign financial institutions ("FFIs') to comply with a complicated and expansive reporting 
regime or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on certain U.S. payments (and beginning 
in 2019, 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on gross proceeds from the sale of U.S. stocks and 
securities) and requires non-U.S. entities that are not FFIs to either certify they have no substantial U.S. 
beneficial ownership or to report certain information with respect to their substantial U.S. beneficial 
ownership or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on certain U.S. payments (and 
beginning in 2019, a 30% U.S. withholding tax on gross proceeds front the sale of U.S. stocks and 
securities). FATCA also contains complex provisions requiring participating FFIs to withhold on certain 
"foreign pass thru payments" made to nonparticipating FFIs and to holders that fail to provide the required 
information. The definition of a "foreign pass thru payment" is still reserved under the current regulations; 
however, the term generally refers to payments that are from non-U.S. sources but that are "attributable to" 
certain U.S. payments and gross proceeds as described above. Withholding on these payments is not set to 
apply until 2019. The Access Fund may invest in FFIs through the Underlying Fund. The reporting 
obligations imposed under FATCA require FFIs to enter into agreements with the IRS to obtain and disclose 
information about certain investors to the IRS or, if subject to an Intergovernmental Agreement (an IGA"), 
register with the IRS. IGAs are generally intended to result in the automatic exchange of tax information 
through reporting by an FFI to the government or tax authorities of the country in which such FF1 is 
domiciled, followed by the automatic exchange of the reported information with the IRS. These reporting 
requirements may apply to underlying entities in which the Access Fund is deemed to invest and the Access 
Fund will not have control over whether such entities comply with the reporting regime. Any amounts 
withheld pursuant to FATCA that arc allocable to a Limited Partner may, in accordance with the Partnership 
Agreement, be deemed to have been distributed to such Limited Partner to the extent the taxes reduce the 
amount otherwise distributable to such Limited Partner. Prospective investors should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding all aspects of FATCA as it affects their particular circumstances. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039227 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00166411 
EFTA01354632

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354633.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Partnership Audit Legislation. Under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, legislation was enacted that 
significantly changes the rules for U.S. federal income tax audits of partnerships (the "BBA Rules"). Such 
audits will continue to be conducted at the partnership level, but with respect to U.S. federal income tax 
returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and, unless a partnership qualifies for and 
affirmatively elects an alternative procedure, any adjustments to the amount of tax due (including interest 
and penalties) will be payable by the partnership. Under the elective alternative procedure, a partnership 
would issue information returns to persons who were partners in the audited year, who would then be 
required to take the adjustments into account in calculating their own tax liability, and the partnership 
would not be liable for the adjustments. If the Access Fund does not or is not able to make such an 
election, then (I) the then current Partners of the Access Fund, in the aggregate, could indirectly bear 
income tax liabilities in excess of the aggregate amount of taxes that would have been due had the Access 
Fund elected the alternative procedure, and (2) a given Partner may indirectly bear taxes attributable to 
income allocable to other Partners or former Partners, including taxes (as well as interest and penalties) 
with respect to periods prior to such Partner's ownership of Interests. Amounts available for distribution 
to the Partners may be reduced as result of the Access Fund's obligations to pay any taxes associated with 
an adjustment. While we cannot provide any assurance, the General Partner generally intends to seek to 
ensure that the BBA Rules do not materially modify the current allocation of tax costs among Partners. 
Under the Partnership Agreement, current and former Partners may be required to indemnify the Access 
Fund for any tax costs that are allocable to them. In addition, if any taxes (including any interest and 
penalties) are borne directly by a "tax partnership" in which the Access Fund invests (directly or 
indirectly), the General Partner generally intends to appropriately allocate the burden of such taxes among 
the Partners and any former Partners. We cannot provide assurance that the Access Fund will be eligible 
to make an election under the alternative procedure or that it will, in fact, make such an election for any 
given adjustment. Furthermore, the Underlying Fund must comply with the BBA Rules as well, and 
therefore the Limited Partners may indirectly suffer adverse consequences as a result. Many issues and 
the overall effect of the BBA Rules on the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund are uncertain, and 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding all aspects of this legislation as it 
affects their particular circumstances. 
Other Tax Risks. An investment in the Access Fund involves complex U.S. federal, state and local and 
foreign income tax considerations that will differ for each Limited Partner. Prospective Limited Partners 
are advised to seek the advice of a qualified expert on matters of U.S. federal, state and local and foreign 
taxation of the Access Fund and ownership of the Interests. In judging whether to invest in the Access 
Fund, a prospective Limited Partner should consider the tax consequences thereof which include, but are 
not limited to: 
• 
the possibility of adverse changes in applicable tax laws; 
• 
the possibility that a Limited Partner may be required to file tax returns and pay tax in jurisdictions 
in which the Access Fund's Assets are deemed to be located and where the Access Fund is 
considered to be conducting business; 
• 
the possibility that the Interests could decline in value with a Limited Partner realizing a capital 
loss if the Access Fund is liquidated or the Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, with limitations 
on the deductibility of any such capital loss; 
• 
the possibility of substantial taxation of the Access Fund or Limited Partners, including imposition 
of state, local and foreign taxes (including withholding taxes), alternative minimum taxes and the 
net investment income tax; and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039228 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185412 
EFTA01354633

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354634.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS12S Gerald Ford 
• 
the possibility that the allocations of the Access Fund's income, gain, loss and deduction to the 
Limited Partners will not be respected. 
It is possible that an audit of the Access Fund's (or the Underlying Fund's) income tax returns by the IRS 
or other tax authority, if conducted, may result in a material increase in taxable income (or a decreased loss) 
to a Limited Partner than what was initially reported to the Limited Partner by the Access Fund. Such an 
audit may also result in an audit of a Limited Partner's personal income tax returns. Limited Partners will 
not be indemnified for any taxes, penalties and interest that arise in connection with any audit. A Limited 
Partner must report each Access Fund item of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes consistent with such item's treatment on the Access Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns. 
In the event of an audit, the tax treatment of all Access Fund items may be determined at the Access Fund 
level in a single proceeding rather than in separate proceedings with each Limited Partner. The General 
Partner will take primary responsibility for contesting U.S. federal income tax adjustments proposed by the 
IRS, to extend the statute of limitations as to all investors and, in certain circumstances, the General Partner 
may be able to bind investors to a settlement with the IRS. Each Limited Partner's participation in 
administrative or judicial proceedings relating to the Access Fund items would be restricted. 
See Section IV, "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" for a more detailed discussion of the 
significant tax considerations relevant to an investment in an Interest. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039229 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185413 
EFTA01354634

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354635.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354635.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSi2S Gerald Ford 
IV. 
TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following discussion is a brief summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be 
applicable to an investment in the Access Fund. This discussion is based upon the Code, existing U.S. 
Treasury Regulations, and judicial decisions and administrative interpretations thereunder, all as of the date 
of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect, or are subject to 
different interpretations. We cannot assure you that the IRS will not take a different position regarding one 
or more of the tax considerations described below. We have not obtained and do not intend to obtain a 
ruling from the IRS or an opinion of counsel with respect to the U.S. federal tax considerations resulting 
from acquiring, holding or disposing of the Limited Partnership Interests. 
This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be important to a 
particular Limited Partner in light of the Limited Partner's circumstances or to certain categories of Limited 
Partners that may be subject to special rules (such as financial institutions, insurance companies, dealers in 
securities. U.S. expatriates, Limited Partners whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, or persons 
who hold the Interests as part of a hedge, conversion transaction, straddle or other risk reduction transaction 
or otherwise as part of a "synthetic asset"). This discussion is limited to beneficial owners who purchase 
the Interests for cash at original issuance from the Access Fund. This discussion also does not address the 
tax considerations arising under the laws of any foreign, state or local jurisdiction or the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences to tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons of an investment in the Access Fund. In 
addition, this discussion should be read in conjunction with the discussion of tax considerations contained 
in the Underlying Fund PPM, as the tax consequences described therein could have a material impact on 
Limited Partners and their investment in the Access Fund. 
The U.S. federal income tax considerations discussed in this summary art applicable to Limited Partners 
who or that are U.S. persons. Limited Partners who are not U.S. persons should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding the United States income tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund. For 
purposes of this summary, a 
person" generally is Sr U.S. federal income tax purposes (I) an 
individual citizen or resident of the United States; (2) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any 
state thereof or the District of Columbia; (3) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income 
taxation regardless of its source; or (4) a trust which either (i) is subject to the primary supervision of a 
court within the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust or (ii) has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be 
treated as a U.S. person. If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds the 
Interests, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the partnership and an equity holder of the partnership 
generally depends upon the status of the equity holder and the activities of the partnership. If you are an 
equity holder in such a partnership holding the Interests, you should consult your own tax advisors. 
This summary is based on the assumptions that each Limited Partner (i) will provide all appropriate 
certifications to the Access Fund in a timely fashion to minimize withholding, including backup 
withholding and withholding under FATCA, on its distributive share of the Access Fund's income; (ii) will 
hold its Interests as a capital asset for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and (iii) holds its Interests for its 
own account and not as an agent or nominee for another person. Each prospective Limited Partner should 
also note that this summary does not address the interaction of U.S. federal tax laws and any income or 
estate tax treaties between the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039230 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185414 
EFTA01354635

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354636.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354636.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
No assurance can be given that the IRS will concur with the tax consequences set forth below. Each 
prospective investor is advised to consult its own tax and financial advisors as to the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund and as to applicable state, local, estate, foreign or 
other tax laws. 
THIS SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO BE, AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS, 
LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE TO ANY PROSPECTIVE LIMITED PARTNER. PROSPECTIVE 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT 
TO THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES AND ANY OTHER POTENTIAL 
TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCALITY OR OTHER 
RELEVANT TAXING JURISDICTION ARISING FROM THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR 
DISPOSAL OF INTERESTS. 
Status for U.S, Federal Income Tax Purposes. It is expected that the Access Fund and the Underlying 
Fund (together, the "Funds") each will be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
As a partnership, a Fund generally will not be responsible for the payment of any U.S. federal income taxes 
associated with its operations (although it may be required to withhold or pay taxes under the BBA Rules 
or on behalf of its partners in certain circumstances). Instead, the taxable income or loss of a Fund for a 
taxable year (including the Access Fund's share of such items from the Underlying Fund) will pass through 
and be included in the computation of the taxable income and loss of the Limited Partners (subject to the 
limitations discussed below) regardless of whether a Fund distributes any amounts to its partners. 
Accordingly, it is possible that a Limited Partner will have a greater amount of taxable income allocable to 
it from the Access Fund for a taxable year than the amount of cash distributed to it from the Access Fund 
and may be required to pay taxes on its share of the Access Fund's taxable income using cash from other 
sources. 
A Fund could fail to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes in future years as a result 
of a variety of developments including, (i) modifications of the law governing the classification of entities 
as partnerships and (ii) characterization of a Fund as a "publicly traded partnership" as a result of the volume 
and nature of contributions of capital and redemptions and transfers of partnership interests. Failure to 
qualify as a partnership generally would result in a Fund's treatment as a corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. As a corporation, a Fund would generally be subject to an entity-level U.S. federal 
income tax, and all or a portion of its distributions (other than upon liquidation of a Fund or a partner's 
interests in the Fund) could be characterized as dividends. If a Fund was treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," then it would be taxable as a corporation unless 90% or more of its gross income for each 
taxable year consisted of "qualifying income" including interest, dividends and gain from the sale of capital 
assets. If a Fund is mated as a "publicly traded partnership," we cannot assure you that the Fund would 
meet this 90% test. Thus, if a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded partnership," it may qualify as a 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In addition, while we expect that the Underlying Fund will qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as well, we can provide no assurance to this effect. Assuming the Underlying Fund is so 
treated, the Access Fund generally will be deemed to realize its pro rata sham of income, gain, deduction 
or loss realized by the Underlying Fund for such purposes. If instead the Underlying Fund was treated as 
a corporation for such purposes, each Limited Partner will bear its pro rata share of corporate taxes borne 
by the Underlying Fund. 
The following discussion assumes each Fund will qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039231 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185415 
EFTA01354636

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354637.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354637.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, REFERENCES IN THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACCESS FUND'S INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, 
INCOME, GAIN AND LOSS INCLUDE INDIRECT INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, INCOME, 
GAIN AND LOSS OF THE ACCESS FUND AS A RESULT OF THE ACCESS FUND'S STATUS 
AS A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE UNDERLYING FUND. 
Limited Partner's Tax Basis in its Interests. A Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests would include 
the amount of money and/or the tax basis of property (if any) that the Limited Partner contributes to the 
Access Fund, increased principally by the Limited Partner's distributive share of any Access Fund income 
and certain Access Fund liabilities (if any), and decreased, but not below zero, principally by (i) the amount 
of cash distributions from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner and the adjusted tax basis of any 
distributions in-kind from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner, (ii) the amount of the Limited Partner's 
distributive sham of the Access Fund's losses and (iii) the Limited Partner's sham of a reduction in certain 
Access Fund liabilities, if any. We can provide no assurance with respect to the amount of Fund liabilities 
that would be allocated to any Limited Partner for this purpose. 
Distributions. A cash distribution to a Limited Partner generally will be taxable only to the extent that it 
exceeds the Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests. The amount of the distribution, if any, that is in 
excess of tax basis will be considered to be gain from the sale of the Interests and generally taxable as a 
capital gain except to the extent attributable to certain ordinary income items of the Access Fund. Subject 
to certain exceptions, a Limited Partner generally would recognize loss with respect to its Interests only 
upon the receipt of a distribution consisting solely of cash in an amount that was less than the Limited 
Partner's tax basis in its Interests and which occurred in connection with a complete liquidation of the 
Limited Partner's Interests. 
Distributions of property other than cash, whether in complete or partial liquidation of a Limited Partner's 
Interests, generally would not result in the recognition of taxable income or loss to the Limited Partner 
(except to the extent such distribution is treated as made in exchange for such Limited Partner's share of 
the Access Fund's unrealized receivables). However, that gain generally must be recognized by a Limited 
Partner where the distribution consists of marketable securities unless the distributing partnership is an 
"investment partnership" and the recipient is an "eligible partner," both as defined in Section 731(c) of the 
Code. Each Fund will determine at the appropriate time whether it qualifies as an "investment partnership." 
Assuming it so qualifies, if a partner is an "eligible partner," which term should include a Limited Partner 
whose contributions to the Fund consisted solely of cash, the non-recognition rule described herein should 
apply. 
Allocations of Income and Loss to Limited Partners. Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, items of the 
Access Fund's income gain, loss and deduction are allocated so as to take into account the varying interests 
of the Partners in the Access Fund. U.S. Treasury Regulations provide that allocations of items of 
partnership income, gain, loss, deduction or credit will be respected for tax purposes if such allocations 
have "substantial economic effect" or are determined to be in accordance with the partners' interests in a 
partnership. The Access Fund believes that. for U.S. federal income tax purposes, allocations pursuant to 
the Partnership Agreement should be given effect, and the General Partner intends to prepare the Access 
Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns based on such allocations. We can provide no assurance that a 
Fund's allocations will be respected. If a Fund's allocations are successfully challenged and re-determined 
by the IRS, such redetermination could be less favorable than the allocations set forth in the applicable 
limited partnership agreement. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039232 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185418 
EFTA01354637

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354638.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354638.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS126 Gerald Ford 
Sale of Interests. A Limited Partner generally will recognize capital gain or loss on the sale of Interests, 
except for any gain attributable to unrealized receivables or inventory• items (which arc broadly defined for 
this purpose) held by the Access Fund at the time of the sale. The difference between the amount realized 
upon a sale of Interests and the Limited Partner's adjusted tax basis in the Interests would determine the 
amount of gain or loss recognized. For this purpose, the amount realized would include the Limited 
Partner's share of any Access Fund liabilities, as discussed above. 
In general, the sale of Interests by a Limited Partner will not affect the Access Fund's ongoing operations. 
If, however. Interests representing 50% or more of the Access Fund were to be sold within a twelve-month 
period, then the Access Fund would terminate for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Partnership 
Agreement generally prohibits transfers of Interests without the consent of the General Partner. 
Tax Basis Adjustments. The Partnership Agreement does not require the General Partner to make an 
election under Section 754 of the Code to adjust the tax basis of its assets upon the sale or other disposition 
of Interests or upon the distribution to Partners of cash or assets in-kind, nor does it prohibit the General 
Partner from doing so. Any such election, once made. cannot be revoked without the IRS' consent. The 
actual effect of any such election may depend upon whether the Underlying Fund also makes such an 
election. As a result of the complexity and added expense of the tax accounting required to implement such 
an election, the General Partner presently does not intend to make such an election. If the Access Fund 
makes the election or otherwise must make an adjustment to the tax bases on in its assets, any transferee of 
Interests must reimburse the Fund its costs incurred to make any tax basis adjustments required pursuant to 
the election. 
A Fund generally would be required to adjust the tax basis of its assets in the same manner as if a 
Section 754 election were in effect upon (i) transfers of interests in that Fund at a time when the adjusted 
tax basis of its assets exceeds their fair market value by more than $250,000 and (ii) distributions of cash 
or property to a partner that would have produced a downward adjustment in the tax basis of the assets of 
the Fund of more than $250,000 had a Section 754 election been in effect. In lieu of the adjustment 
described in clause (i) of the preceding sentence, if a Fund qualifies to make an election to be an "electing 
investment partnership," as defined in Section 743 of the Code, the Fund could elect to preclude the 
transferee of the Fund's interests from deducting its allocable share of any loss realized by the Fund on the 
sale or exchange of the Fund's assets to the extent the transferor Partner realized a loss on the original 
transfer of its interests in such Fund. Each Fund would determine at the appropriate time whether it qualifies 
to make an election to be an "electing investment partnership," and we can be no assurance that it would so 
qualify. In addition, because of the limited relief provided by such election and the complexity required to 
determine the amount of loss that the transferee partner could not deduct, even if the corresponding Fund 
so qualifies, such Fund may determine that such election should not be made. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Interest Expense. For non-corporate taxpayers, Section 163(d) of the Code 
limits the deduction for "investment interest" (i.e., interest or short sale expenses for "indebtedness properly 
allocable to property held for investment"). Investment interest is not deductible in the current year to the 
extent that it exceeds the taxpayer's "investment income," consisting of net gain and ordinary income 
derived from investments in the current year. Long-term capital gain is excluded from investment income 
for this purpose unless the taxpayer elects to pay tax on such amount at ordinary income tax rates. The 
deduction for any investment interest that is disallowed under Section 163(d) of the Code for any year may 
generally be carried forward and used in subsequent years, subject to the limitations of Section I63(d) in 
the subsequent years. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
:(9 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039233 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185417 
EFTA01354638

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354639.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS125 Gerald Ford 
For purposes of this provision, income of the Access Fund may be treated as investment income, and the 
investment interest limitation may apply to a non-corporate Limited Partner's share of any interest expense 
attributable to the Access Fund's operations. In such case, a non-corporate Limited Partner could be denied 
a deduction for all or part of that portion of its distributive share of the Access Fund's ordinary losses 
attributable to interest expenses. The investment interest limitation may also apply to interest paid by a 
non-corporate Limited Partner on money borrowed to finance its investment in the Access Fund. 
Prospective Limited Partners are advised to consult with their own tax advisors with respect to the 
application of the investment interest limitation in their particular tax situations. 
Application of Rules for Income and Losses from Passive Activities. The Code restricts the deductibility 
of losses from a "passive activity" against certain income that is not derived from a passive activity. This 
restriction applies to individuals, certain trusts, estates, personal service corporations and certain closely 
held corporations. Depending on the nature of the investments of a Fund, losses flowing through the Access 
Fund to Limited Partners may be subject to these passive activity, loss limitation rules. 
At-Risk Limitations A Limited Partner that is subject to the "at-risk limitations" (generally, non-corporate 
taxpayers and closely held corporations) may not deduct losses of the Access Fund to the extent that they 
exceed the amount such Limited Partner has -at risk" with respect to its Interests at the end of the year. 
Generally, a Limited Partner's investment in the Access Fund would be considered "at risk" to the extent it 
is made with cash, with property, or with the proceeds of a loan for which the Limited Partner is personally 
liable or which is secured by personal assets other than an interest in the Access Fund (to the extent of the 
net fair market value of the Limited Partner's interest in those assets). Such amount will be increased by 
the Limited Partner's share of subsequent income of the Access Fund and contributions to the Access Fund 
and decreased by the Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's losses and distributions (including 
withdrawal distributions). Deductions or losses of the Access Fund previously disallowed under the at-risk 
rules may be used to offset gain on the Limited Partner's sale or exchange of its Interests, including any 
amounts treated as gain in connection with a distribution in excess of the Limited Partner's tax basis in its 
Interests. If the amount that a Limited Partner is considered to have at risk in the Access Fund falls below 
zero (e.g., because of a distribution to the Limited Partner), the difference between the at-risk amount and 
zero may be included in income to the extent that losses of the Access Fund were previously deducted by 
that Limited Partner, and the amount so included in income will be treated as a deduction generated by the 
Access Fund in the following taxable year. 
Deductibility of Access Fund Expenses by Non-Corporate Limited Partners. Prospective investors who 
are individuals or certain closely held corporations should be aware that they could be subject to various 
limitations on their ability to use their allocable sham of deductions and losses of the Partnership against 
other income. 
For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January I, 2026, non-corporate taxpayers 
will be unable to take any deductions relating to -investment interest" and "miscellaneous itemized 
investment expenses." For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025, such deductions will be 
available to non-corporate taxpayers. subject to certain limitations. 
The consequences of the investment expense limitations will vary depending upon the particular tax 
situation of each taxpayer. Accordingly, non-corporate Limited Partners should consult their own tax 
advisors with respect to the application of these limitations. 
A Limited Partner will not be permitted to deduct syndication expenses and other expenses associated with 
the purchase of Interests, including placement fees. paid by such Limited Partner or the Access Fund. Any 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039234 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185418 
EFTA01354639

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354640.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354640.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
such amounts paid by a Limited Partner will be included in the adjusted tax basis of its Interests. Start-up 
and organizational expenses are generally amortized for U.S. federal income tax purposes over a fifteen 
(15) year period. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Capital Losses. Capital losses generally may be deducted only to the extent 
of capital gains, except for non-corporate taxpayers who are allowed to deduct $3,000 of capital losses per 
year against ordinary income without regard to capital gains. Corporate taxpayers may carry back unused 
capital losses for three years and may carry forward such losses %r five years; non-corporate taxpayers may 
carry forward unused capital losses indefinitely. 
Tar Treatment of Investments. In general and except as discussed below, the Access Fund expects that its 
gains will be treated as capital gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Capital gain on assets held for 
more than one year generally qualify as long-term capital gain. 
The Access Fund will recognize ordinary income from the interest income and fees it receives from lending 
money. Any gain or loss realized on the disposition of debt investments may, depending upon the 
circumstances of the holder at the time of any such sale, be treated as ordinary or capital. The actual 
character of the Access Fund's gain or loss on the disposition of loans will depend on several considerations, 
including whether the holder is treated as a trader or investor, on the one hand, or a dealer, on the other 
hand. A trader and an investor arc persons who buy and sell securities for their own accounts. A dealer, in 
contrast, is a person who engages in transactions with "customers" rather than for investment or speculation. 
If the IRS were to characterize any part of a Fund's activities as those of a dealer, such Fund's gain or loss 
on any -dealer property would be ordinary income or loss. 
The Access Fund expects to recognize ordinary income from accruals of interest on debt investments. The 
Access Fund may be deemed to hold debt investments with original issue discount (*OID"), which for this 
purpose includes -payments-in-kind," or PIK, interest. In such case, the Access Fund would be required to 
include amounts in taxable income on a current basis even though receipt of such amounts may occur in a 
subsequent year. The Access Fund may also be deemed to hold loans with "market discount." Upon 
disposition of such an obligation, the Access Fund generally would be required to treat gain recognized as 
ordinary income to the extent of the market discount that accrued during the period the debt obligation was 
held by the Access Fund. Elections also may be made where market discount is included in income by the 
holder during the tenn of ownership. 
In addition, the Access Fund may be deemed to hold "contingent payment debt instruments." In general, 
all of the Access Fund's income and gains on a contingent payment debt instrument will be ordinary income, 
including gain on the sale of exchange of a contingent payment debt instrument, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund holds the instrument as a capital asset. Furthermore, all of the interest income on a contingent 
payment debt instrument will be treated as OID, regardless of whether the instrument has regular coupons. 
We cannot predict what portion of the Access Fund's portfolio would consist of contingent payment debt 
instruments. 
Furthermore, there arc a number of uncertainties in the U.S. federal income tax law relating to debt 
restructuring. In general. a "significant modification" of a debt obligation acquired by the Access Fund at 
a discount is treated as a taxable event to the Access Fund, with the resulting gain or loss measured by the 
difference between the principal amount of the debt after the modification and the Access Fund's tax basis 
in such debt before the modification. However, other than for certain "safe harbor" modifications specified 
in U.S. Treasury Regulations, the determination of whether a modification is "significant" is based on all 
of the facts and circumstances. Therefore, it is possible that the IRS could take the position that the 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039235 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185419 
EFTA01354640

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354641.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354641.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
restructuring of a debt obligation acquired by the Access Fund at a discount amounts to a "significant 
modification" that should be treated as a taxable event even if the Access Fund did not so treat the 
restructuring on its U.S. federal income tax return. 
Furthermore, the Access Fund may be deemed to invest in derivatives with complex or uncertain U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to Limited Partners. 
In addition, the Access Fund may invest in any entity treated as partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, and the Access Fund's U.S. federal income tax consequences will depend on the nature of the 
investments and activities of such entity. 
Furthermore, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January I, 2026, non-
corporate taxpayers generally will be allowed a deduction in an amount equal to 20% of the domestic 
"qualified business income" they received through a partnership. Qualified business income generally does 
not include investment income or income from services businesses, including investment management 
businesses, and therefore the 20% deduction is unlikely to be available in respect of income allocable to a 
Limited Partner from its investment in the Access Fund. 
Finally, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors (as defined herein) should be aware that certain investments of the 
Access Fund may cause them to have material amounts of UBTI, which is subject to federal income taxation 
and may be subject to state and local taxation as well. See discussion below under 'Tax-Exempt Investors." 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of these rules to their 
investment in the Access Fund. 
Work-Outs. It is possible that a company in which the Access Fund invests will face financial difficulty, 
requiring the holder to work-out or otherwise restructure its investment in the company. It is not possible 
to predict the terms of any such restructuring and accordingly any such restructuring could give rise to 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to the Access Fund (and therefore the Limited Partners). 
Passive Foreign Investment Companies. The Access Fund may invest in a non-U.S. corporation that is 
classified as a "passive foreign investment company" ("HIC"), which would cause Limited Partners to be 
subject to taxation under Sections 1291 through 1298 of the Code. In general, a non-U.S. corporation is 
classified as a PFIC if (i) 75% or more of its gross income constitutes -passive income" (generally, interest. 
dividends, royalties, rent and similar income, and gains on disposition of assets that generate such income), 
or (ii) 50% or more of its assets produce passive income or are held for the production of such income. 
If the Access Fund invests in a company that is classified as a PFIC, the Limited Partners may be subject 
to increased tax liability upon the Access Fund's disposition of that company's stock or upon the receipt of 
certain distributions. In certain cases, a Fund may be able to make an election to have an alternative tax 
treatment apply with respect to a PFIC. 
We cannot predict at this time whether any company in which the Access Fund invests may be subject to 
the PFIC regime, nor can it predict the effect of any applicable elections which may be made by a Fund. 
The application of the PFIC rules to the Access Fund and its Limited Partners is complex. Limited Partners 
should consult their own tax advisors about the applicability and U.S. federal income tax consequences of 
the PFIC rules to their investment in the Access Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039236 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185420 
EFTA01354641

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354642.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354642.pdf
----------------------------------------
GUDUSi2S Gerald Ford 
Controlled Foreign Corporations. Special rules apply to U.S. persons who own, directly or indirectly and 
applying certain attribution rules, 10% or more of the total combined voting power or total value of all 
classes of stock of a non-U.S. corporation (each, a "United States Shareholder") that is a "controlled 
foreign corporation" ("CFC'). 
A non-U.S. corporation generally will be a CFC if United States 
Shareholders collectively own more than 50% of the total combined voting power or total value of the 
corporation's stock on any day during any taxable year. 
If the Access Fund invests in a CFC and is a United States Shareholder, its Limited Partners who are U.S. 
persons will be subject to tax under the CFC rules. As a result, each such Limited Partner must include in 
its gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes its distributive sham of certain earnings and profits 
of the CFC. In addition, under Section 1248 of the Code, each such Limited Partner must treat a portion of 
its distributive share of any gain realized by the Access Fund upon disposition of the stock of the CFC as 
dividend income to the extent of certain earnings and profits of the CFC attributable to such stock. Further, 
if a Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, the Limited Partner may be required to recognize ordinary 
income under Section 751 of the Code equal to its distributive share of any Section 1248 income that would 
have been triggered if the Access Fund had sold its interest in the CFC at fair market value. 
Moreover, under the 2017 Tax Legislation, the deferred earnings of certain foreign corporations will be 
deemed repatriated, and treated as if they were distributed to their United States Shareholders. Consequently, 
if the Access Fund invests in a foreign corporation and is a United States Shareholder, its Limited Partners 
who are U.S. Persons may be deemed to receive their distributive share of certain accumulated earnings 
and profits of such foreign corporation. 
The application of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to the Access Fund and Limited Partners is 
complex. Limited Partners should consult their own tax advisors about the applicability and U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to their investment in the Access Fund. 
Foreign Currency Gain or Loss. A Limited Partner's distributive share of any profit or loss realized by 
the Access Fund on the conversion of U.S. dollars into non-U.S. currency, or of non-U.S. currency into 
U.S. dollars, generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather than capital gain or loss. Further, 
if the Access Fund invests in a debt investment or effectively becomes the obligor under a debt instrument 
or enters into certain other transactions, any of which is denominated in terms of a currency other than its 
functional currency, fluctuations in the value of that currency relative to its functional currency generally 
will result in foreign currency gain or loss. Any foreign currency gain or loss realized by the Access Fund 
generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather than capital gain or loss, and any Limited Partner 
will be subject to tax on its allocable share of such income or loss. 
Tax-Exempt Investors The Underlying Fund may (i) invest in operating entities that are treated as flow-
through for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) generate unrelated debt-financed income if they borrow 
funds, or (iii) generate some income, for example, from break-up fees or transaction fees, each of which 
may cause investors that are U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors to incur material amounts of UBTI. A U.S. Tax-
Exempt Investor's allocable share of Access Fund income constituting UBTI would be subject to federal 
income taxation and might be subject to state and local taxation as well. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors should 
only invest in the Access Fund if they are willing to receive material amounts of UBTI. 
Potential U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors should be aware that the Underlying Fund may use leverage that 
would be treated as acquisition indebtedness resulting in a material portion of the income from the Access 
Fund being taxable as UBTI to U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039237 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185421 
EFTA01354642

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354643.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354643.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
Additionally, if a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor incurs debt to finance its Interest. all or a portion of the income 
or gain attributed to the Interest would be included in UBTI. regardless of whether such income or gain 
would otherwise be excluded as dividends, interest or income which is not normally UBTI. 
U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are "charitable remainder trusts" am subject to a 100°/0 excise tax on their 
UBTI. 
Further. certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors may be subject to an excise tax if the Access Fund engages in 
a -prohibited tax shelter transaction" or a -subsequently listed transaction" as defined in Section 4965 of 
the Code. If the Access Fund engages in a prohibited tax shelter transaction, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors 
may be subject to substantial penalties if they fail to comply with special disclosure requirements, and their 
managers may also be subject to substantial penalties. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own 
tax advisors regarding the applicability of these rules to an investment in the Access Fund. 
The Interests am being offered only to U.S. taxable investors and U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that arc willing 
to receive material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI should not invest in the Access Fund. A Feeder Fund may be organized to accommodate 
certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors who do not wish to receive UBTI. 
United States Foreign Tax Credits. Subject to applicable limitations, a Limited Partner that is subject to 
U.S. federal income taxation generally should be entitled to elect to treat foreign taxes withheld from such 
Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's dividend and interest income as foreign income taxes eligible 
for credit against such Limited Panner's U.S. federal income tax liability. Capital gains recognized by the 
Access Fund, however, generally am considered to be from sources within the United States, which may 
effectively limit the amount of foreign tax credit allowed to the Limited Partner. Complex tax rules may 
limit the availability or use of foreign tax credits, depending on each Limited Partner's particular 
circumstances. Because of these limitations, Limited Partners may be unable to claim a credit for the full 
amount of their proportionate shares of any foreign taxes paid by or allocable to the Access Fund. Limited 
Partners that do not elect to treat their shares of foreign taxes as creditable generally may claim a deduction 
against U.S. federal taxable income for such taxes (subject to applicable limitations on losses and 
deductions). Because the availability of a credit or deduction depends on the particular circumstances of 
each Limited Partner. Limited Partners arc advised to consult their own tax advisors. 
Tax Returns; Audit. The Access Fund is required to file annual information returns reporting its income. 
expenses and other tax items and the amounts of such items properly allocable to the Partners. The Access 
Fund's tax returns are subject to review by the IRS and other taxing authorities, which may dispute the 
Access Fund's tax positions. Any recharacterizations or adjustments resulting from an audit may require 
each Limited Partner to file amended tax returns and/or pay additional income taxes, interest or penalties 
and possibly may result in an audit of the Limited Partner's own tax return. 
The General Partner, as the Access Fund's tax matters partner and partnership representative, will have 
considerable authority with respect to the tax treatment of Access Fund items and the procedural rights of 
the Limited Partners. Following an audit of a Fund, under the BBA Rules, the Access Fund may be required 
to pay taxes on behalf of its partners or its own behalf. 
In addition, the BBA Rules will apply to the Underlying Fund and any entities treated as partnerships for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes in which the Underlying Fund acquires an interest. Accordingly, the 
Access Fund may bear a portion of the tax liability resulting from any audit adjustment of the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039238 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00186422 
EFTA01354643

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354644.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354644.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0USI25 Gerald Ford 
Fund or a partnership in which the Underlying Fund invests (even if, with respect to such partnership, the 
Underlying Fund was not a partner of the partnership during the tax year under audit). 
United States Tar Reporting by Limited Partners that are Owners of Non-US Entities. United States tax 
rules impose information reporting requirements on U.S. persons that own, either directly or indirectly 
under certain attribution rules, more than certain threshold amounts of stock in a non-U.S. corporation. 
These persons must disclose, among other things, various transactions between themselves and those non-
U.S. corporations. For this purpose, stock ownership is determined with regard to certain stock attribution 
rules, and each Limited Partner is treated as owning part or all of the stock owned directly or indirectly by 
the Access Fund. In certain circumstances, these rules may require Limited Partners to file reports annually. 
A significant monetary penalty may be imposed on a Limited Partner that fails to satisfy any applicable 
reporting requirements. 
A Limited Partner will be responsible for determining whether it is required to file any information returns 
or statements or otherwise report any information with respect to any non-U.S. entities as a result of owning 
Interests, and for satisfying any such filing or reporting requirements. The Access Fund may not be able to 
provide a Limited Partner with information requested by the Limited Partner in connection with completing 
any filing requirements due to confidentiality restrictions, unavailability of the information requested or 
other reasons. 
Specifically, U.S. individuals (and possibly certain entities) are generally required to file certain 
infommtion with their annual U.S. federal income tax return regarding interests they hold in foreign 
entities or accounts worth more than $50,000 at any time during the year. If the General Partner were to 
offer a structure where Limited Partners own their investment in the Access Fund through a non-U.S. 
entity, it is possible any such Limited Partners would be subject to such information reporting. In addition, 
a separate obligation to file an annual Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (an "FBAR") 
applies to any U.S. person who has a financial interest in, or signature or other authority over, non-U.S. 
financial accounts worth more than $10,000 at any time during the year. Under the FBAR regulations, 
ownership by a U.S. person of an interest in a foreign private fund entity is not currently subject to FBAR 
reporting, but the regulations continue to reserve on the application of the FBAR rules to such interest. 
Potential investors should discuss the application of the above rules with their own advisers in light of 
their individual circumstances. 
Qualified Dividend Income. Subject to certain elections, "qualified dividend income" is generally taxable 
to non-corporate taxpayers at reduced U.S. federal income tax rates. A Limited Partner's qualified dividend 
income may include the Limited Partner's indirect allocable share of certain dividends received by the 
Access Fund from U.S. corporations and qualified foreign corporations. Subject to certain limitations, 
qualified foreign corporations include those incorporated in a possession of the United States and foreign 
corporations eligible for benefits under a comprehensive income tax treaty identified by the IRS, but do not 
include foreign corporations that are treated as "passive foreign investment companies" for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. A dividend of a foreign corporation may also be treated as qualified dividend income 
if the stock with respect to which the dividend is paid is readily tradable on an established securities market 
in the United States. 
In order for Limited Partners to qualify for the lower tax rate with respect to their indirect allocable share 
of qualified dividends, however, the Access Fund must hold the shares of stock producing the dividend for 
at least 61 days during the 121-day period beginning on the date that is 60 days before the date such shares 
become a -dividend. For preferred stock, thc required periods arc increased from 61 days to 91 days and 
from 121 days to 181 days if the dividends are attributable to periods totaling more than 366 days; if the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039239 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185423 
EFTA01354644

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354645.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354645.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS726 Gerald Ford 
preferred dividends are attributable to periods totaling less than 367 days, the 60 day holding period 
discussed herein applies. A dividend is not qualified dividend income to the extent that the Access Fund is 
under an obligation (whether pursuant to a short sale or otherwise) to make related payments with respect 
to positions in substantially similar or related property. If the Access Fund realizes qualified dividend 
income, the Access Fund will report to its Limited Partners their respective shares of such income. 
Notwithstanding the above, a Limited Partner's allocable sham of qualified dividend income will not 
qualify for the reduced rate to the extent such Limited Partner elects to include such dividend income as 
investment income for purposes of the investment interest expense deduction discussed below. A Limited 
Partner's foreign tax credit may be limited to the extent it relates to qualified dividend income taxed at the 
reduced rates of tax. 
Dividends-Received Deduction. A portion of income from the Access Fund allocable to corporate Limited 
Partners may qualify for the "dividends-received deduction." The dividends-received deduction applies to 
certain dividends received from certain corporations. 
Medicare Tax. A 3.8% Medicare contribution tax generally is imposed on the net investment income of 
U.S. individuals, estates and trusts whose income exceeds certain threshold amounts. For U.S. individuals. 
this threshold generally will be exceeded if an individual has adjusted gross income that exceeds $200,000 
($250,000 if married and filing jointly/$125,000 if married and filing separately). For this purpose, net 
investment income generally is expected to include a Limited Partner's distributive sham of the Access 
Fund's income and net gains, as well as net capital gains attributable to a sale of the Limited Partner's 
Interests, over deductions properly allocable to such income and net gains. Prospective Limited Partners 
that are U.S. individuals, estates or trusts am urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the applicability 
of the Medicare tax in their particular circumstances. 
Taxation of Interests—Other Taxes. The Access Fund and Limited Partners may be subject to other taxes, 
such as the alternative minimum tax and foreign, state and local income taxes (including withholding taxes) 
and estate, inheritance or intangible property taxes that may be imposed by various jurisdictions, including 
the State and City of New York, where the Access Fund's principal office is currently located, and any 
other state in which the Access Fund is deemed to conduct business or hold assets. For taxable years 
beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1. 2026, substantial limitations will apply to 
investors' ability to deduct their allocable share of any such state and local taxes. Each prospective investor 
should consider the potential consequences of such taxes on an investment in the Access Fund. It is the 
responsibility of each prospective investor to satisfy itself as to. among other things, the legal and tax 
consequences of an investment in the Access Fund under state law, including the laws of the state(s) of its 
domicile and its residence, by obtaining advice from its own tax advisor, and to file all appropriate tax 
returns that may be required. 
The Access Fund will treat any tax withheld from or otherwise payable with respect to income allocable to 
the Access Fund as cash received by the Access Fund and will treat each Limited Partner as receiving as a 
distribution the portion of such tax that is attributable to such Limited Partner and therefore shall reduce 
distributions otherwise to be made to such Limited Partner. Similar provisions would apply in the case of 
taxes required to be withheld by the Access Fund or when the Access Fund must pay taxes on behalf of the 
Limited Partners. 
Possible Legislative or Other Changes. The Code, with respect to all of the foregoing matters and other 
matters that may affect the Access Fund or its Limited Partners, is subject to change by Congress. In recent 
years. them have been significant changes in the Code, some of which arc being reconsidered by Congress 
and interpretations of which are being considered by the IRS and the courts. It is not possible at this time 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039240 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185424 
EFTA01354645

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354646.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354646.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
to predict whether, or to what extent, any changes in the Code or interpretations thereof will occur. 
Prospective Limited Partners should note that the Access Fund will not undertake to advise Limited Partners 
of any legislative or other developments. No rulings have been or will be requested from the IRS. 
Furthermore, any changes in the Partnership Agreement or the operations of the Access Fund could affect 
the tax consequences described above. Prospective Limited Partners should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding pending and proposed legislation or other changes. 
The foregoing is a summary of some of the important U.S. federal income tax rules and considerations 
affecting the Limited Partners and the Fund's operations and does not purport to be a complete analysis of 
all relevant tax rules and considerations, nor does it purport to be a complete listing of all potential tax risks 
inherent in purchasing or holding an interest in the Access Fund. Prospective investors in the Access Fund 
are urged to consult their own tax advisors. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY MATTERS 
Securities Act of 1933. The offer and sale of the Interests will not be registered under the Securities Act, 
or any other federal, state or foreign securities laws. including state blue sky laws. The Interests arc offered 
in reliance upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities Act and/or Regulation D 
promulgated thereunder, and similar regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") 
applicable to transactions not involving a public offering. Each investor will be required in the Subscription 
Agreement pursuant to which it subscribes for an Interest to make customary private placement 
representations and warranties, including representations as to its status as an "accredited investor" under 
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be prepared to bear the economic risk of the investment in the Interests for an indefinite 
period because the Interests cannot be sold unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act 
or an exemption for such registration is available. It is extremely unlikely that the Interests will ever be 
registered under the Securities Act. The Interests may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under 
the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. 
As described elsewhere in this Memorandum, the transferability of the Interests will be further restricted 
by the terms of the Partnership Agreement. 
Mandated Disclosure of Certain Events. Investors am hereby notified of the following with respect to 
Raymond James, who will act as a Placement Agent with respect to offering of the Interests: 
Beginning in 201 I. without admitting or denying any allegations, Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. 
("Raymond James") settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and the District of 
Columbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or engaged in dishonest or unethical practices (or 
substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant state statutes) related to the sale of auction 
rate securities (ARS). The basis of the allegations was that Raymond James offered and sold to some of 
their customers ARS while not accurately characterizing or while failing to adequately disclose the true 
nature and risks associated with these investments. Although Raymond James' ARS trade confirmations 
disclosed the risk that ARS auctions could fail and that Raymond James were not obliged to ensure their 
success, at the point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers inaccurately described ARS. As 
a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to purchase eligible ARS from eligible customers 
and to pay fines. Raymond James have completed all undertakings required under the settlement orders. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039241 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185425 
EFTA01354646

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354647.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS726 Gerald Ford 
U.S Securities Exchange Act of 1934. It is not expected that the Access Fund will be required to register 
the Interests under Section 12(g) or any other provision of the Exchange Act. The Access Fund does not 
expect to have any class of equity security held of record by two thousand (2,000) or more persons and 
expects to meet the other exemptions available under the Exchange Act. As a result, the Access Fund would 
not be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the Exchange Act and investors should 
only expect to receive the information and reports required to be delivered pursuant to the Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investment Company Act of 1940. It is anticipated that the Access Fund will be excepted from the 
definition of "investment company" in reliance on the exception contained in Section 3(cX7) of the 
Investment Company Act and, thus, exempt from the registration requirements of the Investment Company 
Act. Accordingly, the Access Fund expects that it will sell Interests only to "qualified purchasers" as 
defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act. This exception is available only to an issuer 
which is not making and does not presently propose to make a public offering of its securities. With respect 
to the determination that an investor meets the definition of-qualified purchaser" in connection with the 
exception contained in Section 3(cX7), the Access Fund will obtain and rely on appropriate representations 
and undertakings from investors in order to ensure that the Access Fund meets the conditions of the relevant 
exception on an ongoing basis. The General Partner reserves the right to prevent the ownership of Interests 
by any person if the effect of such ownership would preclude the Access Fund from relying on Section 
3(cX7) of the Investment Company Act or otherwise require the Access Fund to register as an "investment 
company" under the Investment Company Act. 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1974. The General Partner (0 will qualify for an exemption from registration 
as a CPO with respect to the Access Fund pursuant to CFTC Rule 4.13(aX3) under the Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1974, as amended, and plans to file a notice to claim such exemption with the National 
Futures Association ("NFA") and (ii) qualifies for an exemption from registration with the CFTC as a 
commodity trading advisor ("CTA") under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(5). The Investment Manager is exempt 
from registration as a CTA under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(8) and has filed a notice to claim such exemption 
with the NFA. Accordingly, the General Partner and the Investment Manager will not be subject to certain 
regulatory requirements with respect to the Access Fund (which are intended to provide certain regulatory 
safeguards to investors) that would otherwise be applicable absent such exemptions. If any figure 
regulatory change causes the General Partner or Investment Manager to lose any applicable exemption, 
there could be a material adverse effect on the Access Fund. 
Certain Legal Considerations. The offer and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law, and an investment in the Access Fund may involve legal requirements. non-U.S. exchange 
restrictions and tax considerations unique to the Investor. None of the Placement Agents, the Investment 
Manager, the General Partner or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation with respect to 
whether any Limited Partner is permitted to hold such Interests. Interests that are acquired by any person, 
or in any transaction, in violation of applicable law, as determined by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion, may be mandatorily redeemed. Prospective investors should consult their own legal and tax 
advisors regarding such considerations prior to making an investment decision. 
Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Requirements. 
In response to increased regulatory 
requirements with respect to the sources of funds used in investments and other activities, the General 
Partner may require prospective investors to provide documentation verifying, among other things, such 
investor's and any of its beneficial owners' identities and source and use of finds used to purchase an 
Interest. The General Partner may decline to accept a subscription if this information is not provided or on 
the basis of such information that is provided. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039242 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185426 
EFTA01354647

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354648.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354648.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Furthermom, in response to increased regulatory concerns with respect to the sources of funds used in 
investments and other activities, the Glendower GP may request the Access Fund in its capacity as limited 
partner to provide additional documentation verifying, among other things, its source of funds used to 
purchase the investments. Each Investor will be required to make such representations to the Access Fund 
as the General Partner, the Investment Manager, and the Access Fund shall require in connection with 
applicable anti-money laundering programs, including, representations to the Access Fund that such 
investor is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a prohibited country, territory. individual or entity listed on 
the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") wcbsitc, and that it is not 
directly or indirectly affiliated with any country, territory, individual or entity named on an OFAC list or 
prohibited by any OFAC sanctions programs. Such Investor will also represent to the Access Fund that 
amounts contributed by it to the Access Fund were not directly or indirectly derived from activities that 
may contravene U.S. federal, state or international laws and regulations, including, any applicable anti-
money laundering laws and regulations. 
Requests for documentation and additional information may be made at any time during which an investor 
holds an Interest. The General Partner will take such steps as it determines are necessary to comply with 
applicable law, regulations, orders, directives or special measures to implement anti-money laundering law. 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive. Neither the General Partner nor the Investment 
Manager is authorized or expected to become authorized under the European Union's Directive 2011/6I/EU 
on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive") as of the date of this Memorandum, 
and the substantive requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative Investment Fund Manager" 
("AIFM") under the AIFM Directive or any national implementing law are not applicable to the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager will market 
Interests (or permit Interests to be marketed on their behalf) to any prospective investor located, resident or 
domiciled or with a registered office in or organized under the laws of a relevant member state (each, a 
"Member State") of the European Economic Area ("EEA" )2, when such marketing is reasonably likely to 
give rise to the application of any requirement of the AIFM Directive to the Access Fund or the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The General Partner intends to organize and operate the Access Fund so that an investment in the Access 
Fund will be a permissible investment for pension, profit sharing and other retirement plans which arc 
subject to ERISA. As explained below, the General Partner expects that the ownership of the Access Fund 
by benefit plan investors shall be limited, so that the assets of the Access Fund will not be "plan assets" 
within the meaning of ERISA. 
A fiduciary of a U.S. pension, profit sharing, or other employee benefit plan or trust subject to ERISA (each 
such plan or trust, an "ERISA Plan") should consider fiduciary standards under ERISA in the context of 
the ERISA Plan's particular circumstances before authorizing an investment of a portion of such ERISA 
Plan's assets in the Access Fund. The fiduciary standards include the prudence, diversification, and 
governance requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA. ERISA Plan fiduciaries must give appropriate 
consideration to, among other things, the role that an investment in the Access Fund has in the ERISA 
Plan's investment portfolio, taking into account the ERISA Plan's purposes, the risk of loss and the potential 
lie following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark. Estonia, 
Finland, France. Germany, Greece, Hungary., Iceland, Republic of Ireland, Italy. Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania. Luxembourg, 
Malta, The Netherlands. Norway. Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain. Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039243 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185427 
EFTA01354648

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354649.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS726 Gerald Ford 
return in respect of such investment, the composition of the ERISA Plan's portfolio, the liquidity and 
current return of the total portfolio relative to the anticipated cash flow needs of the ERISA Plan and the 
projected return of the portfolio relative to the ERISA Plan's funding objectives. A fiduciary of an ERISA 
Plan should also consider whether an investment in the Access Fund might constitute or give rise to a 
-prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of Code. 
The trustee or other person who is contemplating an investment of a portion of the assets of an individual 
retirement account (-IRA") described in Section 408 of the Code that is not subject to Title I of ERISA, or 
any pension, profit sharing, Keogh or other retirement employee benefit plan that is not subject to Title I of 
ERISA but is qualified under Section 40I(a) of the Code, or of an investment fund or other collective 
investment vehicle that contains assets of one or more such accounts or plans (each such plan, an 
"Individual Plan", and each Individual Plan to which Section 4975 of the Code applies and each ERISA 
Plan, a "Plan") in the Interests should carefully consider, taking into account the facts and circumstances 
of the Individual Plan, whether: such investment is consistent with the Individual Plan's needs for sufficient 
liquidity to pay benefits when due, given that there is not expected to be a market in which to sell or 
otherwise dispose of the Interests: such trustee or other person has authority to make such investment under 
the appropriate governing instrument; and the acquisition or holding of an the Interest in the Access Fund 
will result in a non-exempt -prohibited transaction" under Section 4975 of the Code. 
On June 9, 2017, the U.S. Department of Labor promulgated new rules (the "2017 Fiduciary Rule") that 
substantially broaden the types of activities that create a fiduciary relationship between certain persons, 
including marketing professionals, and a Plan. Subject to certain conditions, the 2017 Fiduciary Rule 
includes an exception (the 'Seller's Exclusion") for (1) sophisticated institutional ERISA Plans and (2) 
smaller ERISA Plans and Individual Plans that are represented by a sophisticated independent fiduciary. 
The General Partner intends to rely on the Seller's Exclusion in connection with any investment decision 
made by any Plan with respect to the Access Fund. However, if it were determined that the Seller's 
Exclusion did not apply to a Plan's investment in the Access Fund and that the General Partner, Investment 
Manager or one of its affiliates (the 'Sponsor") had provided "investment advice" to such Plan with respect 
to such investment decision, the Sponsor may be considered a fiduciary under the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. If 
the Sponsor is found to be a fiduciary, to a Plan investor, the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA 
and the Code will generally apply and certain arrangements between the Sponsor and the Access Fund 
and/or the Plan may violate ERISA's "prohibited transactions" rules. Due to the 2017 Fiduciary Rule's 
relatively recent effectiveness, there is still uncertainty as to the manner in which the U.S. Department of 
Labor interprets many aspects of the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. 
Under ERISA and the regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Labor, investments by 
a Plan in the Access Fund may cause the General Partner to be subject to fiduciary responsibility rules 
under ERISA. If the Access Fund's Assets are treated as "plan assets" of an ERISA Plan or the Sponsor is 
considered a fiduciary as a result of the Plan's investment in the Access Fund, the fiduciary standards and 
prohibited transaction rules referred to above would apply to the Access Fund's holdings and the General 
Partner's ability to invest Access Fund Assets. The Access Fund's Assets will not be treated as -plan assets" 
of a Plan, however, if investment by "benefit plan investors" (as defined in ERISA) in the Access Fund is 
not "significant" for purposes of ERISA, meaning that less than 25% of each class of equity interest in the 
Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," which includes any Plan and any entities holding plan 
assets (to the extent of the percentage of equity interests held by benefit plan investors). Equity interests 
held by the General Partner or its affiliates are disregarded for purposes of applying the 25% ownership 
rule. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) less than 25% of the total value of 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039244 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185428 
EFTA01354649

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354650.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS726 Gerald Ford 
each class of equity interests (disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) in 
the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA 
and the regulations thereunder, and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan assets 
subject to the fiduciary, standards of Part 4 of Tide I of ERISA. The General Partner will rely on the 
representations of the investors as to their benefit plan investor status in making the determination of 
whether the subscriptions of benefit plan investors will be limited. If the assets of the Access Fund were 
deemed to be -plan assets" under ERISA, (i) the prudence and other requirements of Title I of ERISA 
would apply to investments made by the Access Fund, (ii) the General Partner and any additional 
investment advisors would be plan "fiduciaries" under ERISA with respect to ERISA Plan investors, and 
ERISA Plan investors or other employee benefit plan investors may have improperly delegated fiduciary 
responsibility to the General Partner, and (iii) the Access Fund may be required to withdraw from an 
Underlying Fund and may incur significant liability to the Underlying Fund. 
On the Form 5500 Annual Return (-Form 5500"), ERISA Plan investors may be required to report certain 
compensation paid by the Access Fund (or by third-parties) to the Access Fund's service providers as 
-reportable indirect compensation" on Schedule C to the Form 5500. To the extent any compensation 
arrangements described herein constitute reportable indirect compensation required to be reported on 
Schedule C to the Form 5500, any such descriptions are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 
the alternative reporting option for "eligible indirect compensation," as defined for purposes of Schedule C 
to the Form 5500. 
Although federal, state and local governmental pension plans air not subject to ERISA, applicable 
provisions of federal and state law may restrict the type of investments such a plan may make or otherwise 
have an impact on such a plan's ability to invest in the Access Fund. Accordingly, state and local 
governmental pension plans considering an investment in the Access Fund should consult with their counsel 
regarding their proposed investment in the Access Fund. 
WHETHER OR NOT THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND ARE DEEMED 
PLAN ASSETS UNDER APPLICABLE REGULATIONS, AN INVESTMENT IN THE ACCESS 
FUND BY AN ERISA PLAN IS SUBJECT TO ERISA AND INVESTMENTS BY OTHER TYPES 
OF EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. ACCORDINGLY, FIDUCIARIES OF ERISA PLANS SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN COUNSEL AS TO THE CONSEQUENCES UNDER ERISA OR 
APPLICABLE LAW OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS. 
THE FOREGOING DISCUSSION OF ERISA AND CODE ISSUES SHOULD NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS LEGAL ADVICE. FIDUCIARIES OF PLANS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
OWN COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO ISSUES ARISING UNDER ERISA AND THE CODE AND 
MAKE THEIR OWN INDEPENDENT DECISION REGARDING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
ACCESS FUND. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039245 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185429 
EFTA01354650

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354651.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Private Placement Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, L.P. 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
March 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement') may only be distributed in conjunction with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the "Memorandum') relating to the offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests') In Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund'), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and the Memorandum. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039246 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185430 
EFTA01354651

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354652.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354652.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the "Supplement") is intended to modify and update the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"). The Access Fund is expected to invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with any 
parallel funds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the extent that any statement or information contained 
in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this Supplement, such statement or information is hereby amended 
by this Supplement. The Memorandum remains in effect except to the extent supplemented or modified 
herein, and nothing herein modifies or changes or should be deemed to modify or change in any way the 
information contained in the section entitled "Important Disclosures- in the Memorandum. Capitalized 
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum. All 
references in the Memorandum to -this Memorandum" shall refer to the Memorandum as supplemented 
hereby. This Supplement has been furnished on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or used for 
any other purposes. Each person accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to return it to the General Partner 
promptly at the request of the General Partner or if such person determines not to invest in the Access Fund, 
including indirectly through Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and together with the Access Fund, the "Access Funds"). Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein (and in the Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, and any other related 
documents) to the contrary, each Investor (and each employee, representative, or other agent of each such 
Investor) may disclose to their advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or 
to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the tax 
treatment and tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that arc provided to Investors relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, provided, however. 
that no Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other 
information that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction 
(including the identity of the party and any information that could lead another to determine the identity of 
any party) or any other information to the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in violation of 
any U.S. federal or state securities law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide updated information 
regarding certain changes to the terms of the Access Fund. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039247 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185431 
EFTA01354652

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354653.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Changes to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The following information set forth in the Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund is hereby 
amended with the changes as marked below: 
Access Fund Expenses: 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, including: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; expenses and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax reporting including under the U.S. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs or expenses in connection with the 
Access Fund's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying Fund and any subsequent closing 
interest charged to the Access Fund); extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, including indemnification 
expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or 
sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, administrative (including any fees 
and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General Partner), custodial 
and registration services provided to the Access Fund and any expenses attributable to consulting services, 
including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities by the Access 
Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or otherwise relating to the preparation 
of form documentation in respect of Transfers; fccs and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement to 
provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the process for Limited Partners to sell all or 
any portion of their Interests; reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as travel, 
research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of the Access Fund in respect of 
the Underlying Fund and the management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses (including 
travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or othenvise holding meetings or conferences 
with Limited Partners. whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the Placement Agents, 
whether internal or provided by a third party service provider, utilized for risk management, measurement 
and valuation purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility or regulatory 
obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the Access Fund, the General Partner or 
the Investment Manager. Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses associated with 
the ongoing operations of any alternative investment vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; 
legal and recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, economists, outside counsel, 
accountants and other third-party service providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment vehicles, including tax preparation 
expenses; expenses relating to any audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary expenses). In addition to the 
foregoing, Access Fund expenses will include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all 
of the operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or relating to a Feeder Fund shall 
be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses 
of the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly borne by the limited partners 
of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund); provided, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039248 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185432 
EFTA01354653

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354654.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354654.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific Feeder Fund will be determined 
with respect to, and paid separately by, such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner 
in its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access Fund to fund their share of 
Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a 
Limited Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund their share 
of Access Fund expenses); except as otherwise_oravidedierein_or itt.the_Partnersbio_Agreemeth. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds) will 
indirectly bear the cost of the Access Fund's pro raw share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the Access Fund 
as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund expenses by virtue of being a Limited 
Partner of the Access Fund. To the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred by 
the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of the Access Fund and/or any Parallel 
Access Funds established in connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying Fund, 
the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the Access Fund and such Parallel Access 
Funds as it reasonably deems appropriate. 
Indemnification: 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, the respective partners, members. 
stockholders, officers, directors, managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets of the Access Fund, including the 
capital calls from the Limited Partners-Ewhielt-eapital-ealls-fer-indemoifieaden-eipeoses-ar-e-emside-ef-a 
krimited-Pactner-4-SubseFirdien), and from the proceeds of liability insurance and any-assets-frem 
anvccrtain meal leds of Distributions (sec "- Capital Calls- and "Limited Partner Givebacr), against 
certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and 
indirectly the Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts will be callable from Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund to the full extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of dDistributions as described in  Limited Partner Givehack below 
Limited Partner Giveback: 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other liability or is otherwise required to return 
distributions to the Underlying Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in its capacity as a limited partner of 
the Underlying Fund), each Limited Partner may be required to return distributions received from the 
Access Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; provided. however, that the 
aggregate amount of such returns from any Limited Partner shall not exceed the-aggregate-amount•ef25% 
of all _distributions received by such Limited Partner (44-being-unflersteed-that-aelditionel-amounts-ima)-be 
called-freinfrom the Access Fund, unless the Access Fund is otherwise required to return Distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA (in which case a Limited Partner would be
required to bear its proportionate share of such return obligation): provided I farther that no Limited Partner 
shall be required to return distributions to the Access Fund after the Ix-month anniversary of the last day 
of the Tenn (provided that if at the end of such period there are any proceedings or claims outstanding. the 
General Partner shall notify the Limited Partners and the obligation to indemnify shall be extended until 
the date such proceedings  or claims are ultimately resolved and distributions are returned to the Limited 
Partners in respect of-indemnifiention-expensesi—whieli--antennts--ere-ouiside-01-elirnited-Partherzs 
Subseciptionthereol). 
Changes to III Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039249 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185433 
EFTA01354654

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354655.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSt26 Gerald Ford 
The following information set forth in the fourth paragraph of "Certain Risk Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund" is hereby amended with the 
changes as marked below: 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and its affiliates. There have been 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In-addition-eapitel-conhibutions-to-fundthe.Aceess-Fund's-inderonity-obligationserootitsideole-Limited 
Pertnerls-Subseriptien, Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Repayment 
of Distributions" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund may be required to repay to the Underlying Fund or to pay creditors of the Underlying 
Fund, as applicable, distributions previously received by it. In addition, the Access Fund may be required 
to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts that are required to be withheld by the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes TheSubject to certain rectrictiono in the Partnership Ap,r 
t the Access Fund may require 
Limited Partners to return to the Access Fund ell-er-part-ef-an,-distributions made by the Access Fund to 
the Limited Partners in order to satisfy all or any portion of the Access Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or otherwise. Similarly, Limited Partners may also be required to repay 
or pay such amount to the Access Fund if the Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Indemnity 
Obligation" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
administrator and certain of their affiliates and representatives (including any sub-advisor or other similar 
service provider) for liabilities incurred in connection with the affairs of the Access Fund. Any such 
indemnification (and the expenses thereof) will be in addition to the indemnification granted under the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039250 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185434 
EFTA01354655

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354656.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354656.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity obligations and any indemnification 
granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and the investments of the Underlying Fund), 
including the obligation to return distributions to fund any such Underlying Fund indemnification (with the 
Limited Partners in turn being required to return distributions). The Access Fund's indemnification 
obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be funded by capital calls from the Limited Partners or 
through the return of Distributions previously made to the Limited Partners.  A-himited-Panner:s-obligation 
guhseFiptienramil-therefere-will-net-be-eappe4 sulajecLto_certaizexceptions and restrictions set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement. In addition, the Access Fund's assets, including any investments held by the Access 
Fund (including cash or cash equivalents), arc available to satisfy all liabilities and other obligations of the 
Access Fund, including indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund an indemnification claim will 
survive the dissolution of the Access Fund. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Multiple 
Layers of Expenses" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each have expenses and management costs that will be borne, 
directly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Access Fund) or indirectly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Underlying Fund), by the Access Fund. Further, distributions from the Underlying Fund to the 
Access Fund will be subject to the carried interest of the Glendower GP. In addition, certain expenses will 
be apart from a Limited Partner's Subscription, including intlemiiifieatieli-espeftses-and-eenain-ether 
required-paynsentsr inelthiling-transfer expenses, interest expenses in connection with subsequent closings, 
certain tax preparation and other expenses attributable to specific limited partners. A Limited Partner's 
obligation to fund these expenses will not be capped. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039251 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185435 
EFTA01354656

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354657.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125Gerald Ford 
Appendix A 
Underlying Fund Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039252 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185436 
EFTA01354657

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354658.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower 
Capital 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185437 
DB-SDNY-0039253 
EFTA01354658

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354659.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
$1,750.000,000 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM, DATED 
MARCH 2018 (THIS -MEMORANDUM"), IS BEING CIRCULATED TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF QUALIFIED 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS FOR THE PURPOSE OF EVALUATING AN INVESTMENT IN THE LIMITED 
PARTNER INTERESTS (THE • INTERESTS') OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND IV, LP (THE "FUND'). THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING CIRCULATED BY GLENDOWER CAPITAL 
LLP (THE "MANAGER') WHICH IS AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED BY THE UK FINANCIAL CONDUCT 
AUTHORITY (THE 'FCA'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM AMENDS, RESTATES AND REPLACES THE 
CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM OF THE FUND, DATED OCTOBER 2017, AND 
THE SUPPLEMENTS THERETO. 
THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES A FINANCIAL PROMOTION FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE UK 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ('FSMA'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR DISTRIBUTED, NOR MAY ITS 
CONTENTS BE DISCLOSED, TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT DIRECTLY INVOLVED WITH THE 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR'S DECISION REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF INTERESTS WITHOUT THE 
PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE MANAGER. BY ACCEPTING DELIVERY OF THIS MEMORANDUM, 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO THE FOREGOING. 
THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT LIMIT THE DISCLOSURE OF THE TAX TREATMENT OR TAX 
STRUCTURE OF THE FUND (OR ANY TRANSACTIONS UNDERTAKEN BY THE FUND). AS USED IN 
THIS PARAGRAPH, THE TERM 'TAX TREATMENT' REFERS TO THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT AND THE TERM 'TAX STRUCTURE' REFERS TO ANY FACT 
THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO UNDERSTANDING THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX TREATMENT. PROVIDED THAT, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT. (A) EXCEPT TO THE 
EXTENT OTHERWISE ESTABLISHED IN PUBLISHED GUIDANCE BY THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE, TAX TREATMENT AND TAX STRUCTURE SHALL NOT INCLUDE THE NAME OF, CONTACT 
INFORMATION FOR, OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR IDENTIFYING INFORMATION REGARDING THE FUND 
OR ANY OF ITS INVESTMENTS (INCLUDING THE NAMES OF ANY EMPLOYEES OR AFFILIATES 
THEREOF) AND (B) NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL LIMIT THE ABILITY OF A PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR TO MAKE ANY DISCLOSURE TO THE INVESTOR'S TAX ADVISERS OR TO THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER TAXING AUTHORITY. 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN EXAMINATION OF 
THE FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED, APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE FCA, 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER NON-U. S. SECURITIES COMMISSION OR 
REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT 
CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. SEE 'APPENDIX 1: NOTICES TO 
INVESTORS IN SPECIFIC JURISDICTIONS" FOR LEGENDS RELATING TO THOSE JURISDICTIONS IN 
WHICH THE INTERESTS SHALL BE OFFERED AND, BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO BE BOUND BY EACH RELEVANT LEGEND AND 
CORRESPONDING RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN APPENDIX 1. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING COMMUNICATED IN THE UK ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
CONSIDERED TO BE 'PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS' OR WHO MAY, ON REQUEST, BE TREATED AS 
"PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS' WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANNEX II TO THE MARKETS IN FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS DIRECTIVE (2014/65/EU) (PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM 
MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS. ANY INTERESTS TO WHICH THIS MEMORANDUM RELATES ARE AVAILABLE ONLY TO 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS. THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT AN APPROVED PROSPECTUS FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF SECTION 85 OF FSMA. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039255 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185439 
EFTA01354659

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354660.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354660.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
THE FUND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED. THE INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY 
HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. AS 
AMENDED (THE 'SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE OR OTHER SECURITIES LAWS OR THE LAWS 
OF ANY NON-U.S. JURISDICTION. THE INTERESTS WILL BE OFFERED AND SOLD FOR INVESTMENT 
ONLY TO QUALIFYING RECIPIENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY SECTION 4(A)(2) 
THEREOF AND REGULATION D PROMULGATED THEREUNDER AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE U.S. AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE OFFERING 
WILL BE MADE. THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR THE INTERESTS AND THERE IS NO 
OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF ANY PERSON TO REGISTER THE INTERESTS UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. 
THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE NON-U.S. SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO 
REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE INTERESTS WILL 
BE FURTHER RESTRICTED BY THE TERMS OF THE FUND'S LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
(THE "FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT"). INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS FOR AN 
INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
THE INTERESTS ARE OFFERED SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE AND ANY SUBSCRIPTION FOR 
INTERESTS BY AN INVESTOR MAY BE REJECTED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART. AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
INTERESTS WILL INVOLVE SIGNIFICANT RISKS DUE, AMONG OTHER THINGS, TO THE NATURE OF 
THE INVESTMENTS THE FUND INTENDS TO MAKE AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE 
FUND'S RATE OF RETURN OBJECTIVES WILL BE REALIZED OR THAT THERE WILL BE ANY RETURN 
OF CAPITAL. SEE "SECTION 7: RISK FACTORS' AND "SECTION 8: CONFLICTS OF INTEREST-. 
INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE THE FINANCIAL ABILITY AND WILLINGNESS TO ACCEPT THE RISKS 
AND LACK OF LIQUIDITY THAT ARE CHARACTERISTIC OF THE INVESTMENT DESCRIBED HEREIN. 
INVESTORS IN THE FUND MUST BE PREPARED TO BEAR SUCH RISKS FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD 
OF TIME. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOT CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM AS 
LEGAL, TAX, INVESTMENT OR OTHER ADVICE. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD MAKE ITS 
OWN INQUIRIES AND CONSULT ITS ADVISERS AS TO THE FUND AND THIS OFFERING AND AS TO 
LEGAL, TAX. FINANCIAL AND OTHER RELEVANT MATTERS CONCERNING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
INTERESTS AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE INVESTMENT FOR SUCH INVESTOR.
IN CONSIDERING THE PRIOR PERFORMANCE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (INCLUDING IN 
RESPECT OF DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND A, L.P., DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND B, L.P. AND DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND C, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND D, L.P.. SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP AND SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND III, LP (TOGETHER, THE "SOF FUNDS"), PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD 
BEAR IN MIND THAT PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE 
RESULTS AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE FUND WILL ACHIEVE COMPARABLE 
RESULTS. 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ALL REFERENCES TO RATES OF RETURN OR 
INTERNAL RATES OF RETURN IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE TO RATES OF RETURN ON 
INVESTMENTS ON A GROSS BASIS AND, AS SUCH, EXCLUDE THE EFFECT OF PRIORITY PROFIT 
SHARE, MANAGEMENT FEES AND EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MAY, UPON REQUEST, OBTAIN A HYPOTHETICAL ILLUSTRATION OF 
THE EFFECT OF FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES ON THE RETURNS, 
BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY SUCH ILLUSTRATION IS HYPOTHETICAL AND, AS SUCH, IS LIKELY 
TO PRODUCE DIFFERENT RESULTS FROM THOSE ACTUALLY OBTAINED AS A RESULT OF THE 
APPLICATION OF THE RELEVANT FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONTACT REPRESENTATIVES OF THE 
MANAGER TO DISCUSS THE PROCEDURES AND METHODOLOGIES USED TO CALCULATE THE 
INVESTMENT RETURNS AND OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED, BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT THEIR 
INVESTMENT MUST BE BASED SOLELY ON THE INFORMATION IN THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS FINAL 
FORM AND IN THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD TAKE NOTE THAT, AS DESCRIBED IN "HISTORY" IN SECTION 1: EXECUTIVE SUMMARY OF 
THIS MEMORANDUM, NOT ALL MEMBERS OF THE INVESTMENT AND OPERATIONS TEAMS THAT 
Confidential Prrvate Pbeement Memorandum 
Page 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039256 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185440 
EFTA01354660

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354661.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
MANAGED THE SOF FUNDS AT DEUTSCHE BANK HAVE JOINED THE MANAGER AND GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL (U.S.), LLC (THE 'U.S. ADVISER'). 
ACCORDINGLY, IN EVALUATING THE PAST 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOF FUNDS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE 
PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER WERE FORMALLY PART 
OF DEUTSCHE BANK, A LARGE INSTITUTION, AND, IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTMENTS 
COMPRISING THE TRACK RECORD OF THE SOF FUNDS, SUCH PERSONS FUNCTIONED AS PART 
OF A LARGER GROUP WITHIN DEUTSCHE BANK AND THE SUCCESS OR OTHERWISE OF THE SOF 
FUNDS SHOULD NOT BE SOLELY ATTRIBUTED TO THE PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE 
MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER. 
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES "FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS," WHICH CAN BE IDENTIFIED BY THE USE OF FORWARD-LOOKING TERMINOLOGY 
SUCH AS "MAY,' "WILL.- SHOULD," 'EXPECT,' 'ANTICIPATE,' -PROJECT,' ESTIMATE," "INTEND,' 
"CONTINUE' OR "BELIEVE' OR THE NEGATIVES THEREOF OR OTHER VARIATIONS THEREON OR 
OTHER COMPARABLE TERMINOLOGY. DUE TO VARIOUS RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES, INCLUDING 
THOSE DESCRIBED IN THIS MEMORANDUM, ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS OR THE ACTUAL 
PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE REFLECTED OR 
CONTEMPLATED IN SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. NO REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO FUTURE PERFORMANCE OR SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN PREPARED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT THE LEGAL AND TAX 
STRUCTURE REQUIRED TO CONDUCT THE ACTIVITIES OF THE FUND HAS ALREADY BEEN FULLY 
IMPLEMENTED AND THAT ALL REGULATORY, TAX AND OTHER CLEARANCES HAVE BEEN 
OBTAINED. THE STRUCTURE WILL HAVE BEEN IMPLEMENTED PRIOR TO THE FIRST CLOSING OF 
THE FUND. IN PARTICULAR, THIS MEMORANDUM MAKES REFERENCE TO THE MANAGER BEING 
AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED AS AN "ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND MANAGER" BY THE FCA. 
AS OF THE DATE HEREOF, THE MANAGER IS AWAITING FINAL CONFIRMATION OF ITS 
AUTHORIZATION FROM THE FCA. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE FIRST CLOSING OF THE 
FUND WILL NOT OCCUR UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE MANAGER HAS RECEIVED THE NECESSARY 
AUTHORIZATIONS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION IN ANY JURISDICTION 
TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY TO WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION 
IN SUCH STATE OR JURISDICTION. THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING AND THE INTERESTS 
DESCRIBED HEREIN MAY BE MODIFIED AT ANY TIME. IN THE EVENT THAT THE DESCRIPTIONS OR 
TERMS IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE INCONSISTENT WITH OR CONTRARY TO THE FUND 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT (WHICH IS AVAILABLE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS UPON 
REQUEST), THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT SHALL CONTROL. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM OR THE DEFINITIVE SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENTS, AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH 
INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR THEREIN MUST NOT BE 
RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE MANAGER, THE FUND, ITS GENERAL 
PARTNER (THE "GENERAL PARTNER') OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES. THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN COMPILED AS OF THE DATE 
HEREOF UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED HEREIN, AND NEITHER THE DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM AT ANY TIME, NOR ANY SALE HEREUNDER, SHALL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES 
CREATE AN IMPLICATION THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS CORRECT AS OF ANY 
TIME SUBSEQUENT TO SUCH DATE. CERTAIN ECONOMIC AND MARKET INFORMATION 
CONTAINED HEREIN HAS BEEN OBTAINED FROM PUBLISHED SOURCES PREPARED BY OTHER 
PARTIES. WHILE SUCH SOURCES ARE BELIEVED TO BE RELIABLE, SUCH INFORMATION HAS NOT 
BEEN INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED AND NONE OF THE GENERAL PARTNER. THE FUND, THE 
MANAGER, THE U.S. ADVISER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ASSUMES ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER 
CREDIT SUISSE ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED ("CREDIT SUISSE') NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES 
HAS INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN OR THE INFORMATION 
OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE BY THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND OR THE MANAGER, AND 
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF 
SUCH INFORMATION OR ANY FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN 
Confidential Private Pbcement Memorandum 
Page iii 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039257 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185441 
EFTA01354661

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354662.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOU5i 25 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
THIS MEMORANDUM. 
EACH OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL, LLP AND THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE 'CFTC') AND IS 
NOT REGISTERED WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR ('CPO'), PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC REGULATION SECTION 4.13(AX3) FOR POOLS (A) WHOSE INTERESTS 
ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE OFFERED AND SOLD 
WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES, (B) WHOSE PARTICIPANTS ARE 
LIMITED TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND (C) WHOSE INVESTMENTS IN COMMODITY INTEREST 
POSITIONS ARE LIMITED SUCH THAT EITHER (1) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL MARGIN, PREMIUMS 
AND REQUIRED MINIMUM DEPOSIT FOR RETAIL FOREX TRANSACTIONS (AS DEFINED IN CFTC 
REGULATION SECTION 5.1(M)) REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH SUCH POSITIONS, DETERMINED AT THE 
TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE 
LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING INTO ACCOUNT UNREALIZED 
PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS ENTERED INTO, PROVIDED 
THAT, IN THE CASE OF AN OPTION THAT IS IN-THE-MONEY AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE, THE IN-
THE-MONEY AMOUNT AS DEFINED IN CFTC REGULATION SECTION 190.01 MAY BE EXCLUDED IN 
COMPUTING SUCH 5% OR (2) AN AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF SUCH POSITIONS, 
DETERMINED AT THE TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT 
EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING INTO 
ACCOUNT UNREALIZED PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS 
ENTERED INTO. THEREFORE, UNLIKE A REGISTERED CPO, NEITHER THE MANAGER NOR THE 
GENERAL PARTNER IS REQUIRED TO DELIVER A DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT (AS DEFINED IN THE 
CFTC REGULATIONS) AND A CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORT TO INVESTORS. 
THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE 
ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS 
NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THIS MEMORANDUM WAS PREPARED BY REPRESENTATIVES OF THE FUND AND IS BEING 
FURNISHED BY CREDIT SUISSE AS PLACEMENT AGENT SOLELY FOR USE BY PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. CREDIT SUISSE IS ACTING AS PLACEMENT 
AGENT FOR THE GENERAL PARTNER, AND, IN THAT CAPACITY, IS NOT ACTING AS INVESTMENT 
ADVISER, MUNICIPAL ADVISOR, OR FIDUCIARY TO POTENTIAL PURCHASERS IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE INTERESTS OFFERED IN THIS MEMORANDUM. IN ACTING AS PLACEMENT AGENT, 
CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ADVISING ANY RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM REGARDING WHETHER 
THE FUND IS MORE APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH RECIPIENT'S INVESTMENT NEEDS THAN OTHER 
SIMILAR FUNDS THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE. POTENTIAL INVESTORS MUST MAKE THEIR OWN 
INVESTMENT DECISIONS. IN MAKING THOSE DECISIONS, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD BE 
AWARE THAT CREDIT SUISSE WILL RECEIVE A PLACEMENT FEE FROM THE GENERAL PARTNER 
(OR ITS AFFILIATE) THAT IS GENERALLY BASED UPON THE AMOUNT OF INTERESTS IN THE FUND 
SUBSCRIBED FOR BY THE INVESTORS. CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ACTING AND WILL NOT ACT AS A 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 975 OF THE DODD-FRANK WALL STREET 
REFORM AND CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED 
THEREUNDER ('MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE'). ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL, OR INFORMATION THAT 
CREDIT SUISSE PROVIDES TO A MUNICIPAL ENTITY OR OBLIGATED PERSON AS DEFINED BY THE 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE ('COVERED PARTY') ARE PROVIDED ON AN ARM'S LENGTH BASIS AND 
NOT AS AN ADVISOR OR FIDUCIARY TO THE COVERED PARTY. COVERED PARTIES SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL ADVISORS BEFORE TAKING ACTION WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL OR INFORMATION PROVIDED TO THEM BY CREDIT 
SUISSE. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO WILL NOT SOLICIT A COVERED PARTY FOR DIRECT OR INDIRECT 
COMPENSATION ON BEHALF OF AN UNAFFILIATED INVESTMENT ADVISER FOR THE PURPOSE OF 
OBTAINING OR RETAINING AN ENGAGEMENT FOR THAT INVESTMENT ADVISER BY THE COVERED 
PARTY TO PROVIDE INVESTMENT ADVISORY SERVICES TO OR ON BEHALF OF THE COVERED 
PARTY. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO SEEKS TO DO BUSINESS WITH AND EARN FEES OR COMMISSIONS 
FROM AFFILIATES OF THE GENERAL PARTNER OF THE FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO COMPANIES, 
AS WELL AS WITH OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS THAT MAY HAVE SIMILAR OR 
DIFFERENT INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AS THE FUND. 
EXAMPLES OF SUCH BUSINESS MAY 
INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION: PROVISION OF FINANCING OR INVESTMENT BANKING SERVICES; 
LENDING OR ARRANGING CREDIT; PROVISION OF PRIME BROKERAGE; AND PLACEMENT 
SERVICES. ACCORDINGLY, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD RECOGNIZE THAT CREDIT SUISSE'S 
Confidential Private Placement Memotandum 
Page Iv 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039258 
SDNY GM_00185442 
EFTA01354662

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354663.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
PARTICIPATION AS PLACEMENT AGENT FOR THE INTERESTS MAY BE INFLUENCED BY ITS 
INTEREST IN SUCH CURRENT OR FUTURE FEES AND COMMISSIONS, INCLUDING DIFFERENTIALS 
IN THE PLACEMENT FEES THAT ARE OFFERED BY OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS FOR 
WHICH CREDIT SUISSE ACTS AS PLACEMENT AGENT. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO BE 
AWARE THAT CERTAIN AFFILIATES OR EMPLOYEES OF CREDIT SUISSE MIGHT INVEST IN THE 
FUND ON THEIR OWN BEHALF AND/OR ON BEHALF OF THEIR CLIENTS. POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSIDER THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS IN MAKING THEIR INVESTMENT DECISIONS. 
BY INVESTING IN THE FUND, EACH RECIPIENT CONSENTS TO THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS AND 
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS ARE NOT MATERIAL TO SUCH RECIPIENT'S 
DECISION TO PROVIDE SUCH CONSENT. 
CREDIT SUISSE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY TAX ADVICE. ANY TAX STATEMENT HEREIN REGARDING 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL TAX IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED. BY 
ANY TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING ANY PENALTIES. ANY SUCH STATEMENT 
HEREIN WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE MARKETING OR PROMOTION OF THE TRANSACTION(S) 
OR MATTER(S) TO WHICH THE STATEMENT RELATES. EACH TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE 
BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX 
ADVISOR. 
NOTICE TO NEW HAMPSHIRE RESIDENTS 
NEITHER THE FACT THAT A REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN APPLICATION FOR A LICENSE HAS 
BEEN FILED UNDER CHAPTER 421-B OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE REVISED STATUTES ANNOTATED 
WITH THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE NOR THE FACT THAT A SECURITY IS EFFECTIVELY 
REGISTERED OR A PERSON IS LICENSED IN THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE CONSTITUTES A 
FINDING BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE THAT ANY DOCUMENT FILED UNDER RSA 421-B IS TRUE. 
COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. NEITHER ANY SUCH FACT NOR THE FACT THAT AN 
EXEMPTION OR EXCEPTION IS AVAILABLE FOR A SECURITY OR A TRANSACTION MEANS THAT 
THE SECRETARY OF STATE HAS PASSED IN ANY WAY UPON THE MERITS OR QUALIFICATIONS 
OF, OR RECOMMENDED OR GIVEN APPROVAL TO, ANY PERSON. SECURITY. OR TRANSACTION. IT 
IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE, OR CAUSE TO BE MADE, TO ANY PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER. 
CUSTOMER, OR CLIENT ANY REPRESENTATION INCONSISTENT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS 
PARAGRAPH.
NOTICE TO FLORIDA PURCHASERS 
PURCHASERS 
OF 
SECURITIES 
THAT 
ARE 
EXEMPTED 
FROM 
REGISTRATION 
BY 
SECTION 517.061(11) OF THE FLORIDA SECURITIES AND INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT HAVE THE 
RIGHT TO VOID THEIR PURCHASE WITHIN THREE (3) DAYS AFTER THE FIRST TENDER OF 
CONSIDERATION UNLESS SALES ARE MADE TO FEWER THAN FIVE (5) PURCHASERS IN FLORIDA. 
*DOLLARS" AND '5' REFER IN ALL CASES TO UNITED STATES DOLLARS. 
MARCH 2018 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page v 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039259 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185443 
EFTA01354663

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354664.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
CONTACT INFORMATION 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 802 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: carlo.pirzio-biroli©glendowercapital.com 
Email: josh.glaser©glendowercapital.com 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Michael J. Murphy 
Email: michaeltmurphy©credit-suisse.com 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page vi 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039260 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185444 
EFTA01354664

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354665.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Table of Contents 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Appendices 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering  
101 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
102 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
108 
Appendix 6 Directory 
111 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
112 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039261 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185445 
EFTA01354665

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354666.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039262 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185446 
EFTA01354666

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354667.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDLIS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Conlidenttal Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039263 
SDNY_GM_00185447 
EFTA01354667

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354668.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Executive Summary 
Overview 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (*SOF IN/' or the 'Fund') is being formed by Glendower Capital. 
LLP ("Glendower Capital', 'Glendower' or the 'Manager), an independent investment firm, privately held by its 
partners and focused on secondary private markets. Glendower was formed by the secondary opportunities team that 
spun-out from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1. 2017. 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in aggregate commitments with the aim of generating attractive risk-adjusted 
investment returns. principally in the form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding and disposition of a 
diverse portfolio of investments including large and mid-market buyout. growth capital, venture capital, special situations. 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities. real estate and infrastructure assets primarily on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, (I) the acquisition of interests in established generalist 
and specialist private equity fund structures (including funds of funds. feeder funds and other similar structures) on the 
secondary market (each such fund or structure, a "Fund Secondary and. together. 'Fund Secondaries'), (i) the 
acquisition of investment interests in private equity fund structures or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary 
market through bespoke liquidity solutions (each such investment interest, a "GP-led Secondary and, together. 'GP-led 
Secondaries"), and (iii) co-investments in individual portfolio companies alongside private equity kind sponsors (each 
such co-investment. a 'Single Asset Dear). 
SOF IV will be the fourth dedicated secondary fund led by Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith (the 'Managing 
Partners") and invested by Glendower Capital's team of investment professionals. 
As described in *History 
(immediately below), this will be the first dedicated secondary fund raised outside of Deutsche Asset Management by the 
Managing Partners and the Glendower SOF Team (as defined below) and managed by Glendower Capital. 
History 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith, Managing Partners of Glendower. co-founded Deutsche Asset Management's 
Secondary Opportunities Fund investment program (the 'SOF Business') in 2006 after having worked together from 
2003 to 2006 to restructure and wind down Deutsche Bank's E5.1 billion proprietary balance sheet private equity 
portfolio.' Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies (Partners of Glendower) and Francesco Rigamonti (Senior Advisor to 
Glendower) were pan of the team initially assembled by the Managing Partners in 2003 in London. The team was 
subsequently expanded to include Adam Graev and Joshua Glaser (Partners of Glendower) in 2007 and 2013, 
respectively, in New York, as well as certain junior professionals, to become the 'SOF Team' and, on and from August 1, 
2017. the "Glendower SOF Team".2 From 2006 to 2017 the Managing Partners led the SOF Team in establishing, 
fundraising and investing SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF III (collectively the "SOF Funds' or the "SOF Program') with 
aggregate commitments of US$3 billion. More specifically-
• 
SOF ,3 the initial SOF Program secondary fund that was formed in 2006 and held a final close in early 2007 with a 
US$565 million pool of commitments. 
■ SOF WI a top-up secondary fund that was formed in 2010 with a US$147 million pool of commitments. 
The Deutsche earir proprietary ontate equty restructuring took place between 2003 and 2006 Carlo Przio-flroi and Charles Smith played a role 
alongside ether Deutsche Bank colleagues in the transactions tnat contntuted to the deposition of Deutsche Bard(s proprietary prrvate equity portfolio 
Carlo Pao-Bock and Gnarls Smell were net involeed in an such transectcas and the efforts described n that Memorandum in respect of the 
proprietary private equity restructuring are attrantable to the whole Deitch° Bank team rather than my individual within it 
References to the 'Glendower SOF Teem' may also include ineestment poressioneas and ether persornel that are subsequently hied by the 
Manager 
SOF is a pool or capital dedtaled to the secondary market closed in 2007, which was structured through three separate investrneM vehicles C43 
Secondary Opparsmobes Fund A L P C8OF Al DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B. LP (SOF 'Inane DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C LP 
(SOF 
collecavely 'SOF 
DB Seconday Opportunities Rind D. L P (*SOF D'} ei a pod of capital dedicated to fix sect tarry Market CbStd in 2010 SOF D s a Euro 
denominated fund LISS values have been =waned to Euro3 et the September 33. 2017 rate of 1.1822 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039264 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165448 
EFTA01354668

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354669.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 1: Executive Sunvnary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
• 
SOF Il.e the second secondary fund that was formed in 2011 and held a final close in 2012 with a US$614 million 
pool of commitments. 
• 
SOF 111,6 the third secondary fund that held a single close in late 2014 with a US$1.654 billion pool of commitments. 
On August 1, 2017 all investment professionals and key operations professionals of the SOF Team spun-out and formed 
Glendower Capital to continue the secondary investment strategy developed at Deutsche Asset Management. As part of 
the spin-out, certain arrangements are in place between, inter aria. Deutsche Asset Management and Glendower Capital 
in order to provide operational continuity to the SOF Funds throughout their remaining term. 
Pursuant to these 
arrangements Glendower Capital will continue to provide investment advice and the Managing Partners will provide 
investment management services to Deutsche Asset Management with respect to the SOF Funds and assist Deutsche 
Asset Management with the day-to-day management and realization of the portfolio investments. Deutsche Asset 
Management will have no future role with Glendower Capital, other than in relation to the SOF Funds. 
As further disclosed in Appendix 5 (Important Performance InfomiatIon) any track record or other financial 
information in respect of the SOF Funds relates to the SOF Funds raised prior to the spin-out of Glendower 
Capital from Deutsche Asset Management. Accordingly, when considering the track record and other financial 
information contained herein, each prospective investor should have regard to the fact that other employees of 
Deutsche Asset Management who have not Joined Glendower Capital were involved in the investment 
committees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in respect of the Investments made 
by the SOF Funds.,
Investment Highlights 
The Manager believes that its market focus and strategic approach to transaction sourcing and disciplined investment 
process will generate high quality secondary private equity investment opportunities for the Fund 
Benefits of secondary market investing 
■ Capitalize on information asymmetries to re-price existing mature assets. 
■ Mitigate blind pool risk by focusing on mature portfolio assets and valuations. 
• 
Mitigate the J-curve due to a shorter duration of investments and earlier cash distnbutions. 
• 
Complement investors' portfolio construction by accelerating deployment of capital and providing diversified exposure 
across vintage (including older vintage years). strategy. industry and geography. 
Compelling investment opportunity 
■ The secondary market has transitioned from a cyclical distressed play to an institutionalized market where US$58 
billions was transacted in 2017 by a wide range of sellers, including pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, 
endowments and foundations, asset managers, financial institutions and family offices. 
• 
With US$125 billion of near-term capital available for investment (commonly referred to as 'dry powder') available for 
secondaries vs 2017 annual volume of US$58 billion, the supply-demand balance in the secondary market remains 
more favorable at 2.2x than other asset classes such as buyouts (3.7x).9
■ Secondary market pricing has normalized and remains stable at ca. 90% of Fair Market Value CFMV1 since 201010
within the range acceptable to both buyers and sellers leading to record secondary transaction volumes." 
Secondary Opponunmes Fund II. LP ('SOP 111 is a pool of captor dedicaged to the secondary market that held es tint closing en 2011 
Secondary Opportumbes Fund III. LP CSOF If) s a pod ot capcai dedcated to the secondary market that he'd es first and final closing in 2014 
Past performance is net a prolate of the future performance of SOF SOF D SOF II or SOF ill bit ,s included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF N wit achieve comparable results or that any target resorts will be achieved 
Source Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market I rends 8 Outlook. January 2018 
Source. Glendower Capital based on 2018 Precen Global Private Eguity 8 Venture CaptS Report. Ban & Company Global Pnvate aptly Report 2018 
and Greenhill Secondary Market Trends& Cutback January 2018 
source Greenhll Secondary Market Trends 8 Outlook January 2018 
Source, Glendower cams based on GreeFlhd Secondary Market Trends & Outlook January 2018 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039265 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165449 
EFTA01354669

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354670.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354670.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 1: Executive Surnrnery 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Bespoke liquidity solutions or GP-led Secondary deals, another key target area for the Fund, are an evolving and 
growing segment of the market. Today they represent just under 25%12 of the market and include spin-in/spin-outs, tail-
end funds (i.e., funds raised at least 10 years ago) restructuring, asset liquidations, and LP tenders. 
Distinctive investment strategy 
The Manager intends to replicate the consistent, distinctive investment strategy" pursued by the SOF Team (while at 
Deutsche Asset Management") in each of the SOF Funds. This strategy is built around five main pillars: 
■ A focus on less competitive transactions such as smaller US$5-100 million Fund Secondaries, US$100-250 million 
GP-led Secondaries and larger, more complex deals where the Glendower SOF Team has an angle. As of 
September 30, 2017. the SOF Funds had completed 82 transactions with an average deal size of US$40 million. 
■ Pursuing a selective. true value approach through bottom-up, in-depth fundamental analysis rather than deal 
structuring / leveraging. Positioned as a mid-sized alpha value investor vs larger levered beta players. the SOF 
Team has screened approximately 3.000 potential deals since 2007 valued at around US$400 billion in the aggregate 
and have transacted around 1% of this deal-flow by value. 
• 
Buying margin of safety and mitigating blind pool risk by purchasing mature fund interests at a discount to FMV. The 
SOF Team has historically purchased at an average 20% discount to FMV over 350 fund interests which were around 
80% funded and typically past their investment period at the time of purchase. t6 
■ Pursuing an efficient portfolio management approach. The SOF Team has historically (i) not utilized leverage at 
transaction level and horded at portfolio level. (ii) systematically implemented currency hedging to mitigate 50 to 60% 
of market volatility, (il) consistently diversified the SOF portfolios across a maximum of 30 to 40 transactions to 
mitigate over 90% of non-market deal risk. 
■ Pursuing a portfolio construction according to a barbell approach adjusted to market cycles. Since inception, the 
SOF Team has completed around 58% of its transactions in Fund Secondaries and 42% in GP-led Secondaries and 
Single Asset Dealsi6 adjusting to focus on the former during market corrections and on the latter during normalized 
market conditions. 
It is expected that the Fund will opportunistically pursue transactions in a broad range of private equity fund investments 
(including funds of kinds. feeder funds and other similar structures), portfolios of direct private equity assets. and co-
investments in individual assets alongside private equity sponsors where the Glendower SOF Team has an angle. More 
specifically: 
■ Informational advantage, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's relationships with over 180 Fund Sponsors" and 
its investments in more than 350 fund interests worldwide.'s 
• 
Relationship with sellers, by working directly with sellers to address their objectives, which often include non-
monetary factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction, and certainty of execution. 
• 
Opportunity to solve for complexity, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's transactional expertise to structure 
more complex transactions at a smaller size than other larger secondary funds. 
Source Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends a Outlook. January 2018 
Past performanoe is net a predrchon of the future perlormance d SOF. SOF D. SOF II or SOF ill but is included 10 demonstrate the track record ce the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOFA/vas where comparede results or that any target results will be achieved 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset Management the SOF Team were able to make tree of *tom personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that wit not be ay/dew to the Glendower SOF Teem in connection with the management and 
operation of S0F IV 
Source Glendower Capitals proprietary irgarnaeon 
Represents % d aggregate imested capital m the SOF Funds as of September 30. 201T Past polka* can't:won d the SOF Funds e not a 
prediction or tie Funds port, olo construchon 
Source. Glendower Capitals proprietary intormaecn 
Source Glendower capears proprietary irdormaocn 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039266 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165450 
EFTA01354670

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354671.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354671.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Established track record"• 2° 
As of September 30, 2017 the SOF Program has delivered a strong performance with aggregate gross performance 
since inception of 1.6x gross multiple and 28% IRR (Internal Rate of Return) and 1.5x TVPI (Total Value to Paid-in 
Capital), 0.9x DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital) and 23% Net IRR to investors. More specifically: 
• 
SOF (2006, US$565 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile performance in the 2006 vintage peer 
group. with 2.1x gross multiple and 29% gross IRR and a 1.8x TVPI, 1.8x DPI and 22% Net IRR. 
• 
SOF D (2010, US$147 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile performance with a 3.0x gross multiple 
and 37% gross IRR and a 2.3x TVPI, 2.1x DPI and 29% Net IRR. 
■ SOF II (2011, USS614 million, in maturing stage) has generated top quartile performance with a 1.7x gross multiple 
and 23% gross IRR and a 1.5x TVPI, 1.2x DPI and a 20% Net IRR. 
■ SOF III (2014, USS1,654 billion, in early stage — completing investment period) has generated top quartile 
performance with a 1.4x gross multiple and 31% gross IRR and a 1.3x TVPI. 0.3x DPI and 30% Net IRR. 
Experienced, independent team dedicated to secondaries 
• 
Newly established, independent firm wholly owned by its Partners. 
■ Glendower Capital acts as adviser and sub•delegated manager to the SOF Funds. generating meaningful fee income 
for Glendower Capital 
■ Privately owned by its partners who worked together for 15 years$' before spinning-out from Deutsche Asset 
Management in 2017. 
■ London and New York offices with established operational. integrated, self-contained processes developed by the 
SOF Team over 10 years. 
• 
Seasoned international 23-strong team (16 investment professionals with a 12-year average of relevant experience) 
targeted to grow to 26-28 by mid 2018. 
• 
Extensive database and relationships having invested around USS3 billion in over 350 fund interests in more than 80 
deals and having screened thousands of funds over 10 years.22
• 
Unique sell-side experience, having participated in the restructuring of Deutsche Bank's €5.1 billion proprietary 
private equity portfolio from 2003 to 2006.21
Disciplined and selective investment process 
• 
Targets attractive risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after all fees. expenses and carried interest) on a 
portfolio-wide basis.24
Source, 
Cambridge Associates Secondaries Satchels* stabiles as of September 30. 2017 This information reflects a companson of the 
performance of the SOF Funds against one benchmark only SOF Funds' performance may differ when cornered to Other benchmark data. 
Performance of the SOF Finds s not included in the data set used to catiate the benchmark data Please refer to Section 2. Exhibit 2 for ruttier 
information 
The performance figures have not been rained and are based on the unawake(' aggregated performance results of SOF. SOF 0 and SOF H and SOF 
Ill. collecOvely the SOF Funds. as of September X. 2017 and should be read and reviewed ri conjunction vnth Appendix 5: Important Performance 
intimation welch sets lath. amongst other things. Bromism information regaling the performance described above 
Further. note that the 
calculation methodology selected to Would. Net RR in reaper:tame SOF Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds use of subscription line niceties 
The SOF Funds use (and SOP ry • expected to use) such realities to manage capes drawrkwns as described in 'Dawes:mins and use of 
subscription line faciiiun: in Salon 7: RAW Factors. The SOF Funds- performance data is rot expected to be reixesertative of the investment 
returns that will be expenenced by investors in the Fund Gross returns are gross o fees. expenses and carried interest whch are not charged at the 
investment level Investors should consult with their own a*isors as to the appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information Past 
performance of the SOF Funds is net a prediction of their future performance or that ci the Fund 
Carlo Pato-Buck Charles Smith. Ch airing and Deirdre Davies have worked together since 2003 Adam Greer became part of the SOF Team in 
2607 and Joshua Glaser in 2013 
rt 
Source Glendower Captors proprietary information 
The Deutsche Bark proprietary private equty restructunng took pace between X03 and 2006 Charles Smith and Carlo Pirtioaroli played a rote 
alongside ether Deutsche Bank cdleagues in the transactions that comnbuted to the dispassion of Deutsche Bank's proprietary pnvate equity pordobo 
Charles Smith and Carlo Pirao.Broli were not invoked in all such transactions and the efforts described In Mrs Memorandum in respect of the 
proprietary private ochry restructunng are attributable to the whole Deutsche Bark team rather than any inssdu• within it 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve is investment obsectom or as target return 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039267 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165451 
EFTA01354671

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354672.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
• 
Leverages informational advantage from relationships with over 180 Fund Sponsors.25
• 
Conducts a rigorous value driven. asset-by-asset, bottom-up analysis focused on: 
— 
Operational. financial and market risk analysis for each underlying portfolio company
— 
Cash flow analysis at portfolio level 
— 
Review of fund and portfolio company management 
— 
Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns 
— 
Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity 
• 
Identifies investment opportunities where there is an alignment of interest between the Fund Sponsor arid its 
investors and the majority of value is in identifiable, attractive assets with reasonable leverage and attractive *see 
through" entry multiple at secondary pricing. 
Strong alignment of interests 
The interests of the Glendower SOF Team will be strongly aligned with the investors in the Fund: 
• 
The senior members of Glendower Capital intend to commit a minimum of 1.0% of the Fund. 
• 
The partners and professionals of Glendower Capital will be entitled to receive all the Carried Interest generated by 
the Fund. 
• 
The Investment Committee of the Fund will consist solely of individuals from Glendower Capital. 
• 
Deutsche Bank will not be involved in the management of SOF IV. or any future funds managed or advised by 
Glendower Capital. Accordingly. Deutsche Bank will not receive any carried interest or general partners share (or 
the equivalent thereof) generated by SOF IV. 
The key terms of the Fund are highlighted in Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms and set out in more detail in 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions. Certain risks and potential conflicts of interest associated with the Fund 
are highlighted in Section 7: Risk Factors and Section 8: Conflicts of Interests which Investors should consider carefully. 
Source. Glendower Capita s proprietary inlormean 
Tote extent that sod) information s avarrate 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039268 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185452 
EFTA01354672

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354673.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354673.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039269 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185453 
EFTA01354673

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354674.pdf
----------------------------------------
G1.01_15125 Gerald Ford 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Investment Performance 
Secondaries Performance Highlights 
The Glendower SOF Team has delivered strong buyout-like returns27 to investors in the SOF Funds with an attractive 
risk profile, early cash flows, and negligible loss ratio. The performance of the SOF Funds in terms of the key closed-end 
funds metrics such as Net IRR, TVPI, and DPI is strong in absolute terms, compares favorably with its peers and shows 
strong consistency across fund vintages.28
Through September 30. 2017. the SOF Program had invested29 US$3.3 billion in 82 transactions resulting in distributions 
of over USS1.8 billion and had generated a 1.5x Net Multiple and a 23% Net IRR to investors. The mature funds in the 
SOF Program (SOF, SOF D, and SOF II) had generated a 1.7x Net Multiple and over 20% Net IRR. 
Exhibit 1: Performance of SOF Funds as of September 30, 2017" 3I
" 
Fuld 
SOF 
SOFO 
SOF B 
SOF • 
Toted 
Voltage 
2036 
2010 
2011 
2014 
(06ceropmeM stage) 
(naniesnng) 
(haryNarg) 
(creakinno 
tee/ stage) 
Fund size 
L65565m 
LOSS147m 
US3614m 
USSI.E54m 
US52.980m 
Transactons. funds comperes s 
21/154/1,774 
It 28/ 193 
29i 75i737 
35/149/2.837 
Gossmutt-0e 
21x 
Ca 
17x 
14x 
161 
Gross IRR 
29% 
37% 
23% 
31% 
28% 
flatmate's (WPM 
1.tx 
2.3x 
1.5x 
1.3x 
1.Sx 
Net distributed (OFF) 
tax 
2.1x 
1.2x 
Lk 
0.9x 
NotIRR 
22% 
29% 
20% 
30% 
23% 
Peak net centriti.ted °dotal 
26% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
For dem- en purposes only. Source Glendower Captor based on Prow benchmark data for the median 1VPI and Net RR achieved by buyout 
funds Ice vintages of 1997 to 2017 Average buyout TVPI = 159x Average Net RR = 155% Data as of September 30 2017 
Fot further 
benchrnarlong VI Glendower Canted lo tuyoul returns. Pease refer to Exhibit 3 
Pau performance is not a peocicil of the future performance of r-iF SOF D SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glawkwee SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or that any target results wall be achieved 
'Invested is dens as the sum et me purchase aloe and remaining unfunded otilgaton as of the time of dosng. or tore of expected closing for 
pending deals 
The performance figures have net teen audited and should be read and reinsured in comuncton with Aprendo 5 Important Pertonnance ;Mon-Paton 
ithiCh sets forth amongst other thngs important nfamation regarcing me performance described above The SCF Funds' performance data is net 
expected to be representente of the investment returns that wil to expenenced by investors in the Fund Past performance at the SOF Funds is not a 
prediction of future performance Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVirio Portfolio - a viol dverodoed ;edict* cr 28 prwate equity kinds 
purchased through an SPV. provida+ exposure to buyout spec.al situations, venture capital and real estate strategies in North America, Europe and 
Asa The number or funds and companes is an estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at dosing and may include sane double ccunbng 
TVPI = Taal Value to Paid in Capital. DPI = Dstrituttons to Pad in Capital RR = Internal Rate or Return 
SOF D rs a Euro denominated fund US$ valued have been converted at September 30 2017 EURAJS$ rate or 1 1822 
Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVino Port/olfo - insert diversffied portfolio of 28 ethane equity funds purchased through an SPV prcrodng 
exposure to buyout. specal srtuations venture caps: and real estate sumeges in North Amenca. Europe and ASIA The number or funds and 
companies is a best estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing and may include sorne decide counting. 
TVPI = Taal Value to Paid in capital. DPI = Dssitutons to Pad in Capital. IRR = Internal Rate ot Return 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039270 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185454 
EFTA01354674

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354675.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354675.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund ft/, LP 
In Exhibit 2 each of SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against its vintage peer group reported in the 
Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics (September 30, 2017). The SOF Funds present comparatively 
strong Net IRR. DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 2: SOF Funds performance versus Cambridge Associates Secondary Fund Benchmark 
" 
37
Secondary funds: Net IRR to limited partners 
Secondary funds: Net multiple to limited partners 
SO% 
ASS 
1011 
'S. 
• CIpaa Coat 
low ad.,* 
• Wax,
sac 
nes 
SO, ric 
Wit 
2* 
10% 
BCC 
a 
sots 
t 
i 
I IS. 
2044. 
. 
20v. 
iers 
• 
• ; 
S 
I 
t
t
I le 
05. 
51, 
sr 
60. 
Iva I SC 
DPI • I it, 
01, 
•• 
II 
$5 
/6 
s 0 
tint t n 
Dm. w 
SO; 
:TI: I I, 
Dr e1111, 
iVAr I3. 
OPI • 0 
I .
or 
of 
to 
show On 
maw mot r SOF Ws CF4 
SCF tea RYPI 
In Exhibit 3. each of SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against its vintage group of top quartile buyout 
funds reported in the Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. Again, the SOF 
Funds present comparatively strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 3: Buyout•hke returns with a secondary risk profiles 
•• 
0'4 
Xdf. 
PA 1,A Ain .R0 .ani alt A" or) 
I 
Wee 
C. 
• 
it••• 
latter 
4.1 
a% 1 
• 
COFD 
X•P 
% I
an. 
• 
its J 
• 
3C0 
*y e
f• 
LOP 4 
es 1so: sot 
art 
Some: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Sendimaik statistics as of September 30 2017 SOF Funds are shown benchmarked against their 
Waage year peer gray SOF and SOF 0 performance is it< included in the data se teed to calculate the tendvnark data Note that the performance 
Wee in reaped d SCF and SOF D have not been audited and sliCuld be read and reviewed in COnitettai Will Amender 5 !ovarian' ParlonnanCe 
Intamatton Past pedamance of SOF Fulls 6 not a predation of future performance. 
Information presented n Exhibt 21s based at the moulted results ol SOF, SOF D. SOF II and SOF III as of September 30. 2017 
Past performance is rat a OfeCktICO of the future performance of SOF, SOF D. SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record or the 
Genders SOF Team There can be no aesurance that SOF fit win achieve combated° results or that any target resultswill be acheved 
DPI = Cwarlaulens to Paid-In Capital. RVOI = Residual Value to Paelan Capful. TVPI = Total Value to Paidan Capital 
Source' Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. The in:dna/an reflects a comps icon of SOF. SOF D. SOF HS 
SOF HI performance against one benchmark only Past performance 6 not a prediction ol the !awe performance of SOF. SOF D, SOF II. SOF III or 
any other Glendower fads dnd there can be no assurance that SOF rtr will achieve compared° resifts or that any target results will be achieved. but 
is included to demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team IMormatcc presented in this chart is based on the unaudted Krauts d SOF. 
SOF a 9CF 11 and SOF III as of Seaembet 30.2017 and should be read and reviewed in COnpriCt•On and *band be lead and IC•aa•Cd in conjunction 
with Appendix 5 
I tripatant Pet nine Intrination %trial sets forth amongst other throe important mfamalion regarding the performance 
dowsed above 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039271 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185455 
EFTA01354675

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354676.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354676.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 4, each of SOF. SOF II and SOF III is compared against each other. 
The SOF Funds, each of a different size, raised in a different vintage and invested across diverse economic cycles, show 
strong consistency in terms of Net Contributed Capital. Net IRR, TVPI and DPI development. All funds peak below 50% 
in terms of Net Contributed Capital at around 16 quarters from inception. Net IRR. initially artificially high, levels off over 
time and converges at around 20% after 20 quarters. Capital tends to be returned in around 24 quarters. or 6 years. 
Lastly. TVPI tends to converge to the 1.65 - 1.65x range by the time funds are liquidated. The similar profiles exhibited 
below are ascribed to the consistency of the investment strategy which the Glendower SOF Team has adhered to since 
2006.39
Exhibit 4: Consistency of SOF Funds performance10
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
— • • , 
DPI (Distributed to Paid4n Capital) 
Net IRR 
an t. 
-f-
4% 
te • 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid4n Capital) 
Past pertomiance is not a Predet011 of future performance and therefore there can be no assurance that the Fund will weave comparable results or 
that any target results we be adueved 
Net Contributed Capital as % Fund Sze. Net IRR Deer:I.:lament TVPI (Total Value to Patd in Capital). CPI (Orstebrsions b Paid-in Capital). as or 
September 30. 2017 Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited performance results of SOF. SOF II and SOF III as of 
September 30. 2017 and should be read and reviewed in coriunctim with Appends 5. Inriffent Podonnanoe inkomafico Mich sets forth among 
other tNngs impotent inform/Aron regarding the performance 'Somalian described in Exhibit 4 Pest performance is noise...doctor of future returns 
and Owe can be no assurance that SCF rV will achieve comparable results cr tut any target resale will be *Oilseed Performance information on 
SOF 0 has not bee included on the slide because SOF CI is a single transaction ftcp.up fund raised in 201010 urdemma pm-passu tlhe DaVinci 
transaction with SOF GiefldONVISt WS not expect that sinular vansacbons wi be available so 939 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039272 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185456 
EFTA01354676

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354677.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Scotian 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Lastly, in Exhibit 5 the SOF Program is compared against public market indexes including the MCSI World Index. Russell 
2000 Index and the Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index. In all cases, each of SOF. SOF D, SOF II and SOF 
III compares favorably to public markets. 
Exhibit 5: SOF Program compares favorably to public markets'. 
40% 
35% 
IMA 
25% 
re 
tX 20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
22% 
SOF tZTAI 
(SOF Or:Dien 
eDF III3311) 
See le t.1014) 
•GleMower Net IRR 
MSC; wane 
Rusee2 2000 
a Thornton Reuters 
ax 
acs Proven 
MCSI Wodd Index and Russet) 2000 index returns are based on total return Thomson Reuters Private Equty Buyout Index recums ace based on force 
These benchmark indices do not represent an appropriate benchmark tocompare a Glendower irmistor's performance. bU rather is dsclosed solely to 
allow For canpanson 10 that el certain well.known and iredely recognized indices Melhoderogy The Long Nickels method has teen used to calculate 
the PMEs Net cash flows tor the SOF Funds are replicated in each index For example. 0) when eagle/ * drawn horn an investor an equvalort 
amount is nested in the index on !hes:ceche date and 00 when capital is dstributed to an investor. capital rs twithdremint from the index on the same 
dale A Pleven:al terminal value is generated based on the growth of the total ndex Net RR rs calculated using the *nohow* '40u:fed In the tridex 
and the theoretical terevnal value Recaeable chstrOLttos have been treated Leong the *all wi method' 
Confidential Prrvate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039273 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185457 
EFTA01354677

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354678.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039274 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185458 
EFTA01354678

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354679.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Summary of Principal Terms 
The following is a summary of the terms and conditions of an investment in the Fund. This summary should be read in 
conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Summary of Terms and Conditions. Risk Factors and 
Conflicts of Interest contained in Section 6. Section 7 and Section 8, respectively, of this Memorandum, the Fund 
Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of Interests, all of which are available upon 
request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment decision. 
Fund Name 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
Investment Strategy 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive, risk adjusted investment returns, principally in 
the form of capital appreciation. through the acquisition of a diverse portfolio of private 
equity assets on the secondary market. 
Target Size 
US$1 75 billion. 
Minimum Commitment 
US$5 million. 
Fund Structure 
English private fund limited partnership. 
Manager 
Glendower Capital. LLP, which is authorized and regulated in the UK by the FCA. The 
Manager will appoint its affiliate. Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, to provide investment 
advice to the Manager in connection with the investment management of the Fund. 
Term 
years from the date of the last closing of the Fund (expected to take place no later than 
months after the First Closing), with up to five one-year extensions. 
Investment Period 
years from the last closing of the Fund. 
Target First Closing 
As soon as practicable. 
General Partner's Share 
The General Partner will receive from the Fund an annual profit share as follows: 
during the Investment Period. 1.25% per annum of aggregate Commitments: 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period. 1.00% per 
annum of Invested Capital; 
(Xi) 
for each successive year thereafter, the greater of 90% of the annual profit share 
for the immediately preceding year and 0.25% per annum of aggregate Invested 
Capital. 
Distributions and 
Preferred return: 8%. 
Carried Interest 
Carried interest: 12.5% with a 100% catch-up. 
Clay/back 
Yes. 
Organizational Expenses The Fund will bear up to US$2 5 million 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039275 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185459 
EFTA01354679

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354680.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039276 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185460 
EFTA01354680

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354681.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondaiy Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondaiy Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
S0F IV is being established by Glendower Capital as the successor And to the S0F Funds to pursue the same 
investment strategy as the S0F Funds in the secondary market and will follow processes established by the Glendower 
S0F Team in the S0F Program.42
Investment Strategy 
In line with the focused and disciplined investment strategy that has generated strong returns in the S0F Funds to date.43
the Fund will target the acquisition, holding and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine and distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally. but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, three types of investment: 
1. 
Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in existing private equity funds: 
2. 
GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than traditional Fund Secondaries, and include 
spin-in/spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset liquidations and LP tenders; and 
3. 
Single Asset Deals into individual private equity comparies, either at the time of the original acquisition, or later 
from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
The Manager will primarily allocate capital between these three strategies depending on its assessment of the relative 
attractiveness of the transactions available at any point in time. During the Investment Period the relative weightings of 
each of the three strategies may vary as the Manager's assessment of their relative attractiveness changes. 
The Fund will focus on smaller Fund Secondaries of USS5 million to US$100 million sourced from a mix of small 
institutions, family offices and private investors coupled with the opportunistic pursuit of larger transactions sourced from 
financial institutions, corporate and alternative funds. This will, in the Managers view, enable the Manager to select the 
most attractive investment opportunities on a global basis. 
The Fund will target GP-led Secondaries of US$100 million to US$250 million, focusing on kinds with attractive assets 
managed by fundamentally sound managers who have 'hit a bump in the road,' or have investors who have lost patience 
or changed strategy and are therefore looking for liquidity. The Manager believes it will be one of few Managers who 
have the capabilities to execute such transactions at this size range - most Managers target larger transactions to justify 
the higher level of resources necessary to execute GP-led Secondaries. 
The Fund will opportunistically invest into Single Asset Deals where the Manager believes it has identified a situation 
where its capital can add value to the transaction or help unlock a situation. 
In addition to the three strategies described above. the Fund will have the ability to allocate up to 15% of aggregate 
commitments to select primary fund investments and other opportunities to invest in funds where less than 50% of 
aggregate capital commitments of the relevant fund have been drawn down. 
The Fund will target attractive, risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after fees, expenses and carried interest) 
on a portfolio basis." 
Prcesectlas investors should note that while et Deutsche Asset Management. the S0F Team was able to mike use of careform personnel and 
resources in connection with the S0F Program that via not be available to the Glendower S0F learn in connection wah the maregement and 
operation ad SOF IV 
Past performance of the SCE Finds is not a preochon or future performance el either the S0F Funds or the Fund Actual returns on unrealized 
inveetmems may URI& mace ally from returns imitated herein 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve as armament objective or its target return 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039277 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185461 
EFTA01354681

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354682.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Manager believes it will be able to source less intermediated deal flow and work directly with sellers to address their 
objectives. which often include non-monetary factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction and certainty of 
execution. 
Differentiated Sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team maintains an extensive network of relationships and referral sources amongst fund investors. 
fund sponsors, managers, portfolio companies, intermediaries/placement agents. investment banks and other 
counterparties in the financial industry which they can leverage to source proprietary, less intermediated, deal flow. 
The Manager believes that its global sourcing approach is critical to achieving attractive risk-adjusted returns for the 
Fund by allocating capital to what the Manager considers to be the best investment opportunities on a global basis. 
Since inception, the SOF Program has benefitted from a diversified pool of sellers as well as assets. More specifically: 
■ The secondary investments represented in the SOF Funds are comprised of assets located in (by fair market value) 
North America 47%, Europe 47%. Asia and Pacific 3% and the rest of the world 4%.45
• 
Sellers of the assets purchased by the SOF Funds were located in (by value) North America 43%, Western Europe 
55% and the rest of the world 3%.0
The Manager expects to leverage non-monetary factors. such as confidentiality, trust, speed and certainty of execution. 
In Glendower's experience, these factors become particularly relevant to sellers in distressed financial conditions or who 
are keen to mitigate execution risk in rapidly changing markets. In sourcing transactions for the Fund, the Manager 
expects the Glendower SOF Team to focus on sellers who ascribe value to non-monetary factors that the Fund may be 
in a position to offer. 
Exhibit 6: Established and disciplined sourcing and deal selection process. A wide funnel and a narrow filter:" 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs. LPs. Pennon/ Board members 
• Close print. banker; reboonsbps DB 
vVt ita Management, Raymond betas. 
Alex Brom 
Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Preachy top-dovm approach 
• Engage mrect* veal potenter seier 
wove's* tanks. Insurance convenes 
Pensonfunds 
• 0rMne-snelf prong forcbsely mannered 
library of >100funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantrelfolkiwon deal tow 
subsequent to fro transaction 
—3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, faro US$400bn 
eVtLIPt
:tit t ea. tote 
• 
COO tar:POSPWri. OKr :0 OSA 
..SCIU,
;•4tiaMd 
'PIG IPS:21 citSPSY 
• Wir-4.1.w., a V.1.00,1 Os PE t+.•nnttr7 unf,:;.•
F Rena 
Firers 
Finals 
Transacted 
Wafts: mom 
c.100taMactrorra 
Sauce. Glendower Capital orcpnetary information Data as of September 33. 2017. 
Source. Glendower CaPital proprietary informaton Data as of September 30. 2017. 
Source Glendower Capital proprietary ireormaton Data es of March 19, 2018. 
Diu: paled dgi.tpck el rttletwatIng m tin • 
talk: stet! t.eante45CF Lpt 
• ni44 kr0le41. tOtCOM40
L'Nu CIP-restrurhoirnard %noel! enienefQ,
• 
•••••• lave "1 .trte: 
Confidential Prorate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185482 
DB-SDNY-0039278 
EFTA01354682

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354683.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors 
The Manager believes that secondary investments can form an important element of a diversified private equity portfolio: 
• 
Secondaries complement investment portfolio construction: a secondary investment program can be designed to 
complement a primary investment program by filling the gaps in an investors investment portfolio and providing 
exposure to older vintages or different strategies or geographies. 
• 
Secondaries provide the opportunity to pursue an attractive risk-reward profile. 
Exhibit 7: Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors1B 
h 000 
1,400 
Pricing 
ILO tolity 
Re-plCe touSbn2 keeled asses 
- Capitalise on pnong inefficiencies 
Mtgale Blind 
Flora Risk 
Mitigate 
..t-Curve 
COITIDIOMent 
Portfolio 
Construction 
Knowedge oe existing en:leafing companies 
Mature assets typically ydfd more predictatle cash 
Coin 
- Shorter duraton of invastments 
- 
Earlier cash ChStntchOnS 
Accelerate deployment of capital 
Prose:les beck-seasoned thersrfied exposure 
across wear strategy incustry and recce" 
1200 
1000 
300 
a00i
400 
200 
dope 
voo) 
coo .1
t' 
ID 
Veen 
.. ... ... ... - 
- 
Ceassibessreesgentsches 
Ces-boosi 
........Ccosistse..4.2, 
More specifically, the Manager believes that secondary investments offer the potential for an attractive risk-reward profile 
due to: 
• 
Pricing flexibility: capacity to re-price existing assets to reflect current performance and economic environment and to 
opportunistically target price inefficiencies resulting from market dislocation and supply-demand imbalances in the 
private equity market. 
• 
Mitigation of blind pool risk: a secondary manager is typically able to analyze existing assets and will therefore have 
greater visibility on cash-flows. 
• 
Mitigation of J-curve effect: typically secondary investments are drawn down more quickly and return capital more 
quickly than primary funds and therefore suffer less from the J-curve effect. 
Secondary Market Investment Opportunity 
Introduction 
Fundamentally, private equity assets — when held through funds, funds of funds, feeder funds or other similar holding 
structures - are illiquid investments with long holding periods (typically 10 to 12 years for fund interests) during which 
time investors have no, or limited, rights to liquidity and investors receive limited information about the performance of 
the underlying portfolio companies. M investor in such a structure that requires liquidity prior to the sale of the 
underlying assets by the fund has limited alternatives to selling the interest on the secondary market. 
A range of dynamics in the private equity industry, such as an evolving regulatory environment, ongoing limited partner 
portfolio management becoming standard and a rising number of GP-led Secondaries, can create attractive opportunities 
to purchase private equity assets on a secondary basis. 
TM Inlomlaticn is for 0020‘010021 DISDOSet The °doh is en exam$e fee austratnre purposes and the actual cash new profile of any given investment 
may vary sutstantally 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039279 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185463 
EFTA01354683

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354684.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Secondary market overview 
The secondary private equity market has expanded and evolved dramatically over the last two decades. The market is 
large, dynamic and acknowledged by private equity firms and limited partners alike as a liquidity enabler for private 
equity investors globally. In its early years, the secondary market was typically a much more niche market and limited to 
the sale and purchase of limited partnership interests in private equity funds. Today, the market has expanded to include 
bespoke liquidity solutions such as LP tenders. GP recapitalizations and structured and hybrid transactions. At the same 
time. the global private equity market has increased significantly to US$2.8 trillion.49 The expansion of secondary 
solutions and a large, growing primary private equity market have propelled the secondary market to record volumes in 
recent years. 
Over the previous three years the secondary market has consistently transacted an average of US$40 billion a year and 
in 2017 showed another significant jump in volume to US$58 billion.5° Glendower believes that the record volumes are 
being driven primarily by: (i) increases in the number of transactions, and OD a greater number of small to medium-sized 
deals transacted by a diverse set of participants. Glendower expects that many of the critical drivers of volumes over the 
last few years, such as the growth of GP4ed Secondaries and active portfolio management by investors, will continue to 
underpin the secondary market and represent mainstay sources of supply in this dynamic market. 
Glendower believes that the fundamental drivers of supply remain intact and future market activity will be driven by a 
number of factors, including a stable pricing environment, continued prominence of GP-led Secondaries and healthy 
buyer demand. Active portfolio management via LP portfolio sales represented the majority of market volumes in 2017 
and this trend should continue with sellers actively engaging in the market for a variety of reasons, including: (i) change 
in strategy, (ii) portfolio diversification, (iii) liquidity issues and (iv) tax planning. GP-led Secondaries now account for a 
significant amount of volume in the secondary market and contributed US$14 billions, in 2017 (24% of total volume). 
Glendower expects this once-emerging trend to now be a steady source of supply as transaction structures and market 
participants continue to evolve and mature. 
Exhibit 8: PE Secondary Market Volumes 2006 - 201752
uSta 
co 
9) 
JD 
■ 
ZOOS 
2007 
2003 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2O15 
MI6 
2017 
OP-led S440.156I 
• Fund Soxotibry 
The volume of private equity assets has grown significantly as more investors have entered the asset class, eiOsting 
investors have increased allocations to private equity and larger commitments of capital have been made to increasingly 
larger investment funds. According to Preqin, the global private equity AUM in 1H17 amounts to US$2.8 trillion of which 
Source 2018 Preon Global Private EqutyS Venture Captal Report 
Source. Creenhll Secondary Piton° Trends 8 Analyse, January 2018. 
Greenhill Secondary Pnang Trends 8 Analysis. January 2018 
Glendower Capes' ailitra$ based en Greenhd Secondary Market Trends & 0telook January 2018. Greenhd GP Solutions Discussion Matenals. May 
2017, and Dow Jones Private EcsirtyAnslyet Glide lo Secondary Market June 2017 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039280 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185464 
EFTA01354684

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354685.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
the NAV represents US$1.8 trillion and unfunded amounts to US$1.0 trillion. The growth of the primary private equity 
market together with an increased propensity to trade will be the two key drivers of the continued growth of the 
secondary market as a derivative of the primary market. 
Exhibit 9: Total PE assets have risen to USS2.8 trillion53 
Exhibit 10: Annual Secondary volumes now 1-2% of total 
PEsO 
Leith 
).000 
2.500 
503 
:
. 11111R 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
• weernsea ocoldo v4144 
DH powder 
2% - 
0% - 
1a% 
16% • 
14% 
12% 
10% 
0e% 
06% 
04% 
02% 
. 
3207 306 2039 3310 3311 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
•-
M% et MN PE mat 
Secondary market pricing — stable and driven by rational participants 
Pricing in the Secondary market is a key factor that sellers consider when evaluating a decision to potentially transact. In 
2017, the average headline high bid across all strategies remained strong at 93% of NAV.55 While pricing increased 
slightly from the prior year, a closer review of pricing data revealed that younger funds with available dry powder received 
stronger pricing. Tail-end funds typically have few remaining unrealized assets with little projected uplift in value. This 
results in wider discounts than kinds of more recent vintages whose assets still have potential for growth. 
While overall buyout funds traded at 99% of NAV in 2017 (skewed positively by high demand for more recent vintage 
hinds), other funds. and one-off transactions (i.e., smaller portfolio deals without structure) traded at significantly larger 
discounts. There is an even greater price gap for perceived 'out-of-favor funds and lower-quality managers. It is 
Glendower's opinion that staying focused on bottom-up fund and asset selection, often resulting in acquiring one or only 
a few funds from a given seller. may result in the ability to generate stronger performance than larger portfolio purchases. 
The Manager believes that buying a large diversified portfolio in an auction, with the use of significant leverage and/or 
transaction structuring, is effectively purchasing a levered private equity index with diminished ability to generate alpha. 
It is important to note that while the Greenhill data of headline pricing captures bids received by sellers. it does not 
necessarily mean that most funds trade in the 90% range of NAV. The aggregate pricing data masks the broadening 
spread of discounts paid in the underlying deals which can be skewed by a number of factors, including large portfolio 
trades that often achieve strong pricing. 
It is also worthwhile to note that the pricing data is as of the Record Date,56 and does not factor in transaction structuring. 
2018 Preen Global Private Equity 8 Venture Capital Repon 
Glendower Captal based on 2018 Preen Global Prwite Equity 8 Venture Capital Report, Greenhill Secondary Market Denis & outlook January 
2018, and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Gude to the Secondary Market June 2011 
Greenne Secondary Market Trends 8 OuteC4( January 2016 
Private equity Iunds typically report information to thee uwestors included the net asset value of than awed:men', on a quaiteily ban Secondary 
market transaacns are typically arced with reference to the net asset value of an LP interest es 04 a scecitc reporting date, the 'Record Dote' 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039281 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185465 
EFTA01354685

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354686.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund fV. LP 
cash flows between signing and closing and mark-to-market pricing - which taken together often result in higher effective 
discounts at closing for buyers. 
Exhibit 11: Secondary Market Pricing (2005 - 2017)" 
- 
CIVOISMONIas!•.200S ind 3307 
"Plimale re; a war Own; coays 
awo WW1/4f of ho nab; 
rh,tamvicines dasela 
Yhe0 
Mcc1 WnV  LP me.wras 
NV. 
2006 
20GY 
2t 
20:11 
2010 
Nil 
2012 
Mt) 
20U 
2015 
20Sti 
2017 
Seccrtitry rut,* van 
••••••Setand•ty Make Frialg 
Pence "at rn txmalcsd 
; wty, $0.9%1 
Secondary market pricing has rebounded from the high discounts and low volumes of 2009 to remain stable at around 
10% discount to NAV from 2014 to date. The Manager believes that the secondary market transacts in a healthy manner 
when headline pricing to the seller is in the 10% to 20% discount to reference date NAV range. For example, in 2009 
secondary volumes were wry low because the high discount (to already low net asset values) being demanded by 
buyers did not match seller expectations, even those sellers in a certain amount of distress. From 2010 to today, 
secondary market pricing has recovered to within a transactable range, resulting in a more robust market. 
Glendower CDS.' analysis and estimates based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends 8 Outlook January 2018. Cogent Fanners Sewn:WY Market 
Trends 8 Outlook. July 2014, Cogent Partners Secondary Market Vpdate. Mardi 2009. and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Gude to the Secondary 
Market, June 2017 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039282 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185466 
EFTA01354686

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354687.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Secondary market supply/demand remains balanced 
Glendower believes that the secondary market supply I demand is balanced with an active set of both buyers and sellers. 
Greenhill estimates the available dry powder in the Secondary market at ca. US$125 billion. If compared with 2017 
annual volume of US$58 billion, this represents a 2.2x ratio: Glendower believes that this represents a reasonable 
supply/demand balance of approximately two years of deal flow at current market volumes. a more favorable balance 
than in comparison to traditional private equity. 
Exhibit 12: Strong Secondary Capita! supply/' 
Exhibit 13: Dry powder/deal volume remains balanced" 
udder, 
140 • 
120 • 
100 
ea 
SO 
OlondowerCeptaissamassvw 
22' 
ww.eion, bour•.7 
masb•rod.ptY/ n Settrdanos 
se 
Dry 110•047 
Annual oesivoune 
1.1550.1 
700 
600 
500 
400 
300 
200 
100 
Pow. 
• 0.i.71...57 
• 
Buyoul 
Seccntbsne• 
Glendower believes the increase in absolute dry powder in the secondary market over the last few years has led some 
buyers - in an attempt to keep pace with capital deployment desires - to modify their investment discipline. Glendower 
emphasizes rigorous asset selection and has historically maintained a very disciplined approach in its opportunity 
selection, transacting approximately 1W°  of total transaction volume by value since inception. 
Diverse and growing seller universe 
Seller composition in 2017 was highly diverse, with no institutional category accounting for more than a quarter of total 
deals by number. According to Greenhill, all types of sellers participated in the secondary market in the first half of the 
year. This reflects the evolution of the secondary market which now represents an efficient portfolio management tool 
that is used by market participants to strategically rebalance private equity portfolios. The varied seller make-up contrasts 
to the past where volumes were concentrated in financial institutions and pension plans. Glendower expects selling 
activity to remain broad-based with particular strength from (i) GPs, (ii) public pensions. and (iii) funds-of-funds as they 
continuously rebalance their portfolios and seek to liquidate older vintage vehicles. 
Glendower Capital based on Greenhll Cogent Secondary menet Trends& Curd( January 2018 
2018 Freon Gk>bal Private Equity 8 Venture Canal Report Ban 8 Company Global PrIV640 Equity Report 2018 and Greenhll Cogent Secondary 
menet Trends 8 Outlook. January 2018 
Deal flow infomation reinserts The aggregate deal flow by value reviewed by the Glendower SOF Team between January 1. 2006 and September 
30. 2017 Hed1C0Cal dear flow characteristics do rice 'monde a predclion of Mute deal flow trends and there can be no guarantee that future deal flow 
will be comparable to histonc deal flew 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039283 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185467 
EFTA01354687

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354688.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0USUS Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital SeConderyOpporturtilies Fund IV, LP 
Exhibit 14: 2017: Seller composition breakdowno 
Exhibit 15: Funds marketed by vintage
100% - 
2016 
>20013 P041-4116.4 
General 
Entkmmeto 
40464•bots 
410% 
39% 
Panes 
24% 
Fray Ob. 
arm 
60% 
66% 
2606.06 Pre.crisa 
40% 
43% 
VrnoI 
instaatiens 
12% 
20% • 
Asset 14Ineger 
11% 
<2006 PM-COSI' 
0%  
2316 
2017 
0.koc 
Penvens 
SW! 
24% 
Emergence of tail-end sales 
There has been a recent emergence of traditional secondary buyers and funds-of-funds entering the market as sellers. 
While these seller types may be emerging, motivations for doing so are not new and are consistent with the broader 
asset management sub-segment, where sellers are looking to wind down older vehicles to either lock in gains, return 
capital to LPs. or both. Glendower estimates that here is a significant supply of secondary opportunities in pre-crisis 
bubble funds as evidenced by ca. USS600 billion of private equity assets still locked in 2003.2008 vintage funds. 
Exhibit 16: PE Assets by Fund Vintage Yearo 
USW 
250 
200 
226 
201 
188 
193 
150 
137 
149 
144 
129 
100 
S 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
iiimrtmairoain 
" 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends 8 Oulcok January 2016 
f' 2017 Preps Global notate Equity 8 Verdure Captal Report - Prreate Equity and Venture Cispdal Unrealized Value by Fund Vatted). Year as of 
June 2016. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039284 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185488 
EFTA01354688

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354689.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Growth and prominence of GP-led Secondaries 
The volume of GP-led Secondaries in 2017 was US$14 billion, representing approximately 24% of total Secondary 
market deal volumes.61 These transactions included recaps and restructurings. tender offers, direct secondaries and 
spin-outs. Historically, transactions involving buyout funds have dominated the landscape (70% of all GP-led 
Secondaries volume in 201661); however, there was significant growth in the real assets space with infrastructure funds 
representing 15%, followed by real estate, energy and venture. 
Exhibit 17: GP-led Secondaries Transaction Volume (2006 — 2017)" 
USSOn 
% of Secondary 
market deal nalume 
30% 
14.0 
25% 
18% 
CAGR 
20% 
15% 
10% 
2.4 
1.9 
i 
5% 
0.6 
0% 
2C06 
2007 
2038 
2C09 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
GP-led secondaries 
—GP•led secondaries as % of total 
A number of factors are driving the trend for the general partners of underlying funds to organize liquidity solutions on 
behalf of their investors: 
• 
The global financial crisis left many GPs delaying exits by several years resulting in a build-up of inventory of assets 
for sale. Today, there is US$0.6 trillion of unrealized private equity assets locked in vintages 2008 and earlier. 
• 
LPs are taking a more proactive approach to rebalancing their portfolios, which have included growing demands for 
the liquidity that GPs have long promised. 
■ A greater and growing number of high-quality managers are now utilizing the Secondary market to solve unique 
issues among their funds (i.e., end of fund life planning, additional capital to support existing portfolio companies. 
release of capital for latest offering etc.). 
■ Continued evolution and refinement of transaction structures. 
Glendower believes that this reality has led to an influx of GP-led liquidity offerings and restructurings Once mere 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends 8 Oakok January 2018. 
Greer-Ilse Cogent Secondary Market Trends 8 OLteok January 2017. 
Glenckwer Candel based on Greentei Secondary Market Trends 8 Outlook January 2018 and Evercore /11 2017 Secondary Market Survey Resin 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039285 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185489 
EFTA01354689

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354690.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
curiosities. Glendower observes that GP-led Secondaries have quickly grown to be an important aspect of the market. 
one that Glendower expects to continue to actively drive volumes in the future. Glendower believes that it is only a matter 
of time before large brand name GPs utilize the Secondary market to achieve liquidity solutions for their older funds. 
While there has been a large influx of GP-led opportunities. Glendower has not observed that this automatically 
translates to closed deals. In fact, various market intermediaries have noted increased instances of failed transactions. 
GP-led Secondaries are inherently complex with many stakeholders involved. Glendower continues to believe the 
common themes among successful GP-led Secondaries include early and open communication with existing LPs, quality 
assets that are fairly valued, well-aligned managers and the creation of a set of options for existing investors that are 
more attractive than the status quo. 
The increased transaction risk and structuring sophistication that characterize GP-led Secondaries require more 
advanced secondary transactional expertise, larger teams and mid-to-large fund sizes to underwrite deals that are more 
concentrated than traditional LP portfolios. Glendower has taken a cautious, value-oriented approach to GP-led 
Secondaries and focuses on opportunities where there is strong alignment with the manager, diversified portfolio, 
attractive cash flow positive assets, near-term liquidity and a compelling rationale for the GP to seek a comprehensive 
liquidity solution for existing LPs. It is important to focus on deals that have the right dynamics to lead to a successful 
outcome for all involved parties. 
Exhibit 18: Glendower expects an increasing prevalence of GP-fed Secondaries with 'Top Quartile' GPs6° 
Diverse 
poor 
of brand 
names 
Bottom 
Quartile 
Less known GPs 
looking for a 
bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
Zombies looking for 
sautions make 
unikely targets 
GlenckmerCeprtal mancet interagente 
RC. Pdfiner> DIAMOND CASTLE 
One Equity Partners 
immge 
Wm(ntio; 
s 
v 
QUADISCA WIG, / 
DUKE 
ST WEE F 
A ARCO HEAL ESTATE 
ZOMBIE GPs 
GMT 
QT 
• 
Zurmont Madison 
. . 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039286 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185470 
EFTA01354690

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354691.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
The Competitive Environment 
The secondary market is made up of a range of funds targeting secondary opportunities varying in size from under 
US$100 million up to the largest, at US$10.8 billion, that closed in 2016.67 Secondaries funds are further differentiated 
by their geographic focus and increasingly by their sourcing and investment strategy. 
The Fund will be positioned in the mid-sized segment of the market, which the Manager estimates currently comprises 
secondaries funds between USS1 billion and US$3 billion in size. The Manager believes this is a particularly attractive 
segment of the market because funds in this size bracket are able to build diversified portfolios while also being 
extremely selective over which transactions to pursue. 
In contrast, funds below USS1 billion are forced to compete in the very competitive market for small fund interests. and 
are often focused on particular geographies or strategies, reducing such a fund's ability to mitigate risk through 
diversification. Conversely, funds with sizes of greater than US$3 billion inevitably build extremely diversified portfolios 
which act as private equity indices and therefore have difficulty in generating out performance. 
Exhibit 19: Glendower Competitive Landscape: Well Positioned to Pursue its Strategy's 
tatated ant ploy 
hint 
0.0$0140) 
Si. 
Monacan 
'0040  
L 
Meting 
• 
. 
• 
GIceal soureng 
lamebnen 
iota ant 
sox 
• Viet° oaning 
M 
• Octal %aurora 
• Sefecttc scarang 
Ma 
. 
S nal BMWS 
S 
• 
. 
LOOP twang 
ttly canna,* 
102 
11A1 
1122B 
O0 
g
Sourcing strategies 
It% 
An
(-) 
. , ,,,xo 
Frzi 
b 
O 
62,8 6  
O Pi o 
O 
c ,-- 
o 
° o ° 0 ti. q - S.
Bee0 8 V.
V 0^
AF FI 
° 0
00 
2° 
Dig 
i°0 
s 
g 
e s 
a 
S
.  
It 
• 
1gW 
2002 
700* 
:NO 
2003 
2010 
Ail 
2014 
•AN 
an 
Fu-4 Vetajo• 
e41bn 
II•224 
• •S2en 
. @dOpf Cal 
-10 players 
-10 players 
>S0 Players 
Many of the larger funds source investments through auctions designed to sell large portfolios where the seller is looking 
to significantly reduce its private equity exposure. These sellers have historically included financial institutions that are 
compelled to sell by incoming regulations, and pension plans looking to actively manage their private equity portfolios. 
Financial institutions have now largely finished selling their portfolios, but pension plans remain large investors in private 
equity and will continue to sell periodically to manage their exposure. 
Following the sale of these large portfolios, the mix of sellers has changed towards alternative asset managers, family 
offices and endowments and foundations. The Manager expects the Fund to be ideally positioned to selectively acquire 
some of the remaining assets and positions held by these potential sellers. These transactions tend to be more 
complicated to execute or less conventional in asset type (real estate, infrastructure. mezzanine and special situations). 
The Manager's expertise in structuring relatively complex transactions, together with its target deal size of under USS100 
&gate G04100wet Capttal market intellgeme 
Seine Pregin database and Glendower Cootie's own analysts 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039287 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185471 
EFTA01354691

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354692.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
million, make it a potential buyer of choice in these transactions. 
Maturity of fund interests 
The mid-sized fund segment of the market is further differentiated through the maturity of fund interests targeted. 
Some strategies target interests in immature buyout funds which are between 15% and 50% drawn down. These 
strategies do a primary style analysis of the blind pool portion of the portfolio - focusing on the capability of the Fund 
Sponsor to invest the remaining commitments well, alongside a secondary pricing analysis of the existing assets. 
Complementary to this. some secondaries funds target interests in Fund Sponsors that are considered by their primary 
fund investment businesses to be of high quality on the basis that these interests, even if bought at close to par value, 
represent a compelling purchase. 
In contrast to these approaches, the Fund will focus only on mature fund interests (at least 50% drawn, typically over 
80% drawn). This approach provides the Manager with visibility on the underlying assets and reduces reliance on the 
Fund Sponsor to select strong investment opportunities (reduces 'blind pool risk'). 
Investment Process 
Overview 
The Glendower SOF Team has developed a robust and selective investment process to support its focused and 
disciplined investment strategy. 
Exhibit 20: Secondaries Investment Process 
Deal 
PI Igination 
and sotmng 
Too dose 
identdcabon et 
attractse assets 
Focus on key 
Seller *nice% 
Preece.e eating 
eons 
Leong olds 
Kuno' beats onto 
name 
Screening 
and due 
dikgerce 
Weekly °now cA 
Ptehne 
Stelling and 
Poontoration 
CetarleCI LOttCen-
u2 doe dIrconce 
Transit tan 
rajah:Mon and 
Shuttering 
Irp,estment 
decision 
closing 
Apretyal by 
Investment 
Committee 
Final neadlialaCen 
• 
Swinge( 
transoms 
• 
GP consent other 
closing condemns 
FX neddind 
Oases; 
Frbretonfo 
and risk 
mow* 
Rexers or 
realssabons and 
ucaa:0s on 
pertonnarce at 
nearrly meeting 
Inw.strnent 
realiZaticn 
- 
Revew ceshIlows 
from uncOloc%) 
funds 
GOD ng 
exelcaton Cd Sale 
&alume and 
oCloolunthes 
execute 
realisatrons hew* 
Funnel coadorly 
he hoe CISCIetiCei 
location and 
podiyrnante 
riNew 
ValuabOn Model 
PSA and 
Valuation memo 
IC memo 
Popolew 
IC memo 
suteencton 
documents 
Cuarterly revery 
Sale documents 
Deal origination and sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to purchase funds in exclusive or minimally competitive negotiated transactions 
through its own extensive network of industry relationships. which includes financial sponsors. Fund Sponsors, portfolio 
companies, intermediaries/placement agents, and investment banks. 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to proactively identify private equity funds through a combination of top-down and 
bottom-up analysis. 
Top-down identification of assets: an extensive private equity database listing certain funds is maintained with recent 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039288 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185472 
EFTA01354692

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354693.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDLIS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
pricing that is expected to enable the Glendower SOF Team to pro-actively source these opportunities in the market and 
respond quickly to any potential seller. Top-down asset selection and approach utilizes the following principles: 
■ Majority of value in identifiable, attractive assets. 
■ Focus on quality assets. 
■ Fund Sponsor/LP alignment of interest, e.g., fund is distributing. or is expected to distribute, carried interest. 
• 
Reasonable leverage at portfolio and underlying company levels. 
• 
Attractive "see through" entry multiple at today's pricing. 
Screening and due diligence 
The Manager proposes to implement an investment process that adopts a rigorous and disciplined value-focused. 
bottom-up due diligence' approach coupled with top-down asset selection to identify quality investment opportunities. 
The Manager intends to implement a rigorous. value-focused bottom-up due diligence focused on: 
• 
Operational, financial and market risk analysis for each underlying portfolio company. 
• 
Cash flow analysis at portfolio level. 
• 
Review of fund and portfolio company management. 
• 
Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns. 
• 
Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity. 
As required, independent analysis on tax, legal and accounting issues, as well as other specialist external advice, where 
necessary, will support the investment decision process. In minority co-investments, while leveraging the due diligence 
completed by the transaction's main lead investor, the Glendower SOF Team will perform its own due diligence in an 
attempt to verify the key assumptions underpinning the investment case. 
Investment decision and closing 
On successful completion of the due diligence process and negotiation of key terms, an investment memorandum will be 
presented to the Investment Committee (as described in Section 5: Fund Management of this Memorandum) to be 
considered for approval. The Investment Committee's role will include deciding. on the basis of information and advice 
arising from the investment evaluation process and the results of the full due diligence process, whether the Fund should 
proceed with the proposed investment.
If approved by the Investment Committee, the next stage will involve the Glendower SOF Team completing the 
transaction on behalf of the Fund in accordance with the agreed terms. This process typically involves finalizing 
negotiations with sellers, signing a purchase and sale agreement, finalizing negotiations with any lenders to the 
transaction if required, and closing the acquisition directly or via intermediate investment vehicles. where appropriate. 
The Glendower SOF Team will also analyze the currency exposure of the portfolio being purchased and implement 
appropriate foreign exchange hedges. 
Monitoring and risk management 
After acquiring an investment for the Fund, and where considered by the Manager to be appropriate, the Glendoveer SOF 
Team will actively manage the investment including. for example, utilizing selective hedging to mitigate the potential 
impact of foreign exchange movements. 
• 
to tne extent etionnetron *evader:4e from the underlying Mid 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039289 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185473 
EFTA01354693

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354694.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Secton 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Ongoing deal management will usually rest with the Glendower SOF Team members who completed the investment.
The Manager recognizes that relationship building is important and therefore believes in continuity of representation, but 
may change representation in certain circumstances, including if the investment under-performs as against its business 
plan 
During the life of the investment, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will. 
• 
Attend annual partnership meetings for underlying funds, participate in conference calls with Fund Sponsors and 
otherwise liaise with them. 
• 
Review financial information to assess whether there are constraints on the capacity of the investee business or 
management to perform to the business plan. 
■ Monitor both industry and general market developments to assess whether there is any impact on each investee 
company. 
■ Form a view as to what actions, steps or remedial processes are necessary and work out how to influence key 
decision makers at the relevant underlying fund to take the necessary actions, steps or remedial processes. 
• 
Prepare valuations and reviews for the Fund's quarterly valuation meeting and investor report.
• 
Regular monitoring of the Fund's investments: 
- 
weekly transaction review meetings — the Glendower SOF Team will monitor the Fund's portfolio, review 
significant developments in respect of its investments, monitor cash activity of the underlying funds (i.e.. 
distributions and capital calls) and assess opportunities to potentially add value to an investment or exit an 
investment 
— 
quarterly reviews — on a quarterly basis and in advance of the quarterly valuation meeting, the Glendower SOF 
Team will review the Fund's portfolio and discuss developments in the portfolio and valuation changes and 
agree valuations for the quarterly valuation meeting. 
■ Review of foreign exchange hedging requirements. 
Investment realization 
In general, the Fund will realize its investment in an underlying fund as investments of the underlying kind are realized. 
However, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will review the marketplace on an ongoing basis to seek 
to identify pricing anomalies and opportunities to realize Fund investments in the secondary market. 
The Manager intends that any proposal to dispose of a Fund Secondary, a GP-led Secondary or a Single Asset Deal will 
go through the due diligence, recommendation and approval stages as set forth above in respect of investment 
acquisitions. In particular, on successful completion of the due diligence process and negotiation of key terms, a 
divestment memorandum will be prepared by the Glendower SOF Team and presented to the Investment Committee for 
approval. 
The Investment Committee's role will include deciding, on the basis of information and advice arising from the divestment 
evaluation process and the due diligence process, whether the Fund should proceed with the proposed divestment. 
" The extent c4 the Obsndower SOF Teemls inwacocc with Fund Seormycs including by atter4ing partnership meetings wul depend on the particular 
Fund Sponsor and the widerlymg fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039290 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185474 
EFTA01354694

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354695.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039291 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185475 
EFTA01354695

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354696.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039292 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185476 
EFTA01354696

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354697.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 5 Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Fund Management 
Glendower Capital 
Glendower Capital is an independent investment firm, privately owned by its partners and focused on secondary private 
markets formed by the secondary opportunities team that spun-out from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 
2017. The senior team led by Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith has worked together for 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
in its asset management division. The secondaries business, co-founded by Carlo and Charles in 2006. has raised and 
invested four vehicles (SOF. SOF D, SOF II, and SOF III) with US$3 bilkon of commitments in total. 
Glendower Capital has two office locations in London and New York. with a 23-strong team expected to grow to 26.28 by 
the first half of 2018. The 16 investment professionals have an average of 12 years of relevant experience. 
Glendower Capital operates according to the same sourcing, underwriting, portfolio management and fund administration 
processes that the SOF Team developed in a self-contained and integrated manner when it was established in 2006.T1
Glendower Capital leverages an extensive database and network of relationships developed over 15 years in the 
secondary market with investments in over 350 fund interests globally. 
Management of the Fund 
The General Partner of the Fund will be indirectly owned by the partners of Glendower Capital and its board of directors 
will be comprised of entirely independent directors. Bnef biographies of the proposed directors of the General Partner 
are set out in Appendix 7: Board of Directors of the General Partner. 
SOF IV will be managed and operated by Glendower Capital from within the UK. Glendower Capital is authorized as an 
AIFM by the FCA and will act as the AIFM to SOF IV and assume responsibility as such. 
Investment Team 
The Glendower SOF Team is comprised of 16 investment professionals dedicated to originating, valuing and managing 
secondary investments. Five of the team members, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Chi Cheung, Adam Graev and 
Francesco Rigamonk,72 have worked together since 2007 and together with Emilio Olmos, the Principal (Rikesh 
Mohandoss) and the five Vice Presidents can all act in a lead capacity on investments. 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee (the "Investment Committee") will be established in respect of the Fund to evaluate and 
approve investments for the Fund. 
The Investment Committee, in addition to other matters, will (i) evaluate the 
investment universe for the Fund, (ii) review detailed analysis of target investments, (iii) formulate strategies to acquire, 
divest or manage portfolio investments. and (iv) advise on the investment strategy of the Fund. The members of the 
Investment Committee will be Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Adam Graev, Chi Cheung and Emilio Olmos, provided 
that Glendower Capital can change the composition and voting process of the Investment Committee at any time at its 
discretion. The quorum for the Investment Committee will be three, with decisions being made on a unanimous basis. 
Preepective inveetas should note that while at Deutsche Asset Management the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be awelable to the Glendower SCF Team in conneaco with the management and 
operation of SOF IV 
Francesco Rigamortiwia act as a senior sensor to Glendower Caput ands not a canner. officer or employee of Glendower Capital 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039293 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185477 
EFTA01354697

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354698.pdf
----------------------------------------
G1.01.15125 Gerald Ford 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
From time to tine. end as appropriate, the Manager may invite additional persons as observers to the Investment 
Committee. 
SOF IV Investment Committee Members 
Carlo Pinici-Biroll (52), Managing Partner and Chief Executive Officer. Based in London, Carlo is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower. Carlo spent 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. From 2003 to 2006 he participated in the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's E 6 billion private equity portfolio. From 2012 to 2016 Carlo served as the Global Head of 
DB Private Equity with US$13 billion AUM in primary fund of funds, secondary funds and co-investments. Before 
Deutsche Bank. Carlo was the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of funds: an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.: a consultant at The Boston Consulting Group in New York and served as a junior officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is 
a qualified civil structural engineer (PEng). Carlo is a structural civil engineer by education and training and a qualified 
professional engineer. Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and an MSc in Civil Engineering from the 
University of Rome. Italy. 
Charles Smith (49), Managing Partner and Chief investment Officer. Based in London. Charles is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower. Charles spent 25 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. Prior to setting up the SOF Business, from 2003 to 
2006, Charles was the Head of UK Corporate Investments, responsible for the restructuring and sale of Deutsche Bank's 
E6 billion proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, Charles was a Managing Director in the bank's M&A team 
based in London focused on originating and executing transactions in the Technology, Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and Management Studies from Cambridge University. He is a Chartered 
Management Accountant (ACMA). 
Adam Graev (44), Partner. Based in New York, Adam is a Partner of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower. Adam 
spent ten years at Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for the secondary private equity business in the Americas 
and led the implementation and management of secondary transactions. Prior to joining Deutsche Bank, Adam led 
private equity secondary and co-investment deals at Pomona Capital. Before then, Adam led direct private equity 
investments in venture. growth equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an 
affiliate of Soros Fund Management. Adam began his career as a financial analyst in technology investment banking at 
Cowen & Co. Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
Chi Cheung (40), Partner. Based in London. Chi is a Partner of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower. Chi spent 19 
years at Deutsche Bank where he was a founding member of the SOF Business in 2006, and most recently, he was 
responsible for the secondary private equity business in Europe and led the implementation and management of 
secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 working as an Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT and real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006 he participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's E6 billion private equity portfolio. Previously. Chi completed a two-year apprenticeship with Deutsche 
Bank. Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge University. 
Emilio Olmos (42), Managing Director. Based in London. Emilio is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments in Southern Europe. the Middle East and Asia. Prior to Glendower. Emilio was 
a Portfolio Manager at ADIA. where he spent over five years focusing on secondary transactions. Previously, he was a 
Director in the UBS Secondary Advisory team. Prior to that, Emilio was a Vice President at Deutsche Bank in the SOF 
team, which he joined as an Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. Before that Emiho worked at Credit Suisse in its 
investment banking division, and started his career as a Strategy Analyst at Lafarge. Emilio holds an MSc from HEC 
Paris and an MEng from the Polytechnic University of Madrid, Spain, 
Glendower Capital Professionals 
Deirdre Davies (43), Partner and Chief Operating Officer. Based in London, Deirdre is responsible for the operations 
of the Fund and the business. Prior to Glendower, Deirdre spent 15 years at Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006 and was responsible for the operations (across legal, compliance and fund 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039294 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185478 
EFTA01354698

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354699.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 5: Fund Managemerd 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund tV. LP 
finance) and investor relations for the secondary private equity business. Previously, she was at KPMG in South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of KwaZulu-Natal. South Africa. She is a Chartered Accountant (CA, SA). 
Joshua Glaser (43), Partner. Based in New York. Joshua is responsible for leading the firm's client coverage and 
fundraising. Prior to Glendower, Joshua was a Managing Director at Deustche Asset Management where he served as 
Co-Head of Investment Specialists. Alternatives (Americas). responsible for managing the fundraising of alternative 
investment products. Before then, Joshua led fundraising and investor relations for Paul Capital. serving as Director of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, Joshua was a Director with Forum Capital, a boutique private equity placement 
group. Joshua began his career as a financial analyst in investment banking at CIBC Oppenheimer, and its predecessor. 
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
Francesco Rlgamontl (46), Senior Advisor. Based in Milan. Francesco works with Glendower Capital on specific 
secondary and co
-investment opportunities. Francesco spent 17 years at Deutsche Bank where he was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006, and most recently, he was responsible for co-investments. Francesco joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2000 with responsibility for corporate development in Italy and participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's E6billion private equity portfolio. Previously he worked at Gallo & Co., an Italian merchant bank, 
where he focused on restructurings. Francesco holds an MBA from the University of Chicago Booth &Awl of Business 
and an MA in Business and Economics from the Catholic University of Milan, Italy. 
The senior team is supported by a team of associate to principal level professionals who are responsible for the analysis 
of transaction opportunities, supporting the senior professionals in the origination and execution of transactions and 
supporting the investment team in client relations. finance and operations. 
Rikesh Mohandoss (36), Principal. Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower. Rikesh spent eight years at Deutsche Bank and most 
recently spent the past five years originating, valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments in North America 
for the SOF Business. Rikesh joined Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 20O7, Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in Credit Risk Management at 
Bank of America and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie 
Mac) in 2003. Rikesh holds a BBA from The George Washington University and a MBA from Columbia Business School. 
Katherine Weaver (39), Principal, Funds CFO. Based in New York. Katie is the Chief Financial Officer for Fund 
Finance. Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at Deutsche Bank in the SOF fund finance team, first as financial 
controller and then as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at Brookfield Office 
Properties and a financial accountant at Trizec Properties. 
She began her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting from the University of Wisconsin, Madison. 
Victoria Loldi (32), Vice President. Based in London. Victoria is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Victoria spent five years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. From 2009 to 2012, 
Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC where she worked within the Investment Banking DNision, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Victoria graduated from the London School of Economics 
with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Devrup Banerjee (30), Vice President. Based in London. Devrup is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Devrup spent five years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. From 2008 to 2012. Devrup worked at 
Goldman Sachs as part of the Natural Resources team within the Investment Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford with an MA 
in Economics and Management in 2008. 
Aldrich Chan (31), Vice President. Based in New York. Aldrich is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Aldrich spent four years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. He began his career at 
UBS Investment Bank's Global Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking group. Aldrich received his BS in Finance. 
summa cum laude. from New York University's Stern School of Business. He is currently an MBA candidate at the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039295 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185479 
EFTA01354699

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354700.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. 
Philippe Femeini (34), Vice President. Based in London. Philippe is responsible for the origination, valuation, 
execution and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Philippe spent four years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing. executing and monitoring secondary investments for the S0F Business. He 
worked for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment banking Associate in the Global Industrials Group and for two years 
at Booz & Company as a Senior Consultant in the Financial Services Practice. Philippe holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School of Business and a Master of Engineering (Diplome dingenieur) from Telecom 
ParisTech. 
Elena Smimova (31), Vice President. Based in London. Elena is responsible for the origination. valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Elena spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the S0F Business. From 2012 to 2015 Elena 
worked in HSBC's Financial Institutions Advisory unit, where she focused on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their Global Banking and Markets business. Elena graduated from the 
Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration with a first class degree in Business 
Administration and Management in 2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and Finance from the European Business 
School in London. 
Louise Schoeman (36), Vice President - Finance. Based in London. Louise is responsible for the set up and 
operations of the finance platform for the management company structure and in the set up and ongoing requirements 
for the compliance and risk management functions for the platform. Prior to Glendower Capital, Louise was Finance 
Director for London's Air Ambulance. a registered charity. Louise worked with the S0F team previously from 2011 to 
2013 as a business manager, having started her career as an accountant at Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. Louise graduated from the University of Pretoria with a BCom (Mons) in Accounting Sciences in 2003. 
and qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 2007. 
Jonathan Roome (25), Associate. Based in London, Jonathan supports the transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Jonathan spent two years at Deutsche Asset Management supporting the transaction team in valuing, executing and 
monitoring secondary investments for the S0F Business. Jonathan graduated from the London School of Economics 
and Political Sciences with a Bachelor of Science in Economics in 2015, having achieved first class honors. 
Douglas O'Connell (24), Associate. Based in New York, Doug supports the transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. 
Doug worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The Carlyle Group, and spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management supporting the hedge fund secondary transaction team in valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a Bachelor of Science in 
Finance, having achieved University Honors. 
Rafael Enriquez-Hesles (24), Associate. Based in New York, Rafael supports the transaction team across all 
secondary investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower 
Capital, Rafael spent three years at Wel in the Diversified Industrials Investment Banking Group working on mergers & 
acquisitions and capital market transactions globally. Rafael graduated from Bucknell University with a Bachelor of 
Science in Civil Engineering and a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Sheldon Lee (26), Analyst. Based in London, Sheldon supports the transaction team across all secondary investment 
related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent two years at 
Citibank in Corporate and Investment Banking. Sheldon holds a MSc in Industrial Management from KTH Institute of 
Technology, and holds a BSc in Industrial Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure des Mines de Nancy. 
In addition to the existing team it is expected that the following team members will be recruited over the corning six 
months: Investment Team Associate. London; Tax Vice President, New York; and a Fund Controller Associate. New 
York. 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039296 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165480 
EFTA01354700

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354701.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039297 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185481 
EFTA01354701

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354702.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Sunvnary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Summary of Terms and Conditions 
The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Fund. This summary is qualified in its entirely by reference to 
the Fund Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of Interests, both of which are 
available upon request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment decision. The offer made hereby 
is subject to modification, prior sale and withdrawal. 
To the extent that there is any inconsistency between this 
Memorandum and the Fund Documents, the provisions of the Fund Documents will prevail. 
The Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP, an English private fund limited 
partnership. 
Investment Objective 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive risk adjusted investment returns, principally in the 
form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, refinancing and 
disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout. growth capital, venture 
capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The Fund will target globally, but primarily in 
the U.S. and Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established generalist and specialist 
private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder funds and other similar 
structures) primarily on the secondary market (each such fund or structure, a 'Fund 
Secondary), (ii) the acquisition of investment interests in private equity fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(each such investment interest, a "GP-led Secondary). and (iii) co-investments in individual 
portfolio companies alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such co-investment, a 
'Single Asset Dean. Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset Deals may 
be made in vehicles established in any jurisdiction. The Manager expects that the majority of 
the Fund's portfolio investments, by committed capital, will be held for at least four years. 
The General Partner 
The Manager 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. will serve as a general partner of the Fund (the 
"General Partner). The General Partner, on behalf of the Fund, will appoint the Manager to 
manage the Fund's investment strategy, as described below. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LIP, an English limited liability partnership (the 
'Second GP"), will also serve as a general partner of the Fund but, in accordance with the 
Fund Documents, will have no authority to manage, operate or administer the business or 
affairs of the Fund other than as may be required by law. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership (the 'Manager) is authorized 
and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority (including under the EU 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the 'AIFMCip and its implementing 
legislation in the UK) will provide portfolio management, risk management and administrative 
services to the Fund, including investigating, analyzing, structuring and negotiating potential 
investments, monitoring the performance of portfolio investments and advising the Fund as to 
disposition opportunities. The Manager will make all investment and disposition decisions. 
The Manager will be the Fund's 'AIF V' (as defined in the AIFMD) and will assume 
responsibility as such. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Manager, to the exclusion of the General 
Partner and the Second GP. will take all actions in respect of the Fund that constitute 
regulated activities for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2O00. 
The General Partner will be responsible for the Manager's fees which it will satisfy from the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039298 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185482 
EFTA01354702

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354703.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
General Partner's Share. 
The Adviser 
Commitments 
Minimum Commitment 
Glendower Capital 
Investment 
Closings 
Subsequent Closing 
Partners 
0rawdowns 
The Manager will appoint its affiliate. Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC ('Glendower U.S.). to 
provide investment advice to the Manager in connection with the investment management of 
the Fund. 
The Manager will be responsible for Glendower U.S.'s fees pursuant to a sub-advisory 
agreement. 
The Fund is seeking aggregate commitments to the Fund ('Commitments") of 
US$1.75 billion, although the General Partner may accept aggregate Commitments less than. 
or in excess of. this amount, provided that aggregate Commitments do not exceed 
US$2.5 billion (not including the Team Investment (as defined below)). 
In order to subscribe for an Interest. a prospective limited Partner must execute a deed of 
adherence and provide documentation to the General Partner in order to satisfy its `customer 
due diligence' obligations. The General Partner may accept or reject a subscription for an 
Interest. 
The minimum Commitment for a limited partner of the Fund (collectively, the 'Limited 
Partners" and, together with the General Partner and the Second GP. the 'Partners") is 
USS5 million, although the General Partner may accept Commitments of lesser amounts. 
Each Limited Partner will make a capital contribution to the Fund equal to 0.01% of its 
Commitment. The remaining 99.99% of its Commitment may be drawn down by the Manager 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund (each, an 'Advance"). 
Certain individuals that are partners or employees of the Manager and Glendower U.S. will 
invest in the Fund (the 'Team Investment') indirectly through the Special Limited Partner (as 
defined below). 
The Team Investment will be equal to, at least, 1% of the aggregate 
Commitments. 
The General Partner will hold an initial closing of the Fund (the 'First Closing") as soon as 
practicable. From time to time after the First Closing one or more additional closings may be 
held as necessary to admit additional Limited Partners (each, and the First Closing, a 
"Closing"). The final Closing of the Fund is to take place no later than 15 months after the 
First Closing (the 'Final Admission Date), provided that, if on the 15 month anniversary of 
the First Closing, aggregate Commitments and commitments to any Parallel Fund (as defined 
below) are: (i) less than US$1.75 billion then the Final Admission Date shall be automatically 
extended to the 18 month anniversary of the First Closing or (ii) US$1.75 billion or more then 
the General Partner may extend the Final Admission Date with the consent of the Fund 
Advisory Committee (as defined below). 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund subsequent to the First Closing (each a "Subsequent 
Closing Partner') generally will participate in the investments, if any, made by the Fund prior 
to their admission. Each Subsequent Closing Partner will generally contribute to the Fund an 
amount equal to its proportionate share of all funded Commitments of the Partners admitted 
in prior Closings, plus an additional amount computed as interest thereon at the higher of the 
preferred return rate of 8% and three-month USD LIBOR plus 2% from the date of each 
applicable funding, with such appropriate adjustments as may be necessary to take into 
account distributions made to Partners admitted in prior Closings. 
Advances will be drawn down on an as needed basis to make investments and to pay the 
General Partner's Share and Fund liabilities and expenses at any time, generally upon 
business days' prior written notice. 
Confidential Private Placement Memotandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039299 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00135483 
EFTA01354703

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354704.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354704.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Investment Period 
Reinvestment 
Key Person Event 
Diversification 
The Fund's investment period will commence on the date of the First Closing, and will expire 
at the end of the calendar quarter in which the earliest of the following occurs (the 
'Investment Period"): 
(i) 
the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for such purpose, 
and 
(ii) 
four years from the Final Admission Date. 
The Fund may draw down Commitments to make investments at any time during the 
Investment Period (subject to any suspension of the Investment Period following a key 
person event (as described below)). After the end of the Investment Period, the Fund will not 
make new portfolio investments, but may (a) fund existing obligations to make contributions 
or advances in respect of any investment. (b) complete investments that were in process as 
of the end of the Investment Period, (e) fund follow-on investments with respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, Single Asset Deals or GP-led Secondaries, in an aggregate amount not to 
exceed 20% of aggregate Commitments, and (d) continue to draw down Commitments to pay 
liabilities and ongoing operating expenses, including the General Partner's Share. 
The following amounts will be added back to unfunded Commitments and may be drawn 
down again by the Fund: (i) distributions from any portfolio investment received by the Fund 
within twenty-four months of the date on which such investment was made, but only to the 
extent of capital invested by the Fund in such investment: (ii) following the termination of the 
Investment Period and subject to the limitations described in "Investment Period' above, an 
amount equal to any and all distributions made to the Partners, but only for the purpose of 
funding any obligation of the Fund and any follow-on investments with respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset Deals, and (Iii) distributions made 
to the Partners to the extent of funded Advances used to fund drawings of the General 
Partner's Share (as defined below) or pay organizational expenses or Fund expenses. 
The Fund's initial key persons will be Charles Smith. Carlo Pirzioaroli, Adam Graev and Chi 
Cheung (with such persons, and any replacement key persons, being the 'Key Persons"). 
The General Partner may, from time to time, nominate one or more qualified replacements for 
such Key Persons. Such a nominated qualified replacement will become a Key Person with 
the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee. 
The Investment Period will be automatically suspended if (i) either Charles Smith or Carlo 
Pirzio-Biroli and (ii) any other Key Person cease to devote substantially all their business time 
to the affairs of the Fund, any co-investment fund, Parallel Fund (as defined below) or 
Alternative Vehicle (as defined below), the SOF Program, any Complementary Fund (as 
defined below), any successor fund and Glendower (the 'Permitted Activities"). 
The 
Investment Period may be reinstated (a) at any time with the consent of 66'A% in interest of 
the Limited Partners, or (b) if the requisite number of qualified replacements for the Key 
Persons are approved within 120 days of the Investment Period being suspended. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Period will also be automatically suspended if 
both of Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith cease to devote substantially all of their 
business time to the Permitted Activities. Following such a suspension, the Investment 
Period may be reinstated at any time with the consent of 66%% in interest of the Limited 
Partners. 
If the Investment Period is suspended due to either of the circumstances described above, it 
will terminate automatically if not reinstated after 12 months. 
Absent the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee (i) no more than 5% of the Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any individual Single Asset Deal, (ii) no more than 20% of 
Confidential Private Placement Memotandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039300 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185484 
EFTA01354704

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354705.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Seictssn 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
the Investment Restriction Base will be invested in any single Fund Secondary or GP-led 
Secondary. (iii) no more than 20% of the Investment Restriction Base invested in Single 
Asset Deals will be made on a primary basis, (iv) no more than 12.5% of the Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any blind pool investment fund on a primary basis or 
where less than 50% of aggregate capital commitments of such fund have been drawn down. 
and (v) no more than 10% of the Investment Restriction Base will be invested in any portfolio 
investments with a focus on real estate investments. 
'Investment Restriction Base" means (a) prior to the Final Admission Date, an amount 
equal to the greater of (i) US$1.75 billion and (ii) the aggregate Commitments accepted as at 
the date of determination and (b) following the Final Admission Date, an amount equal to the 
aggregate Commitments. 
Indebtedness 
Hedging 
General Partner's 
Share 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control, is 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to facilitate the closing of an investment in 
advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally expects such borrowings to be outstanding 
for less than 180 days. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control, is also 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to fund the payment of the Fund's 
expenses or the General Partners Share in advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally 
expects to repay such borrowings from drawdowns or distributions from investments. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control. may also 
borrow on a long-term basis to create leveraged capital structures in portfolio investments 
with appropriate cash flow characteristics. The Fund will not borrow for such purpose 
amounts that in aggregate exceed 25% of the aggregate Commitments. 
The Fund may also make use of leverage in connection with hedging arrangements 
(including the use of FX forwards and swaps). 
Assets of the Fund may be posted as collateral against such borrowings including its 
investments, and by pledges of unfunded Commitments. Such borrowings may be incurred 
on a portfolio-wide basis or against specific securities and may be secured by drawdowns of 
Commitments. 
The Fund may engage in hedging transactions, such as hedging for currency, interest rate 
and equity market risks. Hedging techniques could involve a variety of derivative transactions. 
including transactions in forward contracts and swaps. 
The Fund will allocate to the General Partner and the Second GP a profit share (the -General 
Partner's Share'). Advances will be made against the General Partner's Share quarterly 
from drawdowns of the Limited Partners' unfunded Commitments or from other proceeds 
received by the Fund. 
For each Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund (as defined below)) and each investor in 
a Feeder Fund: 
(i) 
during the Investment Period. 1.25% per annum (reduced by the Applicable Points) of 
(a) the Commitment of such Limited Partner or (b)the commitment (or equivalent) of 
such Feeder Fund investor: 
(ii) 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1 00% per annum 
(reduced by the Applicable Points) of the aggregate, as of the end of the Investment 
Period, of such Limited Partner's or such Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down 
Commitment (or equivalent), that is, at the date of determination, invested in portfolio 
investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) that the Manager has 
reasonably reserved for portfolio investments (a Limited Partner's or an investor in a 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039301 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185485 
EFTA01354705

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354706.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354706.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summery of Terms end Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Feeder Fund's Invested Capital"), and 
(iii) 
for each successive year thereafter, until the last day of the term (including any 
extension thereof), the lesser of (a) 90% of the General Partner's Share attributable to 
each Limited Partner or such Feeder Fund investor, for the immediately preceding year 
(but not less than 0.25% of the Invested Capital of such Limited Partner), and (b) 1.25% 
per annum (as reduced by the Applicable Points) calculated with respect to each 
Limited Partner's pro rata share (based on the Invested Capital of the Fund's most 
recently reported net asset value). 
The General Partner's Share in respect of each Legacy Investor shall be equal to the general 
partner's share attributable to such Legacy Investor in respect of its commitment to SOF III. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Second GP will receive any General Partner's Share with 
respect to the Special Limited Partner. 
The General Partner's Share is subject to reduction as provided below in 'Transaction, Break 
Up and Other Fees.' 
'Applicable Points' means with respect to (a) a Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund) 
and its Commitment or (b) an investor in a Feeder Fund and its commitment (or equivalent) to 
such Feeder Fund: (i) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is less than US$50 million. zero 
basis points, (ii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$50 million or more but less than 
US$100 million, five basis points, (iii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$100 million 
or more but less than USS150 million, ten basis points, (iv) for a Commitment (or equivalent) 
that is US$150 million or more but less than US$200 million, 15 basis points, and (v) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$200 million or more, 20 basis points. 
'Legacy investor means (i) each Limited Partner that made a direct commitment to SOF III 
and makes a Commitment (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the First Closing or (ii), at the 
discretion of the Manager, a Limited Partner that made a direct commitment to SOF III and 
makes a Commitment to the Fund (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the Closing 
immediately following the First Closing, provided that such following Closing occurs on or 
before 31 May 2018. 
Distributions 
Net proceeds attributable to the disposition of a portfolio investment, distributions in kind of 
securities, and any dividends, interest or other income received with respect to a portfolio 
investment will be distributed to all Partners participating in such portfolio investment and 
other income received by the Fund will be distributed to all Partners. Each Partner's 
proportionate share thereof generally will be distributed as follows: 
(i) 
First, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such Partner equal the 
sum of the Advances of such Partner as of that time: 
(ii) 
Second, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such Partner are 
sufficient to provide such Partner with an 8% annualized effective internal rate of return 
on the Advances of such Partner; 
(iii) Third, 100% to the special limited partner of the Fund (the 'Special Limited Partner) 
until the Special Limited Partner has received, in respect of such Partner. 12.5% of the 
excess of (i) the cumulative distributions made to such Partner and to the Special 
Limited Partner in respect of such Partner over 90 the Advances of such Partner; and 
(iv) Thereafter, 87.5% to such Partner and 12.5% to the Special Limited Partner. 
'Carded Interest' means the amounts distributed to the Special Limited Partner pursuant to 
clauses (iii) and (iv) above. 
Distributions prior to the dissolution of  the Fund will be made in cash or marketable securities. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039302 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185486 
EFTA01354706

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354707.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N, LP 
Upon dissolution of the Fund, distributions may also include restricted securities or other 
assets of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Fund may make tax distributions to the Partners in respect 
of gain and other income from portfolio investments in accordance with the manner in which 
such gain and other income is allocated to the Partners. 
Distributions to the General Partner and the Special Limited Partner will not be subject to 
Carried Interest.
Special Limited 
Partner Clawback 
Organizational 
Expenses 
Operating and 
Other Expenses 
Transaction, Break•Up 
and Other Fees 
Fund Advisory 
Committee 
Upon termination of the Fund, the Special Limited Partner will be required to return to the 
Fund distributions of Carried Interest previously received to the extent that they exceed the 
amounts that should have been distributed to the Special Limited Partner as Carried Interest 
(as described in "Distributions' above) applied on an aggregate basis covering all 
transactions of the Fund. In no event, however, will the Special Limited Partner be required 
to return more than the cumulative Carried Interest distributions received by the Special 
limited Partner, net of amounts in respect of taxes thereon. 
The Fund will bear all legal and other expenses incurred in the formation of the Fund and the 
offering of the Interests therein (other than any placement fees), up to an aggregate amount 
not to exceed USS2.500.000. plus amounts in respect of applicable value added tax. 
Organizational expenses in excess of this amount, and any placement fees. will be paid by 
the Fund but borne by the General Partner through a 100% offset against the General 
Partner's Share. 
Each of the Manager, the General Partner and the Second GP will pay all normal operating 
expenses incidental to the provision of its day-today services to the Fund. including its own 
overheads. The Fund will pay all costs, expenses and liabilities in connection with its 
operations, including: fees, costs and expenses of third parties, including without limitation 
tax advisors and counsel, related to the purchase. structuring, holding and sale of portfolio 
investments (to the extent not reimbursed): expenses incurred in connection with transactions 
not consummated; insurance premiums; taxes; fees and expenses of accountants, counsel. 
administrators. depositaries, appraisers and consultants, including tax filings and accounts; 
costs and expenses of the Fund Advisory Committee and the annual meeting. litigation 
expenses and other extraordinary expenses. 
Any costs incurred in relation to transactions which are not completed will be borne by the 
Fund. The Manager may in its sole discretion structure a co-investment opportunity such that 
the proposed participants in such co-investment opportunity do not bear any broken deal 
expenses, with the result that the Fund will bear all such broken deal expenses: Prowded, if 
so structured, such participants will not be entitled to receive any break-up or similar fee 
income, if any, that may be earned with respect to such transaction. 
In connection with any portfolio investment, the Manager and its affiliates may charge 
portfolio companies directors' fees, transaction fees, monitoring fees. advisory fees, break-up 
tees and other similar investment-related fees for services provided by the members of the 
secondary investment team of the Manager. 100% of all such fees, net of any related 
expenses, amounts in respect of VAT or unreimbursed expenses incurred by the Manager or 
its affiliates in connection with unconsummated transactions, will be applied to reduce the 
General Partner's Share otherwise payable. All such fees will be allocated among the Fund 
and any related co-investing entities on the basis of capital committed by each to the relevant 
investment. General Partner's Share reductions will be carried forward if necessary. 
The Fund will establish an advisory committee consisting of at least three voting members 
appointed by the Manager (the 'Fund Advisory Committee"). Each voting member of the 
Fund Advisory Committee shall be a representative of a Limited Partner or an investor in any 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039303 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185487 
EFTA01354707

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354708.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund (other than any Limited Partner or investor affiliated with the 
General Partner. the Second GP or the Manager). Feeder Funds and Parallel Funds will not 
have separate advisory committees. The Manager shall have the right to appoint one or 
more representatives of the Manager to serve as non-voting members, and as the chairman, 
of the Fund Advisory Committee. The Fund Advisory Committee will meet at least annually 
following the Final Admission Date, or before the Final Admission Date at the discretion of the 
Manager, and as required to consult with the Manager as to potential conflicts of interest and 
certain other matters. The Fund will reimburse the Fund Advisory Committee members for 
their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. 
Successor Funds 
Without the consent of 662.4% in interest of the Limited Partners, none of the General Partner, 
the Second GP. Glendower Capital, LLP or any affiliate of Glendower Capital. LLP will close 
another multiple third party investor fund having a substantially similar investment objective 
and strategy as the Fund until the earlier of: 
Allocation of 
Investment 
Opportunities 
Transfers and 
Withdrawals 
Reporting, Valuations 
and Annual Meeting 
Disclosure of changes 
to the leverage 
provisions 
(i) the date when 75% of aggregate Commitments have been invested. committed or 
reserved for investment or allocated or reserved to meet the obligations of the Fund; 
(ii) the end of the Investment Period; or 
(iii) the termination of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Glendower Capital, LLP or any of its Affiliates may, at any 
time, close other multiple third party investor funds with investment objectives and strategies 
that overlap with the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to 
specific asset categories or strategies (each, a "Complementary Fund). 
Subject to the 'Successor Funds' restrictions described above. the Manager and its affiliates 
may sponsor or advise various investment vehicles, including Complementary Funds, and 
separate accounts (together with the Fund, the "Investment Plattomis), some of which may 
have overlapping investment strategies and investment committee members with those of the 
Fund. The Manager will allocate investment opportunities among the Investment Platforms 
on an equitable basis in its good faith discretion and in accordance with its internal 
investment allocation guidelines. These are based on the applicable investment guidelines of 
such Investment Platforms, portfolio diversification requirements, regulatory requirements and 
other appropriate factors. 
Limited Partners generally may not sell, assign, transfer or pledge their Interests except as 
permitted by the Fund Partnership Agreement which will require. inter elle, the prior written 
consent of the Manager. Limited Partners generally may not withdraw from the Fund. 
Limited Partners will receive audited annual accounts (also comprising a Managers report 
and such disclosures as are required by the AIFMD) prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP 
or International Financial Reporting Standards as well as unaudited quarterly financial 
statements (in respect of the second and third quarters of each fiscal year only) and 
unaudited quarterly capital accounts. 
Limited Partners will also receive such periodic 
disclosures as are required in accordance with the AIFMD (including changes to leverage. 
liquidity and risk management provisions). 
The Fund will hold annual meetings to provide Limited Partners with the opportunity to review 
and discuss with the Manager and its employees the Fund's investment activities and 
portfolio. 
Limited Partners will receive unaudited quarterly financial reports regarding the Fund which 
will include the amount of leverage that has been utilized by the Fund. 
Any amendments to the leverage provisions of the Fund will require an amendment to the 
Fund Partnership Agreement. See "Amendments to Fund Partnership Agreement" below for 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039304 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185488 
EFTA01354708

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354709.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
further details. 
Co-investment 
The Manager may offer co-investment opportunities to any Limited Partner in its sole 
discretion 
Alternative Vehicles 
Parallel Funds 
Feeder Funds 
Side Letters 
The Manager will have the right in connection with any investment to direct the Advances of 
some or all of the Limited Partners to be made through one or more alternative investment 
vehicles (each, an "Alternative Vehicle' if. in the judgment of the Manager, the use of such 
vehicle or vehicles represents an appropriate structure for the Fund and would facilitate 
participation in certain types of investments. Any Altemathre Vehicle generally will be 
governed by terms and conditions substantially similar to those of the Fund (except as may 
be advisable because of such legal, regulatory or tax constraints) and will be managed by the 
General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof The profits and losses of an Alternative 
Vehicle generally will be aggregated with those of the Fund for purposes of determining 
distributions by the Fund and such Alternative Vehicle, unless the General Partner or the 
Manager elects otherwise in its sole discretion based on a determination that such 
aggregation could increase the risk of any adverse tax or other consequences. 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more parallel funds (each a 
'Parallel Fund") to accommodate the investment requirements of certain investors. My 
Parallel Fund documentation will contain terms and conditions substantially similar to those of 
the Fund and will be managed by the General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof. 
Any Parallel Fund will be responsible for its pro rata share of expenses. 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more feeder funds which will 
invest in the Fund or a Parallel Fund (each, a "Feeder Fund") to accommodate the 
investment requirements of certain investors. In certain respects, investors in a Feeder Fund 
will be treated as having invested directly in the Fund or the relevant Parallel Fund, as the 
case may be. 
The General Partner or the Manager, without any further act, approval or vote of any Partner, 
may enter into side letters or other written agreements with one or more Limited Partners 
which have the effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example. reducing the 
General Partner's Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement (each, a 'Side Letter"). A Side 
Letter may include additional rights that are, or alter or supplement the terms of the Fund 
Partnership Agreement in a manner that is, more favorable to the recipient than those offered 
to any other Limited Partner, including with respect to (i) economic arrangements (including 
alternative fee or other compensation arrangements), (ii) opting out of particular investments. 
(iii) reporting obligations of the Fund. (iv) transfer to affiliates. (v) co-investment opportunities. 
(vi) withdrawal events. (vii) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership Agreement 
amendments, (viii) indemnification arrangements, (ix) dispute resolution processes, or (x) any 
other matters described therein. If a Side Letter is entered into entitling a Limited Partner to 
opt out of a particular investment or withdraw from the Fund, any election to opt out or 
withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase each other Limited Partner's pro rata interest 
in that particular investment (in the case of an opt-out) or all future investments (in the case of 
a withdrawal), which may have an adverse effect on such Limited Partner's investment 
results. 
Any additional rights established, or any terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or 
supplemented, in a Side Letter with a Limited Partner will govern solely with respect to such 
Limited Partner (but not any of such Limited Partner's assignees or transferees unless so 
specified in such side letter or otherwise agreed by the Manager) notwithstanding any other 
provision of the Fund Partnership Agreement. My additional rights established, or any terms 
of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or supplemented, in a Side Letter with a Limited 
Partner may generally be elected by any other Limited Partner having a Commitment equal to 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039305 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185489 
EFTA01354709

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354710.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354710.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
or greater than the Commitment of the Limited Partner to which such Side Letter was 
provided. Such election, however, will only be made after the Final Admission Date. 
Indemnification 
For Cause Removal of 
the General Partner 
No Fault Removal of 
the General Partner 
Amendments to Fund 
Partnership 
Agreement 
Default 
Term 
None of the General Partner, the Manager, the Second GP, their respective affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory Committee members or the directors, officers, partners, members, employees 
or agents of any of them (each a 'Covered Person") will be liable to the Fund or the Limited 
Partners for any good faith act or omission relating to the Fund. except for (I) any such act or 
omission constituting an uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
conviction of a felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negkgence, fraud, willful 
misconduct or reckless disregard of duties by such Covered Person, or (ii) any claim or 
proceeding commenced by a Limited Partner against the Manager for any misrepresentation 
in the Fund's marketing information (including information. advice. materials. documents and 
this Memorandum communicated by the Manager or a person on behalf of, and as approved 
by. the Manager, where such misrepresentation has had a direct material adverse impact on 
such Limited Partner, in each case as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
The Fund will indemnify each Covered Person against all claims, damages, liabilities, costs 
and expenses. including legal fees, to which such Covered Person may be or become subject 
by reason of their activities on behalf of the Fund, or otherwise relating to the Fund 
Partnership Agreement. except to the extent that such claims. damages, liabilities. costs or 
expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such 
person's own uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement, conviction of a 
felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negligence. fraud, willful misconduct or reckless 
disregard of duties. 
The General Partner may be removed by a majority in interest of the Limited Partners where 
it has been finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the General Partner, 
the Manager or the Second GP has engaged in certain removal conduct. The Manager and 
Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General Partner. 
The General Partner may be removed at any time following the second anniversary of the 
Final Admission Date, with the written consent of 6634% in interest of the Limited Partners. 
The Manager and Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General 
Partner. 
The General Partner will, on the date of its removal, receive an amount equal to the General 
Partner's Share received by the General Partner in the eight calendar quarters immediately 
preceding the General Partner's removal. 
Subject to certain exceptions as more fully described in the Fund Partnership Agreement, the 
Fund Partnership Agreement (including the Fund's investment strategy or investment policy) 
may generally only be amended with the written consent of a majority in interest of the 
Limited Partners and the General Partner, provided that where such amendment would 
materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which discriminates against such 
Limited Partner vis•a•vis the other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited 
Partner, the consent of the affected Limited Partner will also be required. 
The General 
Partner will notify the Limited Partners within a reasonable period of time following any 
material amendments. 
A Limited Partner that defaults in respect of its obligation to make Advances or other 
contributions to the Fund will be subject to customary default provisions. including forfeiture of 
a substantial portion of its Interest, and payment of interest on the defaulted amount at a rate 
equal to the higher of (i) three-month USD LIBOR plus 2%. and (ii) 8%. 
The term of the Fund will be 7 years from the Final Admission Date, subject to the term being 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039306 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165490 
EFTA01354710

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354711.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
extended (i) by the Manager for up to three successive periods of one-year each, and 
(ii) thereafter, by the Manager. with the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee. for up to 
two additional successive periods of one-year each. 
Currency 
Tax Considerations 
ERISA Considerations 
Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of 
Into rest 
Special Counsel to the 
General Partner and 
the Manager 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
The Fund will be denominated in U.S. dollars. 
For UK tax purposes, the Fund should be treated as tax transparent and should not. 
therefore, be separately taxable. Each UK investor will be liable for tax on its own share of 
income. gain, losses. deductions and tax credits of the Fund. 
The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. Asa partnership, the Fund generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, 
and each Partner subject to U.S. tax will be required to include in computing its U.S. federal 
income tax liability its allocable share of the items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit 
of the Fund, regardless of whether and to what extent distributions are made by the Fund to 
such Partner. 
It is expected that annual U.S. federal tax information from portfolio 
investments will not be received in sufficient time to permit the Fund to incorporate such 
information into its annual U.S. federal tax information and to distribute such information to its 
investors prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due. As a result. 
investors will likely be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. federal, state and local 
income tax returns each year. 
The taxation of partners and partnerships is extremely complex. 
Prospective 
investors, In particular prospective non-U.S. and U.S. tax-exempt Investors, are 
strongly urged to consult their own tax advisers concerning the tax consequences in 
light of their particular circumstances of making an investment In the Fund. 
Investment in the Fund is generally open to institutions, including pension plans, subject to 
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (-ERISA"). The 
General Partner will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the affairs and operations of 
the Fund so as to limit investment in the Fund by "benefit plan investors" (within the meaning 
of Department of Labor regulations as modified by section 3(42) of ERISA) to less than 25% 
of each class of equity interests in the Fund. 
Each prospective investor subject to ERISA is urged to consult Its own advisers as to 
the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in the Fund. 
An investment in the Fund involves significant risks and potential conflicts of interest.
Each prospective investor should carefully consider and evaluate such risks and 
conflicts prior to purchasing an Interest. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP is retained as English and U.S. counsel by the General Partner 
and the Manager in connection with the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted by law, it does 
not represent or owe any duty to any Limited Partner or the Limited Partners as a group in 
connection with such retention. 
Any of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, KPMG or Ernst & Young 
LLP 
The auditors will be retained by the General Partner in connection with the Fund. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, they do not represent or owe any duty to any Limited Partner 
or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with such retention. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185491 
DB-SDNY-0039307 
EFTA01354711

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354712.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited. an AIFMD-compliant depositary, will be appointed by 
the Fund prior to the First Closing. The First Closing will not occur prior to the date on which 
such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the Fund's depositary and 
fund administrator. 
Global Placement 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited. 
Agent 
Confidennal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039308 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185492 
EFTA01354712

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354713.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039309 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185493 
EFTA01354713

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354714.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039310 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185494 
EFTA01354714

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354715.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund et LP 
Risk Factors 
An investment in the Fund involves a substantial degree of risk and should be considered only by Investors whose 
financial resources are sufficient to enable them to assume such risk (and the possible loss of some or all of their 
investment) and who have no immediate need for liquidity in their investment. Investors should carefully evaluate the 
following risk factors associated with an investment in the Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as 
an indication of the performance of the Fund. Investors should make their own assessment of the risks and rewards of 
an investment in the Fund. 
Pail A - Risks Related to an Investment in Secondary Private Equity 
Pooled investments in secondaries 
In many cases, the Manager expects that the Fund will have the opportunity to acquire a portfolio of investment funds or 
direct investments from a seller on an "all or nothing" basis. Certain of the investment funds or direct investments in the 
portfolio may be less attractive than others, and certain of the sponsors of such investment funds (or in some cases, the 
controlling investors in the portfolio companies) may be more familiar to the Manager than others, or may be more 
experienced or highly regarded than others. In such cases, it may not be possible for the Fund to carve out from such 
purchases those investments which the Fund considers (for commercial, tax, legal or other reasons) to be less attractive. 
Complex nature of due diligence and valuation process for GP-led Secondaries 
In traditional secondaries investments, secondaries investors typically provide liquidity to primary investors in private 
equity funds. and secondaries investors are able to rely on conducting due diligence on financial statements and periodic 
company updates originated by a common investment manager. By contrast, because many portfolios of direct 
investments being targeted by the Fund may be collections of the private equity assets of a seller other than private 
equity funds managed by a common investment manager, many GP-led Secondaries may lack the benefit of financial 
statements and periodic company updates that would be originated by a common investment manager. This may affect 
the ability of the Fund to conduct fundamental due diligence on the portfolio companies comprising such investment 
portfolios. 
Termination of the Fund's interest in an underlying fund 
The general partner or manager of an underlying fund may, among other things, terminate the Fund's interest in such 
underlying fund if the Fund fails to satisfy any capital call by that underlying fund or if the general partner or manager of 
that underlying fund determines that the continued participation of the Fund in the underlying fund would have a material 
adverse effect on the underlying fund or its assets. The Fund may tail to meet a capital call if an Investor fails to honor a 
capital call by the Fund and such shortfall cannot be made up by the other Investors, a new investor, a borrowing, the 
Manager or otherwise. 
Reliance on management of portfolio companies 
While it is the intent of the Fund to invest in underlying funds with proven investment fund managers and companies with 
proven operating management in place, there can be no assurance that such management will continue to operate 
successfully. Although the Fund will monitor the performance of each underlying fund and investment, it will rely upon 
management to operate the underlying funds and portfolio companies on a day-to-day basis. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039311 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185495 
EFTA01354715

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354716.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Leverage 
The leveraged capital structure of some vintage funds and portfolio companies in which the Fund may directly or 
indirectly invest will increase the exposure of such investments to adverse financial or economic conditions such as 
significantly rising interest rates, severe economic downturns or deterioration in the condition of the investment or its 
corresponding market. Under such conditions, the value of the Fund's direct or indirect investment in a portfolio company 
could be significantly reduced or even eliminated. There may be a substantial amount of indebtedness in connection with 
such portfolio company investments. Global financial markets have experienced a variety of difficulties and changed 
economic conditions in recent years. These developments and new developments, if they occur, could have a significant 
effect upon the availability and terms of financing, as well as the purchase and sale price of assets, and accordingly. 
could adversely affect the Fund's or an underlying fund's ability to make or dispose of investments. the type of 
investments that may be made and the returns received with respect to such investments. 
Investments in troubled and leveraged companies 
The Fund may invest indirectly, through the underlying funds, in securities of financially troubled companies and 
securities of highly leveraged companies. While these investments are likely to be particularly risky. they also may offer 
the potential for correspondingly high returns. Under certain circumstances, payments to the mderlying funds and 
distributions by the underlying funds to their investors, including to the Fund, may be reclaimed on bankruptcy or 
insolvency if any such payment is later determined to have been a preferential payment.
Venture capital investments 
The Fund may invest in interests in limited partnerships devoted to early stage venture capital investments. which is a 
segment of the venture capital business with the highest degree of investment risk. Typically, the portfolio companies in 
which such limited partnerships invest have no operating history, unproven technology, untested management and 
unknown future capital requirements. 
These companies often face intense competition, often from established 
companies with much greater financial, manufacturing and technical resources, more marketing and service capabilities, 
and a greater number of qualified persomel. To the extent there is a public market for the securities of these companies, 
they may be subject to abrupt and erratic market price movements. The indirect investments by the Fund in limited 
partnerships focused on investments of this type will be highly speculative and may result in the loss of the Fund's entire 
capital contributions in respect of such investments. There can be no assurance that any such losses will be offset by 
gains (it any) realized in other portfolio companies of the Fund. 
Valuation 
Market events and valuation issues may impact the Fund and the underlying funds. The valuation methodology and 
timing may vary between the investments made by the Fund and therefore impact the valuation analysis of the Fund.
Lack of liquidity of the Fund's investments 
The return of capital on investments and the realization of gains, if any, will generally occur only upon the partial or 
complete disposition of an investment. Investments will generally be highly illiquid compared to other asset classes. and 
it is unlikely that there will be a public market for most of the investments made. 
No established market for secondaries investments 
There is no established market for secondaries investments and although there has been an increasing volume of sales 
of secondaries investments, no liquid market is expected to develop for secondaries. 
Moreover, the market for 
secondaries has been evolving and is likely to continue to evolve. The Manager expects that the Fund may acquire 
interests in investment funds and direct private equity investments in portfolio companies on an opportunistic basis from 
existing investors in such funds (and not from the issuers of such interests) and from existing holders of direct 
investments (and not from the portfolio companies directly). There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039312 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185496 
EFTA01354716

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354717.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354717.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
identity sufficient secondaries investment opportunities or that it will be able to acquire sufficient secondaries investments 
on attractive terms. 
Risks of investing on a secondary basis in real estate and real estate-related assets 
Secondary investments in investment funds that invest in real estate and real estate•related assets are subject to various 
risks. including adverse changes in national or international economic conditions, adverse local market conditions. the 
financial conditions of tenants, buyers and sellers of properties, changes in the availability or terms of financing. changes 
in interest rates, exchange rates. real estate tax rates and other operating expenses. environmental laws and 
regulations, zoning laws and other governmental rules and fiscal policies, energy prices, changes in the relative 
popularity of certain property types or the availability of purchasers to acquire properties. risks due to dependence on 
cash flow, risks and operating problems arising out of the presence of certain construction materials, as well as acts of 
God, uninsurable losses, war, terrorism, earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes or floods and other factors which are 
beyond the control of an investor. 
Multiple levels of expense 
The Fund and the underlying private equity funds in which it invests impose management and/or administrative costs. 
expenses and performance allocations. This will result in greater expense to the Investors than if such costs, expenses 
and allocations were not charged by the Fund and Investors were able to invest directly in the underlying private equity 
funds in which the Fund invests or the portfolio companies of those underlying funds. 
Contingent liabilities associated with investment fund interests acquired in secondary 
transactions 
Where the Fund acquires an interest in an investment fund in a secondanes transaction. such Fund may acquire 
contingent liabilities of the seller of the interest. More specifically, where the seller has received distributions from the 
relevant private equity fund and, subsequently, that private equity fund recalls one or more of these distributions, the 
Fund (as the purchaser of the interest to which such distributions are attributable and not the seller) may be obliged to 
return monies equivalent to such distributions to the private equity fund. While the Fund may. in turn, make a claim 
against the seller for any such monies so paid to the private equity fund, there can be no assurances that the Fund would 
prevail on such claim. 
Underlying funds invest independently 
The underlying funds in which the Fund will invest generally invest wholly independently of one another and may at times 
hold economically offsetting positions. To the extent that such underlying funds hold such positions, considered as a 
whale they may not achieve any gain of loss despite incurring fees and expenses in connection with such positions. In 
addition, a manager of such an underlying fund may be compensated based on the performance of its investments. 
Accordingly, there may often be times when a particular manager may receive incentive compensation in respect of its 
investments for a period even though the overall value of such underlying funds depreciated during such period. 
Investors will not have any direct interest in a portfolio investment 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a direct or indirect offering of interests in portfolio investments. Investors 
will not be limited partners in the underlying funds in which the Fund will invest, will have no direct interest in such 
underlying funds and will have no voting rights in, or standing or recourse against, any such funds. Moreover, none of 
the Investors will have the right to participate in the control, management or operations of any such underlying fund or 
have any discretion over the management of any such underlying fund by reason of their investment in the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039313 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185497 
EFTA01354717

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354718.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund W, LP 
Limited ability to negotiate secondary transaction terms 
Where the Fund makes an investment on a secondary basis, the Fund will generally not have the ability to negotiate the 
amendments to the constitutional documents of an underlying fund, enter into side letters or otherwise negotiate the legal 
or economic terms of the interest in the underlying fund being acquired. 
Investments longer than term 
The Fund may make investments that may not be exited or realized in full prior to the date that the Fund will be 
liquidated, either by expiration of the Funds term or otherwise. Although the Manager expects that target investments 
will be disposed of or otherwise realized prior to liquidation, the Fund may have to sell, distribute, or otherwise dispose of 
investments at a disadvantageous time as a result of its liquidation. 
Part B - Risks Related to an Investment in the Fund 
Nature of Fund investments 
An investment in the Fund requires a long-term commitment, with no certainty of return or of an Investor receiving any 
distributions from the Fund. There most likely will be little or no near-term cash flow available to Investors. Many of the 
Fund's investments will be highly illiquid. and there can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to realize such 
investments in a timely manner. Consequently, dispositions of such investments may require a lengthy time period or 
may result in distributions in kind to the Investors. Additionally, the Fund will typically acquire securities that cannot be 
sold except pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act or in a private placement or other 
transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act and that complies with any applicable non-U.S. securities 
laws. The securities in which the Fund will directly or indirectly invest generally will be the most junior in what typically 
will be a complex capital structure, and thus subject to the greatest risk of loss. Certain of the Fund's investments may 
be in businesses with little or no operating history. Since the Fund may only make a limited number of investments, and 
since the Funds investments generally will involve a high degree of risk, poor performance by a few of the investments 
could severely affect the total returns to the Limited Partners. The performance of portfolio investments of the SOF 
Funds is not necessarily indicative of the results that will be achieved by the Fund. 
Restrictions on transfer and withdrawal 
An investment in the Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors who have the financial resources necessary to 
withstand the risk of a potential loss of their entire investment. There is no public market for the Interests, and none is 
expected to develop. The Fund Documents contain restrictions on the transferability of the Interests and the withdrawal 
of Investors. The Interests are not transferable except with the consent of the General Partner or the Manager, which 
may be withheld in their absolute discretion, and are subject to the terms and conditions of the Fund Documents. 
Investors may not withdraw capital from the Fund. Consequently. Investors should not expect to be able to liquidate their 
investments prior to the end of the Fund's term. 
Performance risk 
The performance of the Fund may not meet the Fund's target return. None of the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, 
the General Partner or the Second GP guarantees any level of return to Investors or the repayment of capital from the 
Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as an indication of the future performance of the Fund. The 
Fund will make investments based on estimates or projections of internal rates of return and current returns, which in 
turn will be based on, among other considerations, assumptions regarding the performance of the Fund assets, the 
amount and terms of available financing and the manner and timing of dispositions. including possible asset recovery 
and remediation strategies, all of which are subject to significant uncertainty. In addition, events or conditions which 
have not been anticipated may occur and may have a significant effect on the actual rate of return received on the 
Fund's investments. The assumptions made by the Manager may not prove to be valid, and may be based in part upon 
Confidential Private Placement Memotandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039314 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185498 
EFTA01354718

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354719.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354719.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
projections of future events which are difficult to predict and beyond the control of the Fund and the Manager. Investors 
have no assurance that actual internal rates of return and current returns will equal or exceed the projected rates of 
return or that any capital will be returned to them. 
Poor performance by a few of the Fund's investments could substantially affect the total return to Investors. The Fund 
may. directly or indirectly, invest in private equity businesses which are believed to be sound and offer good prospects 
for growth. Such businesses may have little or no operating history. There can be no assurance that any business in 
which the Fund invests will perform to expectations. 
Losses borne exclusively by the Fund and its Partners 
The Manager and its affiliates will not be liable for any losses that the Fund may incur. My such losses will be borne 
exclusively by the Fund and, in turn, by the Fund's Partners. 
Additional risk of loss as a result of the use of leverage 
The Fund may at any time, subject to the restrictions in the Fund Documents, borrow funds to make investments on a 
leveraged basis. The interest expense and other costs incurred in correction with such borrowing may not be recovered 
by income from investments purchased by the Fund. Gains realized with borrowed funds may cause the value of the 
portfolio held by the Fund to increase at a faster rate than would be the case without borrowings. If, however, investment 
results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the value of the portfolio held by the Fund could decrease faster than if there 
had been no such borrowings. Additionally, if the investments fail to perform to expectations, the interest of Investors in 
the Fund would be subordinated to such leverage, which would compound any such adverse consequences. Further, to 
the extent income received from investments is used to make interest and principal payments on the Fund's borrowings. 
Investors may be allocated income, and therefore tax liability, in excess of cash received by them in distributions. 
Investors will be aware that the stability of certain financial markets has deteriorated in recent years. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may affect the ability of the Manager to find and/or secure finance for suitable investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Drawdowns and use of subscription line facilities 
The Fund may fund the making of portfolio investments with proceeds from drawdowns under one or more revolving 
credit facilities (the collateral for which can be. for example, the undrawn capital commitments of Investors) prior to 
calling Commitments. Drawdowns, including those used to pay interest on subscription line facilities and other 
indebtedness, may from time to time be "batched' together into larger, less frequent capital calls or closings, with the 
Fund's interim capital needs being satisfied by the Fund borrowing money from such credit facilities. My such interim 
borrowings incurred are expected to be temporary and short•term in nature. The interest expense and other costs of any 
such borrowings will be fund expenses and, accordingly, decrease net multiples of the Fund. It is expected that interest 
will accrue on any such outstanding borrowings at a rate lower than the preferred return, which will begin accning when 
drawdowns to repay borrowings used to fund such portfolio investments or interim expenditures are actually made to the 
Fund. The use of borrowing in this manner may therefore have the effect of accelerating the Special Limited Partner's 
entitlement to carded interest by decreasing the amount of preferred return that is required to be distributed to Investors. 
In light of the foregoing, the Manager has an incentive to cause the Fund to borrow in this manner in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments. Ma general matter. use of borrowings in lieu of drawing down Commitments amplifies IRRs (either 
negative or positive) to Investors. 
Investment history 
Although the information herein and in other materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, none of the Fund, the Manager or their respective 
affiliates guarantee its accuracy, completeness or fairness. The performance data relating to the SOF Funds presented 
herein and in the materials provided in connection with the marketing of the Interests is as of June 30, 2017 (unless 
noted otherwise) and may no longer be representative of the current position. Such data has not been audited or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039315 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185499 
EFTA01354719

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354720.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354720.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
otherwise verified by any outside party and should not be construed as representative of the returns that may be 
achieved in the future. The return data does not reflect a composite and has not been presented in accordance with 
Association for Investment Management Research (AMR) standards. 
No assurance can be given that the past 
investments made by any of the SOF Funds would be suitable for the Fund. Past performance is not an indication of 
future results and no representation or warranty is made as to the returns which may be experienced by Investors. 
Availability of investments and competitive nature of the Fund's business 
The business of the Fund is highly competitive. The success of the Fund depends on the ability of the Manager to 
identify and select appropriate investment opportunities as well as the Fund's ability to acquire such investments in a 
competitive environment. The Fund will be competing for investment opportunities against other investors. including 
private equity funds and hedge funds. The availability of investments and/or the price of such investments will be affected 
by these competitors for such investments, many of which (i) have financial and strategic resources significantly in 
excess of those of the Fund. (id may make competing offers for investment opportunities that are identified by the Fund. 
and (iii) may be willing to offer terms more favorable than those offered by the Fund. Competition for investment 
opportunities may increase, thus reducing the number of opportunities available to the Fund and adversely affecting the 
terms upon which investments can be made. Consequently, the Manager may be unable to identify a sufficient number 
of investment opportunities for the Fund and the Fund may be unable to acquire investments on attractive terms. There 
is no guarantee that suitable investments will be or can be secured, or that they will be successful, or that they will meet 
the Fund's requirements in respect of diversity. There can be no assurance that the Manager will be able to identify and 
consummate a sufficient number of investments to permit the Fund either to invest all of its capital, to diversify its 
investments to the extent anticipated, or to meet the Fund's return objectives. Also, the Fund may incur bid costs on 
transactions that may not be successful, and consequently the Fund may not be able to recover such costs, which would 
adversely affect returns. No assurance is given that the Fund's investment objective will be achieved. 
Dependence on the Manager, key personnel and service providers 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-to-day operations of the Fund. including investment and disposition 
decisions. In order to safeguard their limited liability for the debts and obligations of the Fund. Investors must rely 
entirely on the General Partner, and by virtue of the relevant agreements. the Manager, and their respective personnel to 
supervise. conduct and manage the affairs of the Fund. 
The success of the Fund depends in substantial part on the skill and expertise of the Key Persons and other investment 
executives of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser. There can be no assurance that such persons will continue to be 
associated with the Manager or the U.S. Adviser (as the case may be) throughout the Ude of the Fund. The loss of the 
skill and expertise of such persons could have a material adverse effect on the Fund. In addition, Investors should be 
aware that the Manager and certain personnel of the Manager (including the Key Persons) will continue to devote such 
time and attention to the management of the SOF Funds as is required to discharge their duties relating to the ongoing 
activities of the SOF Finds. 
The Fund is reliant on the performance of its depositary for its successful operation. and may be materially affected by a 
failure in the depositary's performance. 
Lack of operating history 
Although members of the Manager's investment team have had extensive experience investing in the private equity 
sector, the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Second GP are newly formed entities with 
no operating history upon which to evaluate the Fund's likely performance. Investors must rely upon the Manager to 
identify, structure and implement investments consistent with the Fund's investment objectives and policies. 
Prior affiliation with Deutsche Bank 
As described in 'History in Section 1 Executive Summary of this Memorandum, not all members of the investment and 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039316 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165500 
EFTA01354720

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354721.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Valuation risk 
The Fund will be relying upon the Manager for valuation of its investments. The Fund's investments in many cases will 
be difficult to value due to various factors, including the nature of private equity assets, the absence of readily 
ascertainable market values and comparables. and limited sources of useful valuation information. In addition, the 
valuation of an investment may not always be consistent with, and therefore may be higher than, the price at which the 
investment could be sold on any particular valuation date. Such valuations will be subject to inherent uncertainty, and 
will be made under a number of assumptions which may not ultimately be realized. There can be no assurance that the 
valuations will in fact represent the actual value of the investments or the amounts that could at such time or may 
ultimately be realized with respect to the investments. Valuation uncertainties may be compounded if there are problems 
with the economies of the markets in which the Fund operates. 
Absence of Investment Company Act protection 
The Fund is not required to, and will not. register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the 'Investment Company Act), and, accordingly, the provisions of the Investment Company Act 
(which, among other things, require investment companies to have a majority of disinterested directors, require securities 
held in custody to at all times be individually segregated from the securities of any other person and marked to dearly 
identify such securities as the property of such investment company and regulate the relationship between the adviser 
and the investment company) are not applicable. 
Tax risks 
The Fund andlor the Investors could become subject to additional or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which the 
Fund operates or invests. In addition, withholding taxes and other local source taxes may be imposed on the Fund's 
earnings. These taxes may not be creditable or deductible by the Fund or its subsidiaries or the Investors. While it is 
intended that the activities of the Fund. the General Partner, the Second GP. the Manager and their respective offices 
should not create a permanent establishment or other form of taxable presence of the Fund or any of its subsidiaries in 
any jurisdiction in which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries, or the General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager or any 
of their respective offices, operates or invests. there is a risk that the relevant tax authorities in one or more of such 
jurisdictions could take a contrary view. If for any reason the Fund or any of its subsidiaries is held to have a permanent 
establishment or other such presence in any such jurisdiction, the Fund or such subsidiary could be subject to significant 
taxation in such jurisdiction. 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD) together with the G20 countries has 
committed to reduce perceived abusive global tax avoidance, referred to as base erosion and profit shifting (-REPS"). As 
part of this commitment, an action plan has been developed to address BEPS with the aim of securing revenue by 
realigning taxation with economic activities and value creation by creating a single set of consensus based international 
tax rules. As part of the REPS project ft is anticipated that new rules dealing with the operation of double tax treaties, the 
definition of permanent establishments and how hybrid instruments are taxed will be introduced. 
Depending on if and how these proposals are implemented, they may have a material impact on how returns to Investors 
are taxed. Such implementation may also give rise to additional reporting and disclosure obligations for Investors. Some 
OECD countries, including the UK, have begun the process of implementing the BEPS proposals. 
In addition to national implementation of BEPS. the European Council has adopted Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives that 
address many of the same issues. The measures included in the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives are required to be 
implemented into the national law of each EU Member State, to take effect from no later than either January 1. 2019, 
January 1. 2020 or January 1, 2022 depending on the provision and the Member State. 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039318 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185502 
EFTA01354721

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354722.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund tV, LP 
Global taxes 
The Manager may make certain decisions to maximize pre-tax returns that result in tax-exempt Investors incurring 
greater tax costs than might otherwise be the case. For example, in some cases, the Manager may forego certain 
actions with regard to acquisition, financing, management and disposition of investments that would reduce taxes 
because such actions would reduce overall pre-tax returns to all the Investors. 
Investments and holding structures will be considered on their merits by the Manager but without regard to the taxation, 
legal or other circumstances of the Investors. 
Change in tax law 
There may be changes in the tax laws or interpretations of tax laws in jurisdictions in which the Fund or any of its 
subsidiaries operates, is managed, is advised, is promoted or invests, or in which Investors are resident, that are adverse 
to the Fund. its subsidiaries, or the Investors. Changes to taxation treaties or interpretations of taxation treaties between 
one or more such jurisdictions and the countries through which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries holds investments or in 
which an Investor is resident may adversely affect the Fund's ability to efficiently realize income or capital gains. 
Consequently, it is possible that the Fund or its subsidiaries may face unfavorable tax treatment in such jurisdictions that 
may materially adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Tax treatment 
There can be no assurance that the structure of the Fund or of any investments will be tax-efficient for any particular 
Investor Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. 
Phantom income 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will have sufficient cash flow to permit the Fund to make distributions to 
Investors in amounts necessary to enable them to pay all tax liabilities resulting from their ownership of Interests. See 
also Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Risks from changes in the taxation of carried interest 
The ability of the Manager to achieve the investment objectives of the Fund depends, to a substantial degree, on the 
ability of the Manager and its affiliates to retain and motivate its investment professionals and other key personnel, and to 
recruit talented new personnel. 
The ability of the Manager and its affiliates to recruit, retain and motivate their 
professionals is dependent on their ability to offer highly attractive incentive opportunities. Legislation has recently been 
enacted in the U.S. which treats certain capital gain income that is recognized by an investment partnership and 
allocable to a partner affiliated with the sponsor of the partnership (i.e., carried interest) as short-term capital gain 
generally taxed at ordinary rates to such partner for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It is currently unclear the impact 
this legislation will have on the Manager and its affiliates or any professionals of such organizations, however, it is 
possible this legislation (or if additional similar legislation were enacted, such other legislation) would materially increase 
their tax liability with respect to their entitlement to carried interest. This may adversely affect the Manager's and its 
affiliates' ability to attract and retain certain investment professionals. which may have an adverse effect on their ability to 
achieve the investment objectives of the Fund. 
Corporate offense of failure to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion 
The UK Criminal Finances Act 2017 introduced, with effect from September 30. 2017, a corporate offence of failure to 
prevent the criminal facilitation of tax evasion. The offence can be committed by bodies corporate and partnerships, 
wherever incorporated or formed and could therefore impact the Fund and its investments. The offence is committed 
when an associated person of the body corporate or partnership commits criminal facilitation of tax evasion when acting 
in the capacity of an associated person. The offense is wide in scope and catches facilitation of foreign tax evasion as 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039319 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185503 
EFTA01354722

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354723.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund W. LP 
well as UK tax evasion. It is a complete defense if the body corporate or partnership has reasonable procedures in place 
designed to prevent persons associated with it from committing tax evasion facilitation offences. 
The Manager intends to (i) implement reasonable procedures to prevent associated persons from committing criminal 
facilitation of tax evasion, and (a) consider the offence in respect of the Fund's investments. It is nevertheless possible 
that an English court would not find these procedures reasonable and the Manager could be found guilty of this criminal 
offence and subject to unlimited financial penalties. 
Co-investment risks, counterparty risks and investments via other entities 
The Fund may make investments via other entities and in a joint venture, co-investment or partnership arrangement with 
other parties. This may involve alternative investment vehicles (where the Fund may cause the Investors to transfer a 
portion of their Commitments to such entities), partnerships, joint ventures, companies, trusts or other entities. Such 
arrangements may involve additional risks (such as the risk that the Manager will not be as familiar with the operation of 
such entities, or the risk of higher costs associated with their formation, structuring or operation, or relationships with 
co-venturers deteriorating) and the Fund's investment via such entities may be impacted by other parties if made on a 
joint venture, co-investment or partnership basis (e.g., where a co-venturer, co-investor or partner defaults on its funding 
obligations, or is in a position to take action contrary to the Fund's objectives due to having economic or business 
interests or goals that are not consistent with those of the Fund, or where the Fund is liable for actions of such 
co-venturer, co-investor or partner). Additionally, to the extent that a co-venturer, co-investor or partner operates a 
project. the Fund will bear the risk of actions or omissions by such co-venturer, co-investor or partner. While the 
Manager will seek to limit the extent to which such factors can affect the Fund, such actions or omissions may not be 
sufficient to protect the Fund from loss. There is a risk that co-venturers, co-investors, partners or counterparties may 
default on their contractual obligations to the Fund or the Fund's investments. My such default would likely have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Fund's investments and on the returns to Investors. In addition, the Fund may co-
invest with other parties through partnerships. joint ventures or other entities. Under such circumstances. there is the 
possibility that the entity in which the Fund's investment is made or such co-investor may have economic or business 
interests or goals that are not entirely consistent with those of the Fund. In addition, the Fund may. in certain 
circumstances, be liable for actions of its co-investors. 
Dilution from subsequent closings 
Investors subscribing for Interests after the First Closing will participate in existing investments of the Fuld, diluting the 
interest of existing Investors therein. 
Although such Investors will contribute their pro rata share of prior Fund 
drawdowns (plus interest), there can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Indemnification 
The Fund will indemnify. and hold harmless. the General Partner. the Second GP. the Manager, the U.S. Adviser and 
each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund; each of the current and 
former officers. directors, employees, managers. agents of any of the General Partner, the Second GP. the Manager, the 
U.S. Adviser and each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund, each 
person serving, or who has served, as a member of the Fund Advisory Committee (and. with respect to claims or 
damages arising out of or relating to such service only, the Investor that such person represents and each of such 
Investor's officers, directors, employees, partners, members, managers, agents and other representatives), and any 
other third party designated by the General Partner as a covered person who serves at the request of the General 
Partner or the Manager directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund from and against any liabilities. actions, proceedings. 
claims, costs, demands and expenses to which they may become subject by reason of their activities on behalf of the 
Fund. unless such liabilities. actions. proceedings, claims. costs, demands and expenses result from certain conduct of 
such indemnified person as specified in the Fund Partnership Agreement. Indemnification of these indemnified persons 
may impair the financial condition of the Fund and its ability to acquire investments or otherwise achieve its investment 
objective or meet its obligations. Furthermore, the Investors may be required to return certain distributions for the 
purpose of satisfying any claim under such indemnity, subject to certain limitations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039320 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001855O4 
EFTA01354723

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354724.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Short-term investments 
Amounts drawn down from Investors will be invested by the Fund in short-term instnrnents pending investment in 
secondaries transactions. During such interim periods, these short-term investments may produce lower returns for 
Investors than the returns earned by direct investors in the underlying private equity funds in which the Fund invests (or 
by direct investors in portfolio companies) for the same period. 
Follow-on investments 
The Fund may be called upon to provide follow-up funding for portfolio companies or have the opportunity to increase its 
investment in such portfolio companies. There can be no assurance that the Manager will wish to make follow-on 
investments or that the Fund will have sufficient funds to do so. My decision by the Manager not to make follow-on 
investments or its inability to make them may have a substantial negative impact on a portfolio company in need of such 
an investment or may diminish the Fund's ability to influence the portfolio company's future development. 
Risks upon disposition of investments 
In connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company or otherwise, the Fund may be required to 
make representations about the business and financial affairs of the portfolio company typical of those made in 
connection with the sale of any business, or may be responsible for the contents of disclosure documents under 
applicable securities laws. 
The Fund may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment or 
underwriters to the extent that any such representations or disclosure documents turn out to be incorrect, inaccurate or 
misleading. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities, which might ultimately have to be funded by the 
Investors. The Fund Partnership Agreement contains provisions to the effect that if there is any such claim in respect of 
a portfolio company, it may be funded by the Investors to the extent that they have received distributions from the Fund. 
subject to certain limitations. 
Furthermore, the Investors may, under certain circumstances, be required to return certain distributions for the purpose 
of satisfying certain other obligations and liabilities of the Fund of which they are Investors. 
Recourse to all assets 
The assets of the Fund. including any investments made by the Fund, are available to satisfy all liabilities and other 
obligations of the Fund. If the Fund becomes subject to a liability, parties seeking to have the liability satisfied may have 
recourse to the Fund's assets generally and not be limited to any particular assets. such as the asset representing the 
investment giving rise to the liability. This may result in the Fund disposing of assets it holds in order to satisfy liabilities 
arising from other assets. 
Defaulting Investors are subject to the discretion of the Manager 
If an Investor fails to meet drawdown notices, the Manager may delay, suspend or forfeit such Investor's right to receive 
payments from the Fund or the return of Commitments to such defaulting Investor. 
Expedited transactions 
Investment analyses and decisions by the Manager may frequently be required to be undertaken on an expedited basis 
to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the information available to the Manager at the time of an 
investment decision may be limited, and the Manager may not have access to detailed information regarding the 
investment opportunity. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the Manager will have knowledge of all relevant 
circumstances that may adversely affect an investment. 
In addition, the Manager may rely upon independent 
consultants in connection with its evaluation of proposed investments; however, no assurance can be given that these 
consultants will accurately evaluate such investments. and the Fund may incur liability as a result of such consultants' 
actions. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039321 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185505 
EFTA01354724

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354725.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Emerging markets risk 
The Fund may hold interests in investments of the underlying funds in countries that are considered "emerging markets'. 
Investors should consider a number of risks associated with investments in emerging markets countries. For example. 
investments may be subject to changing political environments, regulatory restrictions, and changes in government 
institutions and policies, any of which could adversely affect private investments. In addition, changes in policy with 
regard to taxation, fiscal and monetary policies, repatriation of profits, and other economic regulations are possible, any 
of which could have an adverse effect on private investments. Laws and regulations in emerging markets, particularly 
those relating to foreign investment and taxation, may be subject to change or evolving interpretation. In addition, to the 
extent that the Fund indirectly holds assets in local currencies in countries outside the United States. the Fund will be 
exposed to a degree of currency risk that may adversely affect performance. In addition, investments may be made in 
countries where generally accepted accounting standards and practices differ significantly from those practiced in the 
United States, the United Kingdom and certain other European countries. The evaluation of potential investments and 
the ability to perform due diligence may be affected. The Fund and/or the Investors could become subject to additional 
or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which they have indirect investments. Changes to taxation treaties (or their 
interpretation) between the jurisdictions in which Investors are tax resident and the countries in which the Fund has direct 
or indirect investments may adversely affect their ability to efficiently realize income or capital gains. Moreover, certain of 
the transactions of underlying funds or their fund investments may be undertaken through local brokers, banks or other 
organizations outside the United States and the United Kingdom, and the underlying funds and their fund investments 
will be subject to the risk of default, insolvency or fraud of such organizations. The countries in which the Fund has 
indirect investments may control, in varying degrees. the repatriation of capital and profits that results from foreign 
investments. There can be no assurance that the underlying funds and their fund investments will be permitted to 
repatriate capital or profits, if any, over the life of their activities. 
No separate counsel 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP will act as special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner and may act as counsel to 
underlying private equity funds in which the Fund invests in connection with their organization, offering and ongoing 
investment activities. The Fund, the Manager and the General Partner have acknowledged and agreed that. in certain 
instances, Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. as counsel to an underlying private equity fund in which the Fund invests, may 
have to withdraw as counsel to the Manager and the General Partner if a conflict arises between the Fund and such 
underlying fund. In such an instance, the Fund would be required to retain additional counsel. Separate counsel has not 
been engaged to act on behalf of Investors in the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Debevoise & Plimpton 
LLP does not represent or owe any duty to any Investor or to the Investors as a group in connection with its role as 
special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner.
Diverse investor group 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for another Investor, especially with respect to 
Investors' particular tax situations. In selecting and structuring investments appropriate for the Find, the Manager will 
consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and its Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Sovereign status of certain investors 
Certain Investors may enjoy sovereign or other immunities and privileges under English or foreign law and may claim to 
be or insist on being restricted in their ability to submit to the jurisdiction of particular courts and tribunals, including those 
designated in the Fund Documents. These factors may make it substantially more difficult for the Manager and the other 
parties to the Fund Documents to enforce the contractual obligations of such an Investor, including for example its 
obligations to comply with any drawdovm notice, which may have adverse consequences for the Fund and the other 
Investors. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039322 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185506 
EFTA01354725

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354726.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Side letters 
The General Partner or the Manager may enter into other written agreements with one or more Limited Partners which 
have the effect of establishing additional rights or alerting or supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement 
(each, a 'Side Letter). My such Side Letter may entitle a Limited Partner to make an investment in the Fund on terms 
other than those described herein, in the Fund Partnership Agreement and in the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests. My such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the Fund, (ii) transfers to 
affiliates. (iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events. (iv) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of fees, or (vi) any other matters, may be more favorable than those offered to any 
other Limited Partners. If the General Partner or the Manager enters into a Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to be 
excused from an investment of the Fund, other Investors may be required to increase their funded commitment by their 
pro rata share of the unfunded amount. 
Part C — General Risks 
General market risk 
General movements in local and international stock markets, prevailing economic conditions, investor sentiment and 
interest rates could all affect the market price of the listed securities of entities in which the Fund holds indirect interests. 
Investors will be aware that. in recent years. the stability of certain financial markets has significantly deteriorated. certain 
market participants are in financial distress, the availability of credit has significantly declined in certain markets and the 
value of financial assets has become more volatile and, in certain circumstances, has generally fallen. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Economic conditions 
General: The Fund's activities and results may be affected by a number of economic factors that are outside the control 
of the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Second GP. These factors include interest 
rates, inflation, deflation, general levels of economic activity, the price of securities and participation by other investors in 
the financial markets. There is no assurance that lenders will continue to provide financing at current or historic valuation 
levels to private equity. Instability in the securities, currency, commodity and other markets may also increase the risks 
inherent in the Fund's investments. 
Interest rates: Certain underlying investment assets of the Fund may be highly leveraged. Movements in the level of 
interest rates may affect the returns from these assets more significantly than investments in other types of assets. In 
particular, the type of debt, maturity profile, interest rates and covenants in place are among the factors which could 
affect the timing and magnitude of returns. 
Inflation and deflation. Inflation or deflation may affect the Fund's investments adversely in a number of ways. 
During periods of rising inflation, interest and dividend rates of any instruments in which the Fund has invested, or which 
investments or entities related to investments may have issued, could increase, which would tend to reduce returns to 
Investors. 
Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could also be accompanied by rising prices of 
commodities that are critical to the operation of certain assets (e.g., infrastructure) or to the return expected with respect 
to such assets. During periods of high inflation, capital tends to flee to other assets. such as (historically) gold, which 
may adversely affect the prices at which the Fund is able to sefl certain investments. Certain underlying investments 
may have fixed income streams and, therefore, there may be limited cash available for distribution. The market value of 
such investments may decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. Some of the Fund's underlying investments may 
have income linked to inflation through contractual rights or other means. However, as inflation may affect both income 
and expenses, any increase in income may not be sufficient to cover increases in expenses. 
During periods of deflation, the demand for the products and/or services provided by the businesses or assets in which 
the Fund may have indirectly invested could fall. reducing the revenues generated by, and so the value of. such 
investments and therefore reducing returns to Investors. Where the operating costs and expenses associated with any 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039323 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185507 
EFTA01354726

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354727.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
such investments do not fall by a corresponding amount, the rate of return to Investors could be further reduced. Periods 
of deflation are often characterized by a tightening of money supply and credit, which could limit the amounts available to 
the Fund with which to make and/or leverage investments. and so limit the number and size of investments that the Fund 
may make and affect the rate of return to Investors. Such economic constraints could also make certain assets in which 
the Fund may invest and related businesses more illiquid. preventing the Fund from divesting such assets efficiently and 
so reducing the return to Investors from such investments. Deflation may also make it more difficult for investments 
which are leveraged at the asset level to meet or service their debt obligations, due to reductions in revenues and 
increases in the size of the debt relative to the overall value of an investment. 
Currency risks 
Commitments will be denominated, and drawdowns and distributions made, in U.S. dollars but the Fund may make and 
realize investments in currencies other than U.S. dollars and. as a result, the value of investments may go up or down 
solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. The Fund will incur costs in connection with conversions 
between various currencies. The Manager will attempt to maximize U.S. dollar revenues and sales proceeds, and the 
Fund and its underlying investments may engage in hedging transactions to reduce currency risk. There can be no 
assurance. however, that such hedging transactions, if the Fund chooses to enter into them, will fully protect against the 
risk of currency fluctuations. Moreover, hedging transactions themselves may involve additional risks and result in 
transaction costs. Investors should be aware that if their reference currency is a currency other than U.S. dollars. their 
investment in the Fund may be adversely affected by any reduction in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to their 
reference currency. They may also incur the further transaction costs of converting U.S. dollars into another currency. 
Such Investors are strongly urged to consult their financial advisers with a view to determining whether they should enter 
into hedging transactions to offset these risks. 
Status of debt markets and availability of financing 
In recent years. disruptions in the debt markets have caused a significant decrease in the availability of financing, an 
increase in interest rates (despite decreases in base rates) and a tightening of lending and underwriting standards for 
investments in general. Such conditions may impair the Fund's ability to obtain financing or refinancing to fund the 
acquisition of investments, or such financing may be available to the Fund on less favorable terms. In addition, because 
purchasers of investments held directly or indirectly by the Fund typically require acquisition financing to fund a portion of 
the purchase price. these conditions may adversely affect the availability of favorable exit opportunities for such 
investments. This could have a serious adverse effect on the Fund's ability to implement its investment strategy and 
generate returns. The continuation or worsening of the disruptions in the debt markets could have an adverse impact on 
the availability of credit to businesses generally. Under the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act, and under other international bank regulatory frameworks, such as Basel III, banking organizations and 
other financial institutions are required to hold additional regulatory capital and to meet more stringent liquidity, leverage 
and other similar tests. The timing. scope and cumulative effect of these regulatory developments is not fully known, but 
they may result in lenders being less willing and able to extend credit to borrowers like the Fund and/or increased costs 
to lenders, which are passed on to borrowers such as the Fund. 
Legal, tax and regulatory risks of private funds 
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur that may adversely affect the Fund. The legal, tax and regulatory 
environment for funds that invest in alternative investments is evolving, and changes in the regulation and market 
perception of such funds. including changes to existing laws and regulations and increased criticism of the private equity 
and alternative asset industry by some politicians, regulators and market commentators, may adversely affect the ability 
of the Fund to pursue its investment strategy and the value of investments held by the Fund. In recent years, market 
disruptions and the dramatic increase in the capital allocated to alternative investment strategies have led to increased 
governmental as well as self-regulatory scrutiny of the alternative investment fund industry in general. Recently, there 
has been significant discussion regarding greater governmental scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private 
investment industry, as private equity and other private investment firms become more significant participants in the 
broad-based economy. It is in many cases uncertain what form such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the private 
equity industry ultimately may take and in what jurisdictions such measures may be implemented. Therefore. there can 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039324 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185508 
EFTA01354727

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354728.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
be no assurance as to whether any such regulatory scrutiny or initiatives will have an adverse impact on the private 
investment industry, including the ability of the Fund to achieve its objectives. It is impossible to predict what, if any, 
changes may be instituted with respect to the regulations applicable to the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Second GP and their respective affiliates, the markets in which they operate and invest or the 
couMerpanies with which they do business, or what effect such legislation or regulations might have. There can be no 
assurance that the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, the Second GP and their respective 
affiliates will be able, for financial reasons or otherwise, to comply with future laws and regulations, and any regulations 
which restrict the ability of the Fund to implement its investment strategy. 
Brexit 
The UK has formally notified the European Council of its intention to leave the European Union ['Broth"). Under the 
process for leaving the European Union contemplated in article 50 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, the UK will remain a member state until a withdrawal agreement is entered into, or failing that, two years following 
the notification of the intention to leave. The terms and precise timetable of withdrawal are unknown at this time. 
Furthermore, as a result of Brexit. other European countries may seek to conduct referenda with respect to their 
continuing membership with the European Union. Given these possibilities and others that are not anticipated, at this 
time, it is difficult to predict how the UK withdrawal from the European Union will be implemented and what the economic, 
tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory and other implications will be for the asset management industry, the broader European and 
global financial markets generally and for private funds such as the Fund and the Fund's investments. This uncertainty is 
likely to continue to impact the global economic climate and may impact opportunities, pricing, availability and cost of 
bank financing, regulation, values or exit opportunities of companies or assets based, doing business, or having service 
or other significant relationships in, the UK or the European Union, including companies or assets held or considered for 
prospective investment by the Fund. 
The future application of European Union-based legislation to the private fund industry in the UK and the European 
Union will ultimately depend on how the UK renegotiates its relationship with the European Union. There can be no 
assurance that any renegotiated terms or regulations will not have an adverse impact on the Fund and its investments, 
including the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objectives. Brexit may result in significant market dislocation. 
heightened counterparty risk, an adverse effect on the management of market risk and, in particular, asset and liability 
management due in pan to redenomination of financial assets and liabilities, and increased legal, regulatory or 
compliance burden for Investors, the Manager and/or the Fund, each of which may have a negative impact on the 
operations, financial condition, returns or prospects of the Fund. 
Brexit may also have an adverse effect on the tax treatment of the Fund and its investments. In particular, the European 
Union directives preventing withholding taxes being imposed on intra-group dividends, interest and royalties may no 
longer apply to payments made into and out of the UK, meaning that instead the UK's double tax treaty network would 
need to be relied upon. Further, there may be changes to the operation of VAT. 
While the most immediate impacts on corporate transactions will likely be related to changes in market conditions. the 
development of new regulatory regimes and parallel competition law enforcement may have an adverse impact on 
transactions. particularly those occurring in, or impacted by conditions in, the UK and Europe. 
Anti-money laundering compliance 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or government authority or 
where it is in the best interests of the Fund, in each case as a whole, to disclose information in respect of the identity of 
Investors. In addition, the General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or 
government authority to disclose certain information about the Fund and its arrangements with Investors, including 
disclosing the existence of, disclosing copies of, and reporting certain information about, any side letters or other 
arrangements that the Fund enters into with Investors that allow Investors to invest in the Fund under terms that vary 
from those applicable to other Investors. 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or government authority to 
suspend the account of an Investor or take other anti•money laundering steps. Where the General Partner, the Second 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039325 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185509 
EFTA01354728

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354729.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354729.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0LIS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7 Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
GP or the Manager is required to take such action, the relevant Investor must indemnify the Fund against any loss 
suffered 
Risks related to electronic communications 
The Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's service providers may provide to each Investor statements. reports 
and other communications relating to the Fund and/or each such Investor's Interest in electronic form, such as email or 
via a password protected website (*Electronic Communications"). Electronic Communications may be modified, 
corrupted or contain viruses or malicious code, and may not be compatible with an Investor's electronic systems. In 
addition, reliance on Electronic Communications involves the risk of inaccessibility, power outages or slowdowns for a 
variety of reasons. These periods of inaccessibility may delay or prevent receipt of reports or other information by one or 
more of the Investors. 
Cybersecurity 
The Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Fund's service providers and other market participants 
increasingly depend on complex information technology and communications systems to conduct business functions.
These systems are subject to a number of different threats or risks that could adversely affect the Fund and/or the 
Investors, despite the efforts of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the service providers to adopt 
technologies, processes and practices intended to mitigate these risks and protect the security of their computer 
systems, software, networks and other technology assets, as well as the confidentiality, integrity and availability of 
information belonging to the Fund and the Investors. For example, unauthorized third parties may attempt to improperly 
access, modify, disrupt the operations of, or prevent access to, these systems of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Fund's service providers, counterparties or data within these systems. Third parties may also 
attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers. third-party service providers or other users of the Manager's 
systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to the Manager's data or that of the Investors. A 
successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the Manager's systems could result in the loss or theft of an 
Investor's data or funds, the inability to access electronic systems, loss or theft of proprietary information or corporate 
data, physical damage to a computer or network system or costs associated with system repairs. Such incidents could 
cause the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, the Fund or their respective service providers to incur 
regulatory penalties, reputational damage, additional compliance costs or financial loss. 
Pay-to-play laws, regulations and policies 
A number of U.S., state and municipal pension plans have adopted socalled -pay-to-play' laws, regulations or policies 
that prohibit, restrict or require disclosure of payments to (and/or certain contacts with) state officials by individuals and 
entities seeking to do business with state entities, including investments by public retirement plans. The SEC has also 
adopted rules that, among other things. prohibit an investment adviser from providing advisory services for compensation 
with respect to a government plan investor for two years after such investment adviser or certain of its executives or 
employees make a contribution to certain elected officials or candidates. If the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, Credit Suisse 
Asset Management Limited (in its capacity as the placement agent) or their respective affiliates fail to comply with such 
pay-to-play laws, regulations or policies, such non-compliance could have an adverse effect on the Fund. 
Forward looking information 
This Memorandum and other materials prepared and provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests may contain projections, forecasts, targeted returns, illustrative returns, estimates, objectives. beliefs and 
similar information. Forward looking information is provided for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to serve as, 
and must not be relied upon by any Investor as, a guarantee. an assurance. a prediction or a definitive statement of fact 
or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. 
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Fund. Some important factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those in any forward looking information include changes in interest rates and 
changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions. The performance of the Fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039326 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165510 
EFTA01354729

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354730.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
may be materially different from the forward looking information 
THE FOREGOING LIST OF RISK FACTORS DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE OR CONCLUSIVE 
EXAMINATION OF THE RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE FUND. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD 
READ THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS ENTIRETY AND ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR PROFESSIONAL 
ADVISERS BEFORE DECIDING WHETHER TO INVEST IN THE FUND. 
Conlideneal Amato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039327 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185511 
EFTA01354730

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354731.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354731.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039328 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185512 
EFTA01354731

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354732.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Conflicts of Interest 
General 
Investors should be aware that there will be situations where the Manager and its affiliates may encounter potential 
conflicts of interest in connection with the Fund's investment activities. The following discussion details certain potential 
conflicts of interest that should be carefully considered before making an investment in the Fund. By acquiring an Interest 
and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Investor will be deemed to have acknowledged the existence 
of any such actual and potential conflicts of interest and to have waived any claim with respect to any liability arising from 
the existence of any such conflict of interest. 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify and manage all such conflicts of interest. The General Partner 
and the Manager will consult with the Fund Advisory Committee with respect to material issues involving actual or 
potential significant conflicts of interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters in accordance with the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, unless the General Partner and the Manager have been advised by counsel that disclosure of 
such potential or actual conflict of interest is. or may reasonably be, prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons (in which 
case. where the conflict cannot be satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). 
The following non-exhaustive discussion sets forth certain potential conflicts of interest. In the Fund Documents, 
Investors will be required to acknowledge and consent to the existence of the conflicts of interest described. 
Conflicts among certain Investors 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments. decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for another Investor, especially with respect to 
particular tax situations of the Investors. In selecting and structuring investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager 
will consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and the Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Broken deal expenses and abort fees 
My broken deal expenses or abort fees relating to any investment opportunity that is not consummated will be allocated 
entirely to the Fund and not to any other co-investor unless such co•investor has agreed otherwise. 
Investment by members of the management team 
Partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser may invest personal funds directly or indirectly into the 
Fund or through other parallel investment entities. As such, their decisions may be influenced by the presence of their 
investment, and may not be completely unbiased. 
Carried Interest 
The entitlement of certain partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser to receive the economic benefit 
of the Carried Interest received by the Special Limited Partner may create an incentive for the Manager to make more 
speculative investments on behalf of the Fund than it would otherwise make in the absence of such Carried Interest. The 
existence of Carried Interest and its tax treatment may result in conflicts of interest between the Manager and Investors 
with respect to the management and disposition of investments and the determination of the order, timing and amount of 
distributions by the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039329 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185513 
EFTA01354732

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354733.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
The fact that the Carried Interest is linked to the performance of the Fund may create an incentive for the Manager to 
cause the Fund to make investments that are more speculative than would be the case in the absence of 
performance-based compensation, or to take action that may increase the short-term, as opposed to long-term, value of 
investments. 
Fund Advisory Committee 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify conflicts of interest. A Fund Advisory Committee will be 
established comprising representatives of certain Investors selected by the Manager. 
The Manager intends to consult the Fund Advisory Committee, as appropriate, with respect to material issues involving 
actual or potential conflicts of interest between the interests of the Fund and the Manager and its affiliates (unless the 
General Partner or the Manager has been advised by counsel that disclosure of such conflicts or potential conflicts is, or 
is reasonably likely to be. prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons, in which case, where the conflict cannot be 
satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). The Fund Advisory Committee will be 
comprised of members representing specific Investors and will not owe any duties to other Investors, whether individually 
or as a group. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039330 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185514 
EFTA01354733

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354734.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Cpportuniti3s Fund HI, LP 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039332 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185516 
EFTA01354734

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354735.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354735.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Certain Legal,ERISA and Tax Considerations 
The AIFM073
Valuation 
The Manager has decided that the nature of the investments that will be held by the Fund is such that there is no need 
for an external valuer. The Fund's valuations will be prepared in accordance with the UK AlFM Regulation on a fair value 
principle, based on U.S. GAAP and Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC*) 820 Fair Value Measurement. ASC 820 
establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes sources and valuation techniques. Accordingly, the Fund will be valued 
at an 'exit price' which is the value that would be received on selling the investment in an orderly transaction, between 
market participants at the measurement date. The Manager will establish a valuation committee (the 'Valuation 
Committee') to perform an assessment of valuations provided by the relevant investment specialists, together with 
acquisition information that has been gathered to understand each individual Investment. Deirdre Davies. the Manager's 
Chief Operating Officer, chairs the Valuation Committee and is also responsible for the Manager's valuation policy and 
procedures. Ms. Davies is not responsible for the Manager's deal activity or portfolio management, is functionally 
independent from the Managers portfolio management activities. and the Manager has put in place such measures as it 
considers reasonably necessary to mitigate conflicts of interest that may arise in connection with the valuation of the 
Fund's investments. Therefore, in the Manager's view, Ms. Davies has sufficient independence to oversee the valuation 
pokey and procedures in accordance with the Manager's compliance obligations. The Valuation Committee members, its 
terms of reference and the Managers valuation policy will be periodically assessed and internally audited to ensure 
compliance with the principles of the AIFMD. 
Fair treatment of Investors 
Please see Section 8: Conflicts of Interest for a summary of the policies established by the Manager in relation to 
conflicts of interest. In addition, as described more fully in Section 6: Summery of Terms and Conditions, the Manager 
has a clear and defined approach to side letter arrangements. Further, amendments to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
which would materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which discriminates against such Limited Partner 
vis-a-vis the other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited Partner will require the consent of the 
affected Limited Partner. 
Liquidity management 
As the Fund is a 'closed-ended AIF' (as defined in the AIFMD) and the Investors will not have any redemption rights in 
respect of their Interests, there is no meaningful liquidity risk to manage.
Managers professional liability risk 
Glendower holds a professional indemnity insurance policy. This insurance policy covers the professional indemnity 
insurance requirements of the AIFMD in respect of Glendower acting as the Fund's AIFM. 
Governing law and legal implications of the contractual relationship 
The Fund will be an English limited partnership, registered under the Limited Partnerships Act 1907 and designated as a 
" 
The Manager may premdefurther Informatien as required under article 23 of the AIFMD n a supplement to en Memorandum 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039333 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185517 
EFTA01354735

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354736.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354736.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Cede., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
"private fund limited partnership-. The Fund Partnership Agreement will be governed by English law and all parties to the 
agreement will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Fund Partnership Agreement and the documents to be entered 
into pursuant to it. 
Investors will offer to subscribe for Interests pursuant to a deed of adherence governed by the laws of England and 
Wales and all parties to the deed of adherence will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have non-
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the deed of adherence. 
Investors whose offers to subscribe for Interests are accepted by the General Partner and the Manager will become 
limited partners in an English private fund limited partnership and will become party to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
constituting the Fund. Investors' interests in the Fund will be as limited partners and will not be certificated but will be 
recorded on the register of limited partners maintained by the Fund. Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-
to-day operations of the Fund, including investment and disposition decisions. 
A judgment of a non-English court will create an obligation that is actionable in England. To enforce that obligation, an 
Investor would need to commence proceedings in the courts of England, in which the judgment is sued upon as a debt. 
For a foreign judgment to be recognized by the English courts it must, infer alio. be final and conclusive in the court 
which pronounced it, it must have been given by a court regarded by English law as competent to do so, its recognition 
must not be contrary to public policy, and it must not have been obtained by fraud. 
Collateral and Asset Reuse Arrangements 
The Fund may employ collateral and asset reuse arrangements and will disclose such arrangements to the Limited 
Partners in accordance with the 'Periodic disclosure" paragraph below. 
Leverage 
The Fund may incur 'leverage' within the meaning of the AlFMD.74
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in accordance with the 'gross method' (article 7 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013 (the 'Delegated Regulation")) shall be: 400%. 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fuld, calculated in accordance with the "commitment method' 
(article t3 of the Delegated Regulation) shall be: 300%. 
To the extent the maximum level of leverage permitted by the Fund changes, then the Manager will disclose such 
arrangements to the Limited Partners in accordance with the 'Periodic disclosure' paragraph below. 
Periodic disclosure 
The information in respect of the Fund required to be disclosed pursuant to Article 23(4) and (5) of the AIFMD will be 
made available to each Limited Partner as follows: 
(a) 
The percentage of the Fund's assets which 
are subject to special arrangements arising 
from their illiquid nature. 
(b) 
Any new arrangements for managing the 
liquidity of the Fund. 
Not applicable.
Unlikely to arise but in the event that there are 
any new arrangements, without undue delay in 
a disclosure notice delivered to each Limited 
" 
See Section 6 Summary ri rams and Com:Wass lot a descnocn d non the Fund may incur leverage 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039334 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185518 
EFTA01354736

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354737.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Cede." Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Partner 
(c) 
The current risk profile of the Fund and the 
risk management systems employed by the 
Manager to manage those risks. 
(d) 
My changes to the maximum level of 
leverage which the Manager may employ 
on behalf of the Fund as well as any right of 
the reuse of collateral or any guarantee 
granted under the leveraging arrangement. 
In each annual report 
Without undue delay in a disclosure notice 
delivered to each Limited Partner. 
(e) 
The total amount of leverage employed by 
In each annual report 
the Fund. 
Net Asset Value and Historical Performance of the Fund 
No Investors have been admitted to the Fund. Accordingly, (a) there is no net asset value of the Fund. (b) the Fund has 
made no investments, so there is no information to disclose about the historical performance of the Fund, and (c) there is 
no annual report in respect of the Fund. 
Prime Broker 
The Fund has not engaged. and the Manager does not anticipate that the Fund will engage. a prime broker. 
The Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited (the 'Depositary) has been retained by the Manager to perform the depositary 
function pursuant to Article 21 of the AIFMD in respect of the Fund, including monitoring cash flows of the Fund, verifying 
the ownership of assets and making custody arrangements for the safekeeping of any custodial assets and overseeing 
the operations of the Fund. 
The Depositary may, with the prior written consent of the Manager, delegate any pan of its duties under the depositary 
agreement to third parties. To the fullest extent permitted by law. the Depositary does not owe any duty to any Limited 
Partner or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with its retention as the Fund's depositary. 
With respect to safekeeping (to the extent it is required), the Depositary may delegate its duties to one or more third party 
custodians. It is expected that such third party custodians will be able to provide safekeeping in any relevant jurisdiction 
where it is required. 
Neither the Depositary, nor any third party custodian to whom safekeeping is delegated, shall have a right of re-use of 
any of the Fund's assets. 
The Depositary has restricted its liability. In particular, the Depositary will not be liable to the Fund, the Manager. the 
Limited Partners or the General Partner under or in connection with the depositary agreement, save to the extent that 
such liability arises as a result of the Depositary's gross negligence, wilful default, fraud, a material breach of the 
depositary agreement or a material breach of applicable law. 
The fees of the Depositary, and any costs associated with the appointment of the Depositary, will constitute expenses of 
the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039335 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185519 
EFTA01354737

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354738.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Scotian 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
Securities Law Matters 
Securities Act of 1933 
The Interests described herein will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any other U.S. or non-U.S. securities 
laws, including state securities or blue sky laws. Interests will be offered and sold without registration in reliance upon 
the exemption for transactions not involving a public offering contained in the Securities Act and/or Regulation 0 or 
Regulation S promulgated thereunder and generally will be sold in the U.S. only to U.S. Investors who are accredited 
investors, as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each Investor will be required to make customary private placement representations. including that such Investor is 
acquiring an Interest for its own account, for investment and not with a view to resale or distribution. Further, each 
Investor must be prepared to bear the risk of an investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time, since the 
Interests may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the Securities Act and any applicable state or non-
U.S. securities laws pursuant to registration or an exemption therefrom. It is extremely unlikely that the Interests will ever 
be registered under the Securities Act. 
Under Rule 506(e) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, the General Partner is required to furnish to 
each purchaser of interests a description of any matters that would have triggered disqualification under paragraph (d)(1) 
of Rule 506 of Regulation 0 but occurred before the rule's effective date. September 23, 2013. including as a result of 
such matters associated with a placement agent engaged by the General Partner with respect to the offering of interests. 
The following is a description of such matters that relate to Credit Suisse: 
in September 2008. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (CSSU') reached an agreement with the 
New York State Attorney General's Office and the North American Securities Administrators 
Association Task Force to settle investigations concerning investment products generally known as 
'auction rate securities.* Pursuant to that agreement and with CSSU's consent. a number of state 
securities regulators issued final orders against CSSU for engaging in dishonest or unethical conduct 
related to the marketing and sale of auction rate securities and failure to supervise reasonably. Under 
the terms of the settlement agreement, CSSU agreed to repurchase up to 5550 million of auction rate 
securities held by certain investors and pay civil penalties of 515 million. Under the settlement 
agreement, CSSU neither admits nor denies wrongdoing.' 
In addition, the following is a description of such matters that relate to Raymond James 8 Associates. Inc. or Raymond 
James Financial Services. Inc. Raymond James will also serve as placement agent with respect to the offering of certain 
interests: 
'Beginning in 2011. Raymond James 8 Associates, Inc. and Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. 
(collectively 'Raymond James) settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and the 
District of Colurnbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or engaged in dishonest or unethical 
practices (or substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant state statutes) related to 
the sale of auction rate securities. The basis of the allegations was that Raymond James offered and 
sold to some of their customers auction rate securities while not accurately characterizing or while 
failing to adequately disclose the true nature and risks associated with these investments. Although 
Raymond James' auction rate securities trade confirmations disclosed the risk that auction rate 
securities auctions could fail and that Raymond James were not obliged to ensure their success, at the 
point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers inaccurately described auction rate 
securities. As a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to purchase eligible auction rate 
securities from eligible customers and to pay fines. Raymond James have completed all undertakings 
required under the settlement orders. Under the settlement orders. Raymond James neither admit nor 
deny wrongdoing: 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039336 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165520 
EFTA01354738

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354739.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glembwer Capital Secondary Opportunifies Fund N, LP 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
In connection with any acquisition or beneficial ownership by the Fund of more than 5% of any class of the equity 
securities of a company registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. as amended (the 'Exchange Act"), 
the Fund may be required to make certain filings with the SEC. Generally, these filings require disclosure of the identity 
and background of the purchaser, the source and amount of funds used to acquire the securities, the purpose of the 
transaction, the purchasers interest in the securities, and any contracts, arrangements or undertakings regarding the 
securities. In certain circumstances. the Fund may be required to aggregate its investment position in a given portfolio 
company with the beneficial ownership of that company's securities by or on behalf of the General Partner or the 
Manager and their respective affiliates, which could require the Fund, together with such other parties, to make certain 
disclosure filings or otherwise restrict the Fund's activities with respect to such portfolio company securities. 
Also, if the Fund becomes the beneficial owner of more than 10% of any class of the equity securities of a company 
registered under the Exchange Act or places a director on the board of directors of such a company, the Fund may be 
subject to certain additional reporting requirements and to liability for short-swing profits under Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act. The Fund intends to manage its investments so as to avoid the short-swing profit liability provisions of 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
It is anticipated that the Fund, being an entity organized outside the U.S. and not intending to make a public offering of its 
securities in the U.S., will not be required to register under the Investment Company Act. In order to ensure that the 
Fund will not be subject to the registration requirements of the Investment Company Act, the Fund will rely on the 
exemptions contained in the Investment Company Act, including but not limited to Section 3(c)(7) thereof. Section 
3(c)(7) excludes from the definition of investment company issuers whose outstanding securities are owned exclusively 
by 'qualified purchasers,' as defined under the Investment Company Act. Section 3(c)(7) has been interpreted by the 
staff of the SEC in respect of a non-U.S. fund, such as the Fund, to require that only the U.S. Investors therein must be 
qualified purchasers. The Fund will obtain appropriate representations and undertakings from U.S. Investors to ensure 
that the conditions of these exemptions are met. 
Offers and sales of Interests will therefore only be offered (i) outside the U.S. to Investors other than U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) and U.S. residents in offshore transactions that meet the requirements 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act (an 'Eligible Non-U.S. Investor) or (ii) to Investors whose participation would 
not require the Fund to register as an investment company pursuant to Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act 
(an -Eligible U.S. Investor) (Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. together. "Eligible Investors"). 
Offers to purchase, and subsequent transfers of Interests, will be subject to certain restrictions, and an Investor's ability 
to resell its Interest may therefore be limited. Sales and transfers that would require the Fund to be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act will be void ab inaio and will not be honored by the Manager. 
The Manager has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder of an Interest held by or on behalf of a U.S. 
person who is not an Eligible U.S. Investor at the time it purchases such Interest, to require the transfer of such Interests, 
in whole or in part, to an Eligible Investor in order to permit the Fund to avoid registration under the Investment Company 
Act. 
U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 
The Manager is not registered as an investment adviser under the U.S. Advisers Act of 1940 (the 'Advisers Act"). The 
Manager expects that the U.S. Adviser will be a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act; how ever. under 
applicable guidance from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'SEC"), only certain provisions of the Advisers 
Act will apply to the Manager's and the U.S. Adviser's relationship with the Fund since the Fund is not expected to be a 
"United States person" (as such term is defined under the Advisers Act). Registration as an investment adviser under the 
Advisers Act by the U.S. Adviser does not imply any specific level of skill or training nor does it imply any endorsement. 
approval or certification of the U.S. Adviser by the SEC. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039337 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185521 
EFTA01354739

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354740.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 
Each of the Manager and the General Partner is exempt from registration with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC) and is not registered with the CFTC as a commodity pool operator ("CPO"), pursuant to an 
exemption under CFTC Regulation Section 4.13(a)(3) for pools (a) whose interests are exempt from registration under 
the Securities Act and are offered and sold without marketing to the public in the U.S., (b) whose participants are limited 
to accredited investors and (c) whose investments in commodity interest positions are limited such that either (1) the 
aggregate initial margin, premiums, and required minimum deposit for retail forex transactions (as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 5.1(m)) required to establish such positions, determined at the time of the most recently established 
position, does not exceed 5% of the liquidation value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits 
and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into, provided, that, in the case of an option that is in4he-
money at the time of purchase, the in4he-inoney amount as defined in CFTC Regulation Section 190.01(x) may be 
excluded in computing such 5% or (2) an aggregate net notional value of such positions, determined at the time of the 
most recently established position, does not exceed 100% of the liquidation value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into 
account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into. Therefore, unlike a registered 
CPO, neither the General Partner nor the Manager is required to deliver a disclosure document (as defined in the CFTC 
Regulations) and a certified annual report to investors. 
The CFTC does not pass upon the merits of participating in a pool or upon the adequacy or accuracy of an offering 
Memorandum. Consequently. the CFTC has not reviewed or approved this offering or this Memorandum. 
Certain ERISA Considerations 
ERISA governs the investment of the assets of certain employee benefit plans that may be investors in a limited 
partnership. ERISA and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor CDOL") under ERISA contain 
provisions that should be considered by fiduciaries of those plans and their legal advisers. 
Fiduciary duty 
In considering an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider their basic fiduciary duty under Section 404 of 
ERISA, which requires them to discharge their investment duties prudently and solely in the interest of the plan 
participants and beneficiaries. 
Before authorizing an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider, among other things: (i) the fiduciary 
standards under ERISA. (ii) whether the investment in the Fund satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements 
of ERISA, including whether the investment is prudent in tight of limitations on the marketability of the Interests, (iii) 
whether such fiduciaries have authority to make the investment under the appropriate plan investment policies and 
governing instrument and under Title I of ERISA, and (iv) whether the investment will give rise to a 'prohibited 
transaction' within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as 
amended (the 'Code'). In analyzing the prudence of an investment in the Fund, special attention should be given to the 
DOL regulation on investment duties (29 C.F.R. Section 2550.404a-1). 
Plan assets 
Under ERISA and regulations issued by the DOL, when a plan covered by ERISA acquires an equity interest (such as 
the Interests) in an entity (such as the Fund) that is neither a 'publicly offered security' nor a security issued by an 
investment company registered under the Investment Company Act, the assets of the ERISA plan generally include not 
only such equity interest, but also an undivided interest in each of the underlying assets of such entity, unless it is 
established that: (0 ownership of each class of equity interest in the entity by 'Benefit Plan Investors" (as defined 
below) has a value in the aggregate of less than 25% of the total value of such class of equity interest then outstanding. 
determined on the date of the most recent acquisition of any equity interest in the entity in accordance with the DOL 
regulations as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the -25% Test"), or (ii) the entity is an *operating company,' including 
a 'venture capital operating company." The term Benefit Plan Investor means: (i) an 'employee benefit plan' within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to part 4 of Title I of ERISA, (ii) a `plan, account or arrangement" within 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039338 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185522 
EFTA01354740

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354741.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the meaning of and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and (iii) any entity whose underlying assets include 'plan 
assets' by reason of a plan's investment in such entity (e.g., an entity of which 25% or more of the value of any class of 
equity interests is held by benefit plan investors and which does not satisfy any exception under the D0L regulations). 
An entity will be considered a Benefit Plan Investor only to the extent of the percentage of its equity interests that are 
held by Benefit Plan Investors. Under the 25% Test, the value of equity interests held by a person (other than a Benefit 
Plan Investor) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the entity or that provides 
investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets (or an affiliate of such person ) is disregarded. 
The Manager will use reasonable best efforts to operate the Fund in compliance with the 25% Test so that the 
investments of the Fund do not constitute 'plan assets' for purposes of ERISA. In the connection. the Manager will limit 
acquisitions, transfers and withdrawals by Investors, and may require the withdrawal of any Investor that is a Benefit Plan 
Investor. 
Form 5500 
Plan administrators of Investors that are subject to ERISA may be required to report on Form 5500 Annual Return/Report 
compensation paid to the Manager and the General Partner. The descriptions of fees and compensation contained 
herein, and in the descriptions of the priority profit share and carried interest set forth in Section 6: Summery of Terms 
and Condtions above are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 'eligible indirect compensation' for which 
the alternative reporting option on Schedule C of Form 5500 may be available. 
Investors such as pension funds that are subject to the provisions of ERISA should consult with their counsel 
and advisers as to the provisions of ERISA applicable to an Investment in the Fund. 
Certain Tax Considerations 
Certain U.S. federal income tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and 
does not purport to address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be applicable to any particular 
Investor. For example, except as expressly described below, the discussion does not address the tax consequences of 
the disposition of an interest in the Fund. This discussion is based on laws. including the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the 'Code), regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this Memorandum, all of 
which are subject to change. possibly with retroactive effect The U.S. federal income taxation of partnerships and 
partners is extremely complex. involving, among other things. significant issues as to the character, timing of realization 
and sourcing of gains and losses. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers prior to investing in 
the Fund with respect to their particular tax situations, including, in the case of Investors subject to special rules under 
U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks, dealers in securities. life insurance companies, tax-exempt Investors and 
non-U.S. Investors). with reference to any special issues that investment in the Fund may raise for such persons. The 
activities of an Investor unrelated to such Investor's status as an Investor in the Fund may affect the tax consequences to 
such Investor of an investment in the Fund. 
Treatment as partnership. The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. Instead, each Investor 
that is subject to U.S. tax will be required to take into account its distributive share, whether or not distributed, of each 
item of the Fund's income. gain, loss, deduction or credit. It is possible that in any year, an Investor's tax liability arising 
from the Fund could exceed the distributions made by the Fund to such Investor. The Fund will provide such Investors 
with the information with respect to the operations of the Fund necessary to file their U.S. federal income tax returns. 
However, Investors may not receive such information prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due and 
may need to file for extensions. 
Partnership audit rules. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 implemented new partnership audit procedures under 
which the Fund or the Investors may have potential tax liability in the event of an adjustment imposed as a result of a tax 
audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") (such audit procedures, the 'Partnership Audit Rules). For 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039339 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185523 
EFTA01354741

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354742.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certif., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
taxable years beginning on or after January 1. 2018. an audit resulting in an adjustment to any item of the Fund's 
income. gain, loss, deduction or credit (or adjustment of the allocation of any such items among the Partners), and any 
tax (including interest and penalties) attributable to such adjustment. may be determined and collected at the Fund level 
in the year of such adjustment. In that event, under the Fund Partnership Agreement, the Fund will allocate such tax 
among the Partners as determined by the Manager, and each Partner may be required to contribute to the Fund (which 
contribution shall not be treated as an advance and will not reduce such Partner's undrawn Commitment) the amount of 
such tax allocated to it. As a result, a Partner may bear liability for the adjustment in an amount that exceeds the taxes 
that the Partner (or its predecessor in interest) would have paid if the adjustment had been applied at the partner level. 
Alternatively, the Manager may elect to send an adjusted Schedule K-1 to each person who was a Partner in the taxable 
year reviewed on audit (the "Push-Out Election"). In that event, each such person (whether a current or former Partner) 
may elect to pay any resulting tax (including interest and penalties) or. in the case of a person that is itself treated as a 
partnership or other Row-
through vehicle for U.S. federal income tax purposes. such person may further push out the 
adjustment to the next tier of partners. Non-U.S. Investors may be required to file U.S. tax returns as a result of a Push-
Out Election. Under the Push-Out Election, the interest rate for any resulting underpayments of taxes in the case of 
individuals and certain other Partners will be higher than would otherwise be the case. There is some uncertainty 
regarding the interpretation and implementation of these partnership audit procedures. 
No dividends received deduction. Investors that are U.S. corporations will not be eligible for the dividends received 
deduction with respect to dividends received by the Fund (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) from non-U.S. 
corporations. 
Passive foreign investment companies. The Fund may invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in non-
U.S. corporations treated as 'passive foreign investment companies' ("PFICs"). A U.S. Investor's share of certain 
distributions from a PFIC and gain from the disposition by the Fund of an interest in a PFIC or in a Fund Secondary that 
holds an interest in a PFIC could be subject to a substantial interest charge and could be characterized as ordinary 
income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. If a U.S. Investor (or, in the case of a U.S. Fund Secondary, such 
U.S. Fund Secondary) makes a 'qualified electing fund" ("QEF") election with respect to a PFIC, the U.S. Investor would 
in general be required to include in income annually its share of the PFIC's current income and net capital gains (losses 
are not currently deductible), but would avoid the interest charge and ordinary income treatment described above. A QEF 
election may affect the timing, character and amount of income recognized by a U.S. Investor, and in particular may 
result in a U.S. Investor recognizing income subject to tax prior to the receipt by the Fund of any distributable proceeds. 
There can be no assurance that a QEF election will be available with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund directly or 
indirectly invests. U.S. Investors may be required to file an annual report with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund 
invests (including indirectly through a Fund Secondary). 
Controlled foreign corporations. The Fund may invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in non-US. 
corporations treated as "controlled foreign corporations* ("CFCs"). A U.S. Investor could have current inclusions of 
certain undistributed income of a CFC under certain circumstances. Furthermore, gain from the disposition by the Fund 
of an interest in a CFC or in a Fund Secondary that holds an interest in a CFC could be characterized as a dividend or 
ordinary income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. 
Certain transactions. The Fund may acquire (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) certain debt obligations. 
preferred stock and other types of investments that generate taxable income to the Investors without a corresponding 
cash distribution. The Fund may engage (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in hedging, foreign currency 
and derivative transactions that may have special timing, character and source rules for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
RestrIcdons on deductibility of expenses and other losses. It is anticipated that the Fund's expenses (including the 
General Partner's Share) generally will be investment expenses treated as miscellaneous itemized deductions, rather 
than trade or business expenses, with the result that any individual who is an Investor (either directly or through an 
Investor that is a partnership or other pass-through entity) will not be permitted to claim a U.S. federal income tax 
deduction for such expenses for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, and thereafter may be limited in his or 
her ability to claim a U.S. federal income tax deduction for such expenses. In the case of investments in entities treated 
as partnerships or as disregarded from their owners for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that are engaged in trade 
or business (*Operating Partnerships"), the 'passive activity loss" rules, the "at-risk' rules and the limitation on "excess 
business losses" could limit the deductibility of losses derived from such investments and the portion of the Fund's 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039340 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185524 
EFTA01354742

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354743.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Corte., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
expenses allocable to such investments. The Fund may deduct organizational expenses rateably over 15 years. or it 
may elect to capitalize such expenses. No deduction is allowed for offering expenses, including placement fees. A non-
corporate taxpayer is not permitted to deduct Investment interest" expense in excess of 'net investment income.' This 
limitation could apply to limit the deductibility of interest paid by a non-corporate Investor on indebtedness incurred to 
finance such investors investment in the Fund or the deductibility of such investor's share of interest expense (if any) of 
the Fund. In addition, deductions for 'business interest' may be subject to further limitations. Deductions and losses 
arising from an investment in the Fund may also be limited or disallowed under other rules. 
Qualified business income deduction. While certain non-corporate Investors may be able to deduct a portion of any 
-qualified business income' arising from certain trades or businesses held by the Fund, which may include investments in 
Operating Partnerships, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, the rules in respect of such deduction are 
uncertain and complex. No assurance can be provided that the Fund will make investments eligible for such deduction 
or, if the Fund does make any such investment, that the Fund will be able to provide information necessary for such 
Investor to benefit from such deduction. 
ERISA plans and other tax-exempt limited partners. Certain organizations generally exempt from U.S. federal 
income tax, including ERISA plans. are subject to the tax on unrelated business taxable income CUB111. UBTI arises 
primarily as income from an unrelated trade or business regularly carried on, income from property as to which there is 
acquisition indebtedness. and certain insurance income received from or attributable to CFCs. It may not be possible to 
net profits and losses arising from unrelated Operating Partnerships for purposes of calculating UBTI. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain investment opportunities, the Fund may make 
investments (such as in Operating Partnerships) that will generate UBTI, including indirectly through Fund Secondaries. 
In addition, the Fund may (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) borrow money within certain limits or acquire 
property as to which there is acquisition indebtedness, including as a result of an investment in a Fund Secondary, which 
may generate UBTI. It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees 
by the Manager or its affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such fees, would be taxed as UBTI 
to tax-exempt Investors. If sufficient interest is indicated by potential tax-exempt Investors, the Fund may offer a 
"blocker structure through which such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
Non-U.S. Investors. Below is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to a non-
resident alien individual or non-U.S. corporation that is considering an investment in the Fund and does not purport to 
address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be applicable to any particular Investor. This 
discussion does not address the tax consequences of investing in the Fund to non-U.S. Investors subject to special rules 
under U.S. federal income tax laws. such as non-U.S. governments, trusts, former U.S. citizens or residents. and 
individual non-U.S. Investors that have a 'tax home' in the U.S. Non-U.S. Investors are urged to consult with their own 
tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. The discussion assumes that a non-U.S. Investor is not and 
will not be engaged in a trade or business within the U.S.. has and will have no U.S. source income, apart from its 
investment in the Fund, and in the case of a non-U.S. individual, has not been (and will not be) present in the U.S. for 
183 days or more in any taxable year. 
Interest, dividends. etc. A non-U.S. Investor is subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at the rate of 30% (or a lower treaty 
rate, if applicable) on its distributive share of any U.S. source interest (subject to certain exemptions), dividends and 
certain other income received by the Fund. 
Effectively connected income. In general, a non-U.S. person that invests in a partnership that is (directly or through 
entities treated as disregarded from their owners or as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes) 'engaged in 
trade or business within the United States' is itself considered to be engaged in trade or business within the U.S. and is 
subject to U.S. federal income tax (including. possibly, in the case of a non-U.S. corporation, the 'branch profits' tax). 
withholding and income tax return filing requirements with respect to its income effectively connected (or treated as 
effectively connected) with the U.S. trade or business c Ecn. A non-U.S. person that fails to file a timely U.S. federal 
income tax return in respect of its Ea may subsequently be precluded from claiming deductions related to the Ea and 
may be subject to interest and penalties. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the and to pursue certain investment opportunities, it may (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) make investments (such as investments in certain Operating Partnerships) that will generate 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039341 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185525 
EFTA01354743

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354744.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Cede., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Ea. In the case of an investment in an Operating Partnership that is engaged in trade or business within the U.S.. the 
following will be considered ECI to a non-U.S. Investor: 
• 
the non-U.S. Investor's share of the items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit derived by the Operating 
Partnership from a U.S. trade or business (whether or not distributed) as determined under U.S. federal income 
tax rules (including interest allocation rules) generally applicable to non-U.S. persons (which may produce a 
result different from merely applying U.S. tax rates to the non-U.S. Investor's share of the net income of the 
Operating Partnership): and 
• 
the non-U.S. Investor's share of any gain realized by the Fund upon the disposition of the Operating 
Partnership, and any gain realized by the non-U.S. Investor upon the disposition of and interest in the Fund. in 
each case, to the extent attributable to such non-US. Investor's share of any gain inherent in the Operating 
Partnership's U.S. trade or business and U.S. real property interests. 
It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees by the Manager or its 
affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such fees, would be considered ECI to non-U.S.
Investors. 
A non-U.S. Investor is subject to tax on its allocable share of ECI at a rate of 21% for a non-U.S. corporation and a 
maximum rate of 37% for a non-U.S. individual. In addition, if any portion of such non-U.S. Investor's gain upon a 
disposition of an interest in the Fund would be treated as Ea, the proceeds of such disposition generally will be subject 
to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 10% of the amount realized. It is possible that in any given year the tax 
withheld on ECI with respect to a non-U.S. Investor may be in excess of that Investor's U.S. federal income tax liability 
for the year. In such event, the non-U.S. Investor would be entitled to a refund of the overpayment. 
A non-U.S. corporate Investor may also be subject to the 30% branch profits tax on its Ea. The branch profits tax is a 
tax on the -dividend equivalent amount' of a non-U.S. corporation, which is approximately equal to the amount of the 
corporation's eamings and profits attributable to ECI that is not treated as reinvested in the U.S. The effect of the branch 
profits tax is to increase the maximum U.S. federal income tax rate on ECI for a non-U.S. corporate Investor from 21% to 
44.7%. Some U.S. income tax treaties provide exemptions from, or reduced rates of, the branch profits tax for 'qualified 
residents" of the treaty country. The branch profits tax is payable by the non-U.S. Investor and not collected by way of 
withholding. 
If sufficient interest is indicated by potential non-U.S. Investors, the Fund may offer a "blocker structure through which 
such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
U.S. real property holding corporations. If the Fund were to invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in 
stock or certain other securities of a U.S. corporation that constituted a 'United States real property holding corporation' 
CUSRPHC"), any gain or loss of a non-U.S. Investor from the disposition of such stock or securities would generally be 
required to be taken into account as if it were ECI, except that the branch profits tax does not apply. 
Certain reporting requirements; Reportable transactions. Certain U.S. Investors may be required to file Form 8865. 
Return of U.S. Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign Partnerships, reporting transfers of cash or other property to the 
Fund and information relating to the Fund, including information relating to the Investor's Interest and allocations of the 
items of Fund income, gains, losses. deductions and credits to the Investor and, in some circumstances, the names and 
addresses of certain of the other Investors. A U.S. Investor may be required to file Form 926, Return by a U.S. 
Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation, reporting certain transfers of cash or other property to foreign 
corporations. In addition, certain U.S. Investors may be required to disclose on Form 8938, Statement of Specified 
Foreign Financial Assets, information with respect to their Interest. Investors that fail to comply with these reporting 
requirements may be subject to substantial penalties. 
If U.S. federal tax rules relating to 'reportable transactions' are applicable to the Fund (or any of the transactions 
undertaken by the Fund, such as its investments). Investors that are required to file U.S. federal income tax returns (and, 
in some cases, certain direct and indirect interest holders of certain Investors) would be required to disclose to the IRS 
information relating to the Fund and its transactions, and to retain certain documents and other records related thereto. 
Although the Manager does not believe that the subscription for an Interest is a reportable transaction, there can be no 
assurance that the IRS will not take a contrary position. In addition, an Interest could become a reportable transaction 
for Investors in the future. for example, if the Fund generates certain types of losses that exceed prescribed thresholds or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039342 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185526 
EFTA01354744

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354745.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
if certain other events occur. It is also possible that a transaction undertaken by the Fund will be a reportable transaction 
for Investors. Substantial penalties may be imposed on taxpayers who fail to comply with these laws. 
In addition, other tax laws impose substantial excise taxes and additional reporting requirements and penalties on certain 
tax-exempt Investors (and, in some cases, the managers of tax-exempt Investors) that are. directly or in some cases 
indirectly, parties to certain types of reportable transactions. 
Certain U.S. state and local income tax considerations 
The foregoing discussion does not address the U.S. state and local tax consequences of an investment in the Fund. 
Investors may be subject to U.S. state and local taxation, and tax return filing requirements, in the jurisdictions of the 
Fund's activities or investments, particularly in the case of investments in Operating Partnerships. Investors may not 
receive the relevant tax information prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due and may need to file 
for extensions. Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding U.S. state and local tax matters. 
Certain UK tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain UK taxation considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and does not 
purport to address all of the UK taxation considerations that may be applicable to any particular Investor. It is based on 
laws, regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change. 
possibly with retroactive effect. The UK taxation of partnerships and partners is extremely complex, involving, among 
other things. significant issues as to the character, timing of realization and sourcing of gains and losses. Investors 
should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as tax advice, and each Investor is urged to conduct its own due 
diligence, and consult with its professional advisers, with respect to the tax consequences of its investment in the Fund. 
Taxation of the fund. The Fund will be established as an English limited partnership to make private equity and equity 
related investments. The Fund has been structured and is intended to be operated so that it is treated as an investment 
partnership and not as carrying on a trade for UK tax purposes. These characteristics are important to the UK tax 
treatment of the Investors and the Fund. If the Fund conducts business such that it ceases to be one of making 
investments (or if any transaction were to be characterized as a trading rather than as an investment transaction), the tax 
treatment outlined here would not necessarily apply. 
The Fund should be treated for UK tax purposes as a partnership and the following summary is based on that 
assumption. HM Revenue & Customs will not treat the Fund as a separate taxable entity for UK income and capital 
gains tax purposes. Instead. the income and capital gains or losses of the Fund will be treated as those of the Investors 
as and when they arise. For this purpose. HM Revenue & Customs generally regards each Investor as owning a 
fractional share of each of the Fund's underlying assets in a way which reflects the Investors profit-sharing ratio. Where 
a Fund Secondary Investment or GP-led Secondary Investment is itself treated as tax transparent for UK tax purposes 
(as in the case of a partnership), HM Revenue & Customs will generally look through that investment to its underlying 
assets. 
Each Investor will be solely responsible for paying the tax due on its own share of the Fund's income and gains. 
Investors will be required to include their share of such income and gains in their own tax returns. The Fund may be 
required to complete and file a partnership return to aid the assessment of the Investors. Any Investor may be required 
to provide such information as may reasonably be required to facilitate the assessment to income tax or corporation tax 
of any Investor liable to be so assessed. 
Investors who are not resident in the UK and who hold their Interest as part of a trade (e.g.. financial traders. such as 
banks), may be treated as carrying on that part of that trade in the UK through a UK representative. which can be 
assessed to UK tax on the profits of such Investor. In those circumstances. the General Partner will be entitled to retain 
an amount equal to the Investors liability to UK corporation tax or income tax and to submit such amounts to HM 
Revenue & Customs. 
It is likely that the Fund will be required to lodge an annual partnership tax return with HM Revenue & Customs although 
no tax should be payable by the Fund itself on any income or gain reported in such tax return. In order to lodge a tax 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039343 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185527 
EFTA01354745

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354746.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund At, LP 
return correctly and validly. HM Revenue & Customs may require the Fund to disclose the identity of each Investor and 
may also require the Fund to include in its tax return a unique taxpayer reference ('UTR') number for certain Investors. 
Prospective investors should. therefore, be aware that an investment in the Fund may result in them being required to (a) 
obtain a UTR from HM Revenue 8 Customs or (b) provide the General Partner with the authority to obtain such a UTR 
for them on their behalf, and that, in either of these cases, the Fund may be required to disclose their identity and include 
their UTR in its tax returns.
Taxation of UK resident Investors. 
Income. Income arising directly to the Fund will be treated for UK tax purposes as income arising to each Investor in the 
proportions in which that income is shared by the Investors in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. UK resident Investors will in general be chargeable to UK tax on the gross amount of their share of that 
income. Corporate partners may be able to obtain relief for corporation tax purposes for their share of certain of the 
management expenses of the Fund. 
Investors subject to corporation tax may be exempt from corporation tax on some or all dividends arising to the Fund 
from UK and non-UK companies depending, in each case, on whether the detailed conditions for dividend exemption are 
met. Other UK resident Investors will normally be subject to income tax on dividends arising to the Fund in accordance 
with the UK tax rules applicable to dividends. 
UK resident Investors who are individuals should generally be entitled to a £5,000 tax-free dividend allowance on the net 
dividends paid by UK and (in certain cases) non-UK companies and received directly or indirectly by the Investor in 
respect of the Fund's investments. Amounts above the allowance are subject to UK income tax at the relevant dividend 
rates. The tax-free dividend allowance will reduce from £5.000 to £2.000 from April 6, 2018. 
UK resident Investors should generally be entitled to a tax credit of 20% for any income tax deducted at source from 
interest income arising in the UK (e g., debenture interest) received directly or indirectly by the Fund in respect of 
investments. 
UK resident Investors may be able to claim a credit against their UK tax liability for foreign tax paid on their share of 
income from investments, or they may be able to reclaim all or part of any such foreign tax deducted at source if the 
foreign tax arises in a jurisdiction with which the UK has concluded an appropriate double tax treaty. 
Capital gains. Each Investor will generally be treated for the purposes of UK tax on chargeable gains as having a share 
in each of the assets of the Fund. The share of each Investor should be its interest in the assets determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Upon the Fund disposing of an asset to a third party, each Investor will be treated as disposing of its share in that asset. 
Subject to the offshore fund rules outlined below, any gain or loss arising on that disposal should be treated for UK tax 
purposes as a capital gain or loss and each Investor's share of any disposal proceeds realized on such disposal should 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Investors' base cost in underlying assets which may be used to set against any disposal proceeds on a disposal of 
underlying assets. may be lower than the amount they have funded to acquire such assets (although they may, in certain 
circumstances, be able to make a claim for relief which would mitigate this effect) and there can be no assurance that 
Partners who are subject to tax on the allocated gain or income will receive distributions sufficient to fully satisfy their tax 
liabilities. In certain circumstances, a gain may be allocated to an Investor without any corresponding cash distribution 
being made to that Investor. 
On a pro rata distribution in specie of Fund assets among the Investors. there will be no immediate charge to UK tax. 
Instead, the capital gains tax base cost of each Investor in each of the assets will, for the purposes of computing any 
gain or loss on a subsequent disposal or part-disposal of the asset, be the market value of the asset at the date of 
distribution, reduced by the notional gain which would have arisen if the asset had been disposed of to a third party at its 
market value at the date of distribution. The same principles will be applied where the computation results in a loss. If 
the distribution in specie is not done on a pro rata basis, different considerations and tax treatments may apply. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009 (together the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039344 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185528 
EFTA01354746

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354747.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Cedar Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
-Offshore Fund Rules) may apply to an investment made by the Fund in an 'offshore fund.' The Fund itself will not 
constitute an offshore fund for these purposes, although it is possible that the Fund may hold or acquire investments 
which are offshore funds for such purposes. In such cases, all or part of an Investor's distributions attributable to any 
gain made by the Fund on the disposal of an investment may be treated as income, rather than capital gains, for UK tax 
purposes, depending on the circumstances and the status of the investment as a 'reporting fund" or 'non-reporting fund' 
for the purposes of the Offshore Fund Rules. 
UK resident Individuals. Investors who are UK resident or ordinarily resident individuals should note that, in certain 
circumstances, gains of non-UK resident companies in which the Fund has made an investment may be treated as 
accruing to such individual Investors. 
UK resident companies. 
Investments in non-UK companies. Investors who are UK resident companies should note that investments in non-UK 
resident companies may be 'controlled foreign companies' for UK tax purposes. The profits of a controlled foreign 
company can in certain circumstances be apportioned to UK resident companies and corporation tax charged thereon. It 
is unlikely that an apportionment of the relevant proportion of the investee company's profits would be made against an 
Investor which is a UK resident company as the circumstances in which an apportionment can be made should not be 
present. 
Unrealized gains or losses. Investors subject to UK corporation tax may be treated for UK corporation tax purposes as 
realizing profits, gains or losses in respect of certain assets. including those which are subject to the 'loan relationship' 
rules in Part 5 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009. generally on a basis reflecting the treatment in its statutory accounts, 
although in some cases on a mandatory mark-to-market basis. These profits, gains or losses will be taken into account in 
computing income for UK corporation tax purposes. M Investor's actual share in the return from these types of 
investments will not necessarily be the same as the amounts on which the Investor was taxed under these rules. 
Pension funds and other exempt bodies. Investors who are exempt from UK tax on income or gains should not be 
charged UK tax on income or gains made by the Fund. 
UK taxation of non-UK resident investors. 
Income. Non-UK resident Investors should generally not be liable to UK tax on income from UK investments held directly 
or indirectly by the Fund, except to the extent that UK tax is deducted from such income at source. Interest income 
received from UK sources is generally subject to a withholding tax of 20%. Certain Investors may. however, be able to 
reclaim UK income tax deducted at source from interest payments made by UK resident investee companies and 
beneficially owned by them if such Investors are resident in a country with which the UK has concluded an appropriate 
double tax treaty and they are not otherwise carrying on a trade in the UK. 
In the case of an Investor who is an individual who is or has been a UK resident and who re-acquires UK residence on a 
retum to the UK after a period of five years or less of non-UK residence, certain types of income (including, for example, 
dividends arising to the Fund from a UK company) that arise during such an Investor's period of non-residence may be 
treated as arising to him in the period he reacquires residence in the UK and subject to income tax on that basis. 
Capital. Investors who are neither resident nor domiciled in the UK will not normally be liable to UK tax on gains made 
by the Fund. Such gains may. however, be liable to UK tax in the hands of an individual Investor on returning to the UK 
alter an absence of up to five years, if realized during the period of absence. 
The above comments do not address the position of a non-UK resident who holds his or her Interest for the purpose of a 
financial trade. whether carried on within or outside the UK. to whom different UK tax considerations apply. 
Inheritance tax. A limited partnership interest in an English limited partnership carrying on business in the UK is 
regarded as an asset located in the UK for the purposes of inheritance tax. This means that on the death of an Investor, 
inheritance tax could be payable. Inheritance tax could also be payable in relation to an Interest held on trust, for 
example, on the death of a beneficiary of an interest in possession trust or, in the case of a discretionary trust, the 
distribution of all or any part of an Interest from the trust or on the trust's ten year anniversaries. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039345 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185529 
EFTA01354747

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354748.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Cede." Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
FATCA and other International disclosure regimes. 
Foreign account tax compliance. Under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act provisions of the Code and related 
U.S. Treasury guidance (-FATCA"). a withholding tax of 30% will be imposed in certain circumstances on (i) payments of 
certain U.S. source income (including interest and dividends) and gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition after 
December 31, 2018. of property that can produce U.S. source interest or dividends ("withholdable payments") and 
(ii) payments made after December 31.2018 (or. if later, the date on which the final U.S. Treasury regulations that define 
"foreign passthru payments' are published) by certain foreign financial institutions (such as barks, brokers, investment 
funds or certain holding companies) ('FFIe) that are 'attributable to withholdable payments ("foreign passthru 
payments"). It is uncertain at present when payments will be treated as "attributable to withholdable payments. 
The United Kingdom and the United States have entered into a Model 1 intergovernmental agreement (the "U.S. MA') 
relating to FATCA and the United Kingdom has brought into law regulations to implement the provisions of the U.S. IGA 
(such regulations and any future implementing laws, rules or regulations, the 'UK FATCA Legislation"). The Fund will 
be required to comply with the UK FATCA Legislation, which will require the Fund to undertake certain verification, due 
diligence and other procedures and to report to HMRC certain information about the Fund's Investors and certain U.S. 
persons that indirectly hold an interest in the Fund through a non-U.S. Investor. HMRC will provide this information to the 
IRS. So long as the Fund complies with the UK FATCA Legislation, FATCA withholding generally will not be imposed on 
payments made to the Fund, or on an Investor's share (whether or not distributed) of such payments, except in each 
case with respect to an Investor that (i) does not certify its FATCA status to the Fund, (ii) is an FFI that has not entered 
into an agreement with the United States to comply with FATCA and is not subject to similar requirements under 
applicable non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an intergovernmental agreement, or (iii) is a non-U.S. entity that is 
not an FFI and has not identified (when so required) any 'substantial' U.S. owners (generally, any specified U.S. person 
that directly or indirectly owns more than a specified percentage of such entity) and, in each case, that does not 
otherwise establish an exemption from FATCA withholding (any Investor described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, a 
"Noncompliant Investor). 
Under the Fund Partnership Agreement, an Investor will be required to provide such information and documentation and 
comply with such procedures as are required for the Fund or any related entity to comply with any requirements relating 
to FATCA, including the U.S. IGA, the UK FATCA Legislation, and any other non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an 
intergovernmental agreement. The failure of an Investor to comply with these requirements may result in adverse 
consequences to such Investor pursuant to the Fund Partnership Agreement, including, possibly, the transfer of such 
Investor's interest in the Fund to a person selected by the General Partner for whatever consideration could be obtained 
for such interest. 
FATCA may also apply to certain non-U.S. entities held by or affiliated with the Fund. 
Although the application of FATCA to a sale or other disposition of an Interest is unclear, it is possible that the gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition by a Noncompliant Investor of an Interest may be subject to tax under 
FATCA 
Each Investor should consult its own tax adviser regarding the application of FATCA to an investment in the Fund. 
Common Reporting Standard and other international disclosure regimes. In addition to FATCA, the Fund will be 
subject to reporting regimes implemented by jurisdictions outside of the United States (including the United Kingdom). 
Such reporting regimes will include the OECD's Common Reporting Standard on the Automatic Exchange of Tax 
Information regarding mandatory automatic exchange of tax information. Such reporting regimes may require the Fund 
to report to an applicable government authority information about (i) each Investor in the Fund, (ii) certain persons that 
indirectly hold, or who control, an interest in the Fund through an Investor, and (iii) account information regarding such 
persons. An Investor will be required to provide the General Partner with any tax documentation or other information as 
required for the Fund to comply with any such reporting regimes. 
Certain other tax considerations 
The Fund may be subject to withholding and other taxes imposed by, and Investors may be subject to taxation and 
reporting requirements in, the jurisdictions of the Fund's activities or investments. Tax conventions between such 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039346 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165530 
EFTA01354748

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354749.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9 Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
countries and the jurisdiction in which an Investor is a resident may reduce or eliminate certain of these taxes Taxable 
Investors may be entitled to claim foreign tax credits or deductions with respect to such taxes, subject to applicable 
limitations.
Withholding taxes 
The Fund will withhold and pay over any withholding taxes required to be withheld with respect to any Investor and will 
treat such withholding as a payment to such Investor. Such payment will be treated as a distribution to the extent that 
the Investor is then entitled to receive a cash distribution. To the extent that such payment exceeds the amount of any 
cash distribution to which such Investor is then entitled, such Investor shall be required to make prompt payment to the 
Fund. Similar provisions would apply in the case of taxes withheld from a distribution to the Fund. 
Certain tax considerations for alternative investment vehicles 
The foregoing discussion generally does not address the tax consequences of an investment made through an 
alternative investment vehicle The tax consequences in the case of an alternative investment vehicle may be different 
from those described above. Each Investor is urged to consult its own tax adviser regarding an investment in an 
alternative investment vehicle 
Conlidenhal Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039347 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185531 
EFTA01354749

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354750.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039348 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185532 
EFTA01354750

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354751.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendices 
Confidential Prrvate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039349 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185533 
EFTA01354751

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354752.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund tV. LP 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
NOTICES TO CERTAIN INVESTORS 
The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. This Memorandum does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer to sell or the solicitation 
of an offer to buy Interests to any person in any jurisdiction to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of any Investor to satisfy itself as to full compliance with the applicable laws and 
regulations of any relevant jurisdiction in connection with the acquisition. holding and disposition of an Interest. including 
obtaining any governmental or other consent and observing any other formality prescribed in such junsdiction. This 
Memorandum does not constitute an offer of the Interests to the public and no action has been or will be taken to permit 
a public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that purpose. This Memorandum may not be 
distributed in any jurisdiction except in accordance with the legal requirements applicable in such jurisdiction. 
To the extent any of the confidentiality provisions contained in some legends below impose greater confidentiality 
restrictions than those already imposed herein, such additional confidentiality provisions shall be interpreted to apply only 
to the extent that such provisions are reasonably necessary to comply with the securities laws of the applicable 
jurisdiction. In the event that the legend below applicable to an investor or prospective investor does not contain any 
specific confidentiality provision, such investor or prospective investor may not reproduce or distribute this Memorandum 
or any materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the Interests, in whole or in part, or disclose 
any of their contents. where such disclosure would violate the securities laws of the applicable jurisdiction. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
For the purposes of the AIFMD. the Fund will constitute an EU AIF whose AIFM is the Manager, itself an EU AIF M. 
Except as provided below in respect of the specific member states listed, this Memorandum and any other documents or 
materials related to the offer or sale. or invitation for subscription or purchase. of the Interests. shall only be distributed to 
prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member state of the European Economic Area that 
are 'professional investors". For these purposes, a -professional investor' is a person who is considered to be a 
professional client or who may. on request. be treated as a professional client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 
2004/39/EC. 
Denmark 
This Memorandum may only be distributed and marketing may only take place (in Denmark) if the AIF has been 
passported into Denmark under the applicable provisions of AIFMD. 
Finland 
The Interests will be offered in Finland exclusively to investors qualifying as 'professional clients" (Fi: ammattimainen 
asiakas) as defined in the Finnish Act on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Fi: laki vaihtoehtorahastojen hoitejista, 
162/2014, as amended, the "AFMA). Accordingly, prospective investors should acknowledge that this Memorandum is 
not a prospectus within the meaning set forth in the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Fi: 
anmpaperimarkkinalekr 
746/2012. as amended, the "SMA'). The Fund has been notified for marketing to professional clients in Finland to the 
Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Fi: Finanssivalvonta, the 'FIN-FSA") in accordance with the AMA. If the 
Interests were to be construed as "securities' as defined in the SMA. based on the exemptions set forth in the SMA. the 
offering of the Interests would be exempted from the prospectus requirements of the SMA. Prospective investors should 
also note that neither the Manager nor any of its affiliates is an investment firm (Fi: sijoituspelveluyritys) as meant in the 
Finnish Investment Services Act (Fi: sijoituspalvelulaki. 747/2012. as amended) and they are not subject to the 
supervision of the FIN-FSA. This Memorandum has been prepared for private information purposes only and it may not 
be used for, and shall not be deemed, a public offering of the Interests. This Memorandum is strictly for private use by its 
holder and may not be passed on to third parties or otherwise distributed publicly. 
Germany 
The Interests may be marketed in Germany to professional investors (as defined above in the LEA standard securities 
legend) as well as to "semi-professional investors" but not to 'private investors" (each as defined in the German Capital 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039350 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185534 
EFTA01354752

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354753.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Act (Kapdatan/agegesetzbuch)) 
The Netherlands 
The Interests in the Fund described in this Memorandum will not, directly or indirectly, be offered, sold, transferred or 
delivered in the Netherlands, except to or by individuals or entities that are professional investors (professionele 
beteggers) within the meaning of Article 1.1 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht (or 
"Wft")). 
Neither the Manager (beheerder) nor the Fund are subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for fund 
managers or investment institutions contained in the Wft, but the Manager is subject to the regulatory requirements 
pursuant to the rules and regulations of its home state. 
Sweden 
This Memorandum has not been nor will it be registered with or approved by Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authonty). Accordingly, this Memorandum may not be made available. nor may the Interests in the Fund 
offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in Sweden, other than under circumstances which are deemed not to 
require a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (1991:980) (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel 
med finansiella instrument). The Manager is marketing Interests in the Fund in Sweden on the basis of the passport 
regime under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). This Memorandum 
will not be made available, nor will the Interests in the Fund offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in 
Sweden, to investors not qualifying as professional investors under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative 
Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). 
United Kingdom 
The Fund is an AIF for the purposes of the UK Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013. as amended 
(the 'AIFMD Regulations"). The Manager is a full-scope UK AIFM for the purposes of the AIFMD Regulations and is 
regulated by the FCA for this purpose. 
Accordingly, the marketing of the Fund to prospective investors in the United Kingdom by or on behalf of the Manager is 
prohibited unless carried on in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
The marketing of the Fund to professional investors in the United Kingdom by the Manager has been approved by the 
FCA in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
This Memorandum is not an approved prospectus for the purposes of Section 85 of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ('FSMA'). 
AUSTRALIA 
The Interests are only being offered in circumstances under which no disclosure is required under the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth) (the 'Corporations Act"). My offer of the Interests does not purport to be an offer of the Interests in 
circumstances under which disclosure is required under the Corporations Act and will only be made to persons who 
qualify as a *wholesale client'. a 'sophisticated investor or a 'professional investor (in each case, as defined in the 
Corporations Act). The Fund is not required to be registered in Australia as a managed investment scheme. This 
Memorandum will not be. and is not required to be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
Any offer will be made. and any financial services in connection with the interests will be provided. in Australia by THE 
Manager or its representatives. The Manager is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services 
license in respect of the financial services being provided by it. The Manager is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority under United Kingdom laws, which differ from Australian laws. 
BAHRAIN 
This Memorandum has not been reviewed by, registered with or filed with the Central Bank of Bahrain. 
This 
Memorandum may not be circulated within the Kingdom of Bahrain. the Interests may not be offered for subscription or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and no invitation or offer to subscribe for the Interests may be made, to persons in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain. The Central Bank of Bahrain is not responsible for the performance of the Fund or its sponsor. 
Conlidennal Prerate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039351 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185535 
EFTA01354753

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354754.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
BRAZIL 
This offering is not a public offering of securities for the purposes of the applicable Brazilian regulations and has 
therefore not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission (Comisseo de Valores Mobiherbs) 
or any other government authority in Brazil. All information contained herein is confidential and is for the exclusive use 
and review of the intended addressee of this Memorandum, and may not be passed on to any third party. 
BRUNEI 
This Memorandum is a private placement memorandum and. as such, it is not and shall not be construed as an offer to 
sell or an 'Station or solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for any Interests to the public or any class or section 
thereof in Brunei Darussalam and is for information purposes only. This Memorandum, and any other document, 
circular. notice or other materials issued in connection therewith. shall not be distributed or redistributed, published or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, to, and shall not be relied upon or used by. the public or any member of the public in 
Brunei Darussalam. All offers, acceptances subscriptions, sales. and allotments of the Interests or any part thereof shall 
be made outside Brunei Darussalam. This Memorandum and the Interests have not been delivered to. registered with. 
or licensed or approved by the Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. the authority designated under the Securities 
Markets Order. 2013 or by any other government agency, or under any other law, in Brunei Darussalam. Nothing in this 
Memorandum shall constitute legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. The recipient should independently evaluate 
any specific investment in consultation with professional advisors in law. tax, accounting and investments. 
CANADA 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a Limited Partner with remedies for 
rescission or damages if the offering memorandum (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the Limited Partner within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province or territory. The Limited Partner should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal adviser. The Interests may be sold only to Limited Partners purchasing. or deemed to be 
purchasing, the Interests as a principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 733(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements. Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. My resale of 
the securities must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable Canadian provincial securities laws. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Interests. 
CHILE 
Neither the Fund nor the Interests are registered in the Registry of Offshore Securities (.1 Registry de Valores 
Extrarryeros) or subject to the supervision of the Securities and Insurance Supervisory Authority of Chile (la 
Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile). This Memorandum and other offering materials relating to the offer of 
the Interests do not constitute a public offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the Interests in the Republic 
of Chile. other than to individually identified Investors pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of Article 4 of the 
Chilean Securities Act Oa Ley del Mercado de Valores) (an offer that is not 'addressed to the public at large or to a 
certain sector or specific group of the public"). 
CHINA 
This Memorandum does not constitute a public offer of the Interests. whether by way of sale or subscription in the 
People's Republic of China (the "PRC"). Restrictions exist on the offering, distribution, transfer and resale of the 
Interests within the PRC. and the Interests may not be offered, distributed or resold to the public in the PRC. or for the 
benefit of legal or natural persons in the PRC. without compliance with PRC law or prior approval from the PRC 
regulatory authorities. For the purposes of this paragraph, the PRC does not include Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. 
COLOMBIA 
This Memorandum does not constitute an invitation to invest or a public otter in the Republic of Colombia and is not 
Conlidennal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039352 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185536 
EFTA01354754

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354755.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
governed by Colombian law. The Interests have not been and will not be registered with the National Register of 
Securities and Issuers (e/ Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) maintained by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Colombia (fa Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) and will not be listed on the Colombian Stock Exchange 
(la Boise de Valores de Colombia). The Interests are being offered under circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering of securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. The offer of the Interests is addressed 
to fewer than one hundred specifically identified investors. Accordingly, the Interests may not be marketed, offered, sold 
or negotiated in Colombia. except under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under 
applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. This Memorandum is provided at the request of the addressee for 
information purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. The Interests may not be promoted or marketed in 
Colombia or to Colombian residents unless such promotion and marketing is carried out in compliance with Decree 2555 
of 2010 and other applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of foreign financial and securities related 
products or services in Colombia. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge that the Interests (i) are not financial products. (ii) are transferable only in 
accordance with the terms of the Fund's constitutional documents and (ii) do not offer any principal protection. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge Colombian laws and regulations (in particular, foreign exchange, securities 
and tax regulations) applicable to any transaction or investment consummated in connection with an investment in the 
Fund, and represent that they are the sole liable party for full compliance with any such laws and regulations. In addition. 
Colombian investors acknowledge and agree that the Fund will not have any responsibility, liability or obligation in 
connection with any consent, approval, filing, proceeding, authorization or permission required by the investor or any 
actions taken or to be taken by the investor in connection with the offer, sale or delivery of the Interests under Colombian 
law. 
DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum, the offering and the Interests relate to the Fund, which is a foreign investment fund. The Fund is 
not subject to any form of regulation by the Dubai International Financial Centre (the -DIFC") or the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the -DFSA"). None of the Fund, this Memorandum, the offering or the Interests have been approved. 
registered, recognized or licensed by the DIFC or the DFSA. 
Neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has any responsibility for reviewing or verifying this Memorandum or any other 
memorandum, downent or information relating to the Fund. Accordingly, neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has approved 
this Memorandum or any other related document or taken any steps to verify the information set out in this Memorandum 
and has no responsibility for it. 
The Interests may be illiquid and subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the Interests should 
conduct their own due diligence on the Interests. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
This Memorandum is intended only for prospective investors who: (a) are Professional Clients' for the purposes of, and 
as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook and (b) can make a mirimum subscription of at least USS50.000 as specified in the 
DIFC Collective Investment Law and the DIFC Collective Investment Rules, and must not therefore be delivered to, or 
relied on by (i) a potential investor who is a 'Retail Client' for the purposes of, and as defined in. the DFSA Rulebook, or 
(ii) a Professional Client not able to make such minimum subscription. 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039353 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185537 
EFTA01354755

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354756.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354756.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
GUERNSEY 
This Memorandum has not been approved or authorized by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission (the 
"Commission) or the States of Guernsey Policy Council, nor has it been delivered to the Commission pursuant to the 
Prospectus Rules 2008 issued under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law. 1987. and therefore this 
Memorandum may not be circulated by way of pubic offer in the Bailiwick of Guernsey. 
HAITI 
This Memorandum is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this Memorandum is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests is being made in Haiti and no agreement relating to the sale 
of the Interests will be concluded in Haiti. 
HONG KONG 
This confidential Memorandum has not been approved by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of this Memorandum or any other 
document other than to 'professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the 
Laws of Hong Kong) or in other circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public for the purposes of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
This Memorandum is delivered only to the intended recipient thereof solely for the purpose of evaluating a possible 
investment in the Fund, and may not be used, copied, reproduced or distributed, in whole or in part, to any other person 
(other than professional advisers of such recipient). Subscriptions will not be accepted from any person other than the 
person to whom this Memorandum has been delivered. 
ISRAEL 
This Memorandum shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Interests in the State of 
Israel. This Memorandum is not intended to be issued to persons other than to individuals and/or corporations of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of. and the First Schedule to. the Israeli Securities Law, 1968. as amended from 
time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the 'Israeli Securities Law". 
In making an investment decision, Limited Partners mist rely on their own examination of the Fund and the terms of the 
offering. including the merits and risks involved. The Interests have not been recommended by the Israeli Securities 
Authority or the regulatory authority of any other jurisdiction. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed 
the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. For the avoidance of any doubt no investment advice is 
being given to the Limited Partners by the Fund or its representatives under the Israeli Investment Advising, Investment 
Marketing and Investment Portfolio Management Law, 1995 (the -Israel) Investment Advising Law). In marketing, the 
personal circumstances, investment objectives and requirements of a Limited Partner have not and will not be 
considered. The Fund and its representatives are not licensed under the laws of the State of Israel as investment 
adviser or investment marketer. 
The offer and sale of the Interests will not be registered under the Israeli Securities Law. Prior to the purchase of any 
Interests. a prospective investor may be required to represent to the Fund that it is an individual and/or corporation of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the Israeli Securities Law, or may otherwise be 
required to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Fund that the offer and sale of Interests to such prospective investor 
would not give rise to circumstances which would constitute an offer or sale to the public within the meaning of the Israeli 
Securities Law. 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as legal, tax. financial or investment advice. 
Each prospective investor should consult its own professional advisers as to the legal, tax. financial or other matters 
relevant to the suitability of an investment by such prospective investor in the Fund. The Interests are subject to 
restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except in accordance with the requirements 
and conditions set forth in this Memorandum. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to bear the 
financial risks of their investment for an extended period of time. 
JAPAN 
No registration pursuant to article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the 'FIEL") 
Conlidenttal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039354 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185538 
EFTA01354756

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354757.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
has been made or will be made with respect to the solicitation of the application for the acquisition of the Interests, on the 
grounds that the Interests are securities set forth in article 2, paragraph 2, item 6 of the FIEL and the small number 
private placement exemption for such securities applies to such solicitation since it does not fall under the category set 
forth in article 2. paragraph 3. item 3 of the FIEL. 
No Interests shall be sold in Japan unless at least one qualified institutional investor (a -011") as defined in article 2, 
paragraph 3. item 1 of the FIEL and article 10 of the cabinet order regarding definitions under article 2 of the FIEL 
acquires the Interests. No Interest shall be sold to, or held by, persons other than (i) Oils or (in persons listed in article 
17-12, paragraph 1 of the Order for Enforcement of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law ('Qualified Non-Oils"). 
The number of Qualified Non-Qlls in Japan shall not exceed 49. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any person set 
forth in article 63, paragraph 1, item 1, sub-items (i) to (iii) of the FIEL. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any 
person where a sale or a transfer of Interests to the person triggers article 234-2, paragraph 2. item 1 or 2 of the Cabinet 
Office Ordinance regarding Financial Instruments Business, etc., whereby the General Partner of the Fund is unable to 
rely on the exemption set forth in article 63 of the FIEL. 
No transfer of the Interests acquired by a QV may be made to persons other than Gills. No transfer of the Interests 
acquired by a Qualified Non-011 in Japan may be made except for the transfer by such person of its entire Interests to 
only one person. 
The General Partner has an intention to rely on the exemption of Specially Permitted Businesses for Qualified 
Institutional Investors. etc. set forth in article 63 of the FIEL (so-called, the "Oil-targeted fund exemption"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may withdraw the QII-targeted fund exemption any time, and may 
rely on other available exemptions under the FIEL. 
This Memorandum is confidential and is intended solely for the use of its recipient. Any duplication or redistribution of 
this Memorandum is prohibited. The recipient of this Memorandum, by accepting delivery thereof, agrees to return it and 
all related documents to the Fund or its placement agent if the recipient elects not to purchase any of the Interests 
offered hereby or if requested earlier by the Fund or its placement agent. Neither the return of the principal amount 
invested nor the distribution of profit from the investment is guaranteed. An investment in the Interests involves certain 
risks of loss caused by fluctuation of interest rates, currency and other market factors, or the credit risk of the 
counterparties or relevant parties thereof. Prospective investors should read the terms of the investment carefully, in 
particular those relating to limitations on the period in which rights relating to such investment may be exercised. 
In Japan. this Memorandum is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) Limited (-CSJL'), a registered Financial 
Instruments Firm (Director-General of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 66). CSJL is a member of Japan 
Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association and 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
KUWAIT 
This Memorandum Is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The Interests have not been licensed for 
offering in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other relevant Kuwaiti government agency. 
The offering of the Interests In Kuwait on the basis a private placement or public offering is, therefore, restricted 
In accordance with Law No. 7 o12010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended). No private or public offering of the 
Interests is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of the Interests will be concluded in 
Kuwait. No marketing, solicitation or inducement activities are being used to offer or market the interests in 
Kuwait. 
MEXICO 
Any prospective Investor must be either an institutional investor (inversionista institutional) or a qualified investor 
(inversionista caliticado) within the meaning of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores) (the 
-Securities Market Law") and other applicable Mexican laws in effect. 
The Interests have not and will not be registered in the National Registry of Securities (Registro Nacional de Valores) 
maintained by the Mexican Banking and Securities Commission (Cornish:in Nacional Bancaria y de Valores). The 
Interests may not be offered or sold in the United Mexican States by any means except in circumstances which 
constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its regSations. No Mexican regulatory 
authority has approved or disapproved the Interests or passed on the solvency of the Fund. All applicable provisions of 
the Securities Market Law must be complied with in respect of any sale, offer or distribution of, or intermediation in 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039355 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185539 
EFTA01354757

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354758.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
respect of, the Interests in, from or otherwise involving Mexico. and any resale of the Interests within Mexican territory 
must be made in a manner that will constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its 
regulations. 
MONACO 
The recipient acknowledges having full command of English and waives all claims on grounds of language 
misunderstanding in this document. 
Le destineteire du present document reconnair avoir une parfaits maitrise de lenglais et renonce a tout recours Londe 
sur one mauvaise comprehension de la langue utilisee dans ce document. 
NEW ZEALAND 
The Manager does not intend that the Interests be offered for sale or subscription under a regulated offer in New Zealand 
in terms of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (or any statutory modification or re•enactment of. or 
statutory substitution for, that Act) CFMC Act'). Accordingly: 
(i) 
no product disclosure statement has been prepared or will be registered; and 
(ii) 
the Interests have not been and may not be offered or sold to any person in New Zealand other than 
"wholesale investors' as that term is defined in clause 3(2) of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act, being a 
person that: 
(a) 
is an Investment business": 
(b) 
meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act 
(c) 
is large': or 
(d) 
is a government agency. 
in each case, as defined in Schedule 1 of the FMC Act. 
No action has been taken by the Manager which would permit an offer of the Interests. or possession or distribution of 
any offering material, to any person other than as specified in (ii)(a) through (d) above. No Investor shall directly or 
indirectly offer, sell or deliver any Interests, or distribute this Memorandum or any advertisement in relation to any offer of 
the Interests. in New Zealand, other than to persons specified in (ii)(a) through (d) above. 
OMAN 
The information contained in this Memorandum is confidential and for your information only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of action. You should consult with an appropriate 
professional for specific advice rendered on the basis of your situation. This Memorandum neither constitutes an offer of 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4174 
as amended) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98 as amended), nor does it constitute the marketing 
of non-Oman securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market 
Law (issued pursuant to Decision No. 1/2UU9) (the 'Executive Regulations"). The Interests have not and will not be listed 
on any stock exchange in the Sultanate of Oman. The Manager is not a licensed broker, dealer, financial adviser or 
investment adviser licensed under the laws applicable in the Sultanate of Oman, and, as such, does not advise potential 
investors in the Sultanate of Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in or purchasing or selling securities or other 
financial products. Additionally, this Memorandum is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever 
nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman and is not intended to constitute legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice in, or in respect of, the Sultanate of Oman. The recipient of this Memorandum acknowledges and 
agrees that neither this Memorandum nor the Fund has been registered or approved by the Central Bank of Oman. the 
Oman Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the Sultanate of 
Oman. nor is the Manager authorized or licensed by the Central Bank of Oman, the Oman Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the Sultanate of Oman, to market or sell the 
interests in the Fund within the Sultanate of Oman. Further, the recipient of this Memorandum represents that it is a 
sophisticated investor (as described in Article 139 (f) of the Executive Regulations) and has such experience in business 
ConWenner Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039356 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185540 
EFTA01354758

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354759.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in securities. 
PERU 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered in Peru under Decreto Legislativo 862: Ley de Fondos de 
InversiOn y sus Sociedades Administradores or under Decreto Legislativo 861: Ley del Mercado de Vellums (the 
"Securities Market Law"), and are being offered to institutional investors only (as defined in article 8 of the Securities 
Market Law) pursuant to a private placement, according to article 5 of the Securities Market Law. The Interests have not 
been registered in the securities market public registry (Registro POblico del Mercado de Va!ores) maintained by. and the 
offering of the Interests in Peru is not subject to the supervision of, the Superintendencia del Mercado de Valor's. Any 
transfers of the Interests shall be subject to the limitations contained in the Securities Market Law and the regulations 
issued thereunder. 
QATAR AND THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE 
This Memorandum is provided on an exclusive basis to the specifically intended recipient thereof, upon such recipient's 
request and initiative, and for such recipient's personal use only. 
Nothing in this Memorandum constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall be treated as constituting or shall be deemed to 
constitute, any offer or sale of securities in the State of Qatar or in the Qatar Financial Centre, or the inward marketing of 
an investment kind or an attempt to do business, as a bank. an investment company or otherwise in the State of Qatar or 
in the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor the Interests have been approved. registered or licensed by the Qatar Central Bank, the 
Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority or any other regulator in the State of 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor any related documents have been reviewed or approved by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Central Bank. 
Recourse against the Fund. and those involved with it, may be limited or difficult and may have to be pursued in a 
jurisdiction outside Qatar and the Qatar Financial Centre. 
My distribution of this Memorandum by the recipient to third parties in Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre in breach of 
the terms hereof is not authorized and shall be at the liability of such recipient. 
SAUDI ARABIA 
This Memorandum may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under 
the Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority (the -CMA'). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Memorandum, and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any pad of this Memorandum. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the Interests. If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
SINGAPORE 
This Memorandum has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this 
Memorandum and any other documents or materials in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for the subscription 
for or purchase, of the Interests, may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Interests be offered or sold, or be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase. whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor pursuant to Section 3O4 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore (the *SFA'), or (ii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
SOUTH KOREA 
This Memorandum is being provided in response to the specific request of the recipient, and should not be construed in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039357 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185541 
EFTA01354759

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354760.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354760.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
any way as the Fund (or any of its affiliates or agents) soliciting investment or offering to sell the Interests. The Fund 
makes no representation with respect to the eligibility of any recipients of this Memorandum to acquire the Interests 
under the laws of Korea. including, without limitation, the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law and Regulations 
thereunder. The Interests have not been registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea (the "FSC') in 
Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea. and the Interests may not be offered. 
sold or delivered, or offered or sold to any person for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident 
of Korea except pursuant to applicable laws and regulations of Korea. Furthermore, the Interests may not be resold to 
Korean residents unless Investor complies with all applicable regulatory requirements (including, without limitation, 
governmental approval requirements under the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law and its subordinate decrees and 
regulations) in connection with the purchase of the Interests. 
ST. KITTS AND NEVIS 
This Memorandum does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Memorandum has not been 
reviewed by the Securities Commission or the Financial Services Regulatory Commission in St. Kitts and Nevis. No 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the 
merits of the offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any regulatory authority in St. Kitts and 
Nevis. Each investor should consult his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for advice on the various 
legal, tax or economic matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund. There is risk involved in investing, with the 
ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire investment. 
SWITZERLAND 
The Interests shall be distributed in Switzerland exclusively to qualified investors as defined by Article 10 § 3 of the 
Collective Investment Scheme Act 2006. as amended ("LISA-) and Article 6 of the Collective Investment Scheme 
Ordinance 2006, as amended ("MO") (Qualified Investors). The Fund has not been and will not be registered with the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ('FINMA"). 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA. 6 Cours de Rive. CH-1204 Geneva (the 
"Representative"). The offering documents. Fund Documents and audited financial statements can be obtained free of 
charge from the Representative. The place of performance for the Interests offered or distributed in or from Switzerland 
is the registered office of the Representative. The courts of the canton of Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any 
disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute related to the distribution of Interests in and from 
Switzerland shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantons* de Geneve. 17 Quai de I'lle. CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the 
'Paying Agent'). Interests may be subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying Agent. A handling commission will be 
charged by the Paying Agent. If a subscription or redemption is made through the Paying Agent, instructions and money 
must be received by the paying agent at least 24 hours before the appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
The fees and expenses associated with the representation, paying agency and other distribution items may be charged 
to the Fund. As applicable, the actual amount of such fees and expenses will be disclosed in the audited financial 
statements. 
In distributing the Interests in Switzerland, the General Partner is authorized to pass on distnbutton fees to the 
distributors and sales partners listed below: 
• 
distributors subject to authorization as defined in Article 19 al. 1 of the CISA (Swiss or foreign distributors 
regulated in their home jurisdiction); 
• 
distributors that are not required to obtain an authorization as defined under Article 19 al 1 of the CISA and 
article 8 of CISO (financial intermediaries regulated by FINMA. banks, insurance companies, fund managers, 
representatives; 
• 
Sales partners who place Interests in the Fund with their customers exclusively through a written commission-
based investment management or advisory mandate (e.g., independent asset managers or advisors). 
When a retrocession payment may give rise to a conflict of interest, the recipient of the retrocession must ensure 
transparent disclosure and inform investors, unsolicited and free of charge, of the amount of retrocession it may receive 
for distribution. Upon request, the recipient must disclose the actual amount of retrocession received for distributing the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039358 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185542 
EFTA01354760

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354761.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund to the investor requinng information. 
The General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates to Limited Partners (including Limited Partners domiciled in 
Switzerland). The purpose of a rebate is to reduce the fees or costs incurred by a Limited Partner that is granted such 
rebate. Rebates are permitted provided that (a) such rebates (i) are paid from management fees and do not represent 
an additional charge on the assets of the Fund and (ii) are granted on the basis of objective criteria and (b) all Limited 
Partners in Switzerland who meet the applicable objective criteria and demand rebates are also granted the relevant 
rebate within the same timeframe and to the same extent. See Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions for a 
description of how the General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates by way of a Side Letter. 
TAIWAN 
The offering, distribution and resale of the Interests have not been approved by or registered with the Taiwan Financial 
Supervisory Commission and thus the Interests cannot be offered, distributed or resold in Taiwan. Private placement of 
the Interests may only be made subject to restrictions under Taiwan laws. 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum and the Interests relate to the Fund, which is a foreign investment fund. The Fund is not subject 
to any form of regulation by the Central Bank of the United Nab Emirates (the 'UAE"). the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the 'SCA') or any other authority in the UAE (collectively, the *UAE Regulatory Authorities"). 
The Fund is not registered or licensed by any of the UAE Regulatory Authorities, and no approval has been received 
from any of the UAE Regulatory Authorities to market. offer or sell the Interests in the UAE. 
None of the UAE Regulatory Authorities has any responsibility in respect of this Memorandum and, accordingly, none of 
the UAE Regulatory Authorities has approved this Memorandum, taken any steps to verify the information set out herein 
or has any responsibility for it. In particular, this Memorandum has not been approved pursuant to SCA Board of 
Directors' Chairman Decision No. (9/R.M) of 2016 Concerning the Regulations as to Mutual Funds and the Chairman of 
the SCA Board of Directors Decision No. 3/R.M. of 2017 Concerning the Organization of Promotion and Introduction 
issued by the SCA 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a public offer of securities under applicable laws of the UAE and the 
Interests will not be admitted to trading on any stock exchange in the UAE. The Interests may not be offered or sold 
directly or indirectly to the public in the UAE. 
No sale or subscription for any financial products or services will be consummated within the UAE pursuant to this 
Memorandum, other than a sale or subscription to: 
0) 
investment funds owned by federal or local government entities in the UAE: or 
(II) 
where the Investor has itself solicited information with respect to the Fund and expressed an interest in 
making an offer to purchase the Interests, which is not based on promotion by the Fund or any related 
party thereto. 
The entity conducting the private placement of the Interests is not licensed as a financial consultant, investment 
company, fund manager, broker. dealer or advisor under applicable laws of the UAE. and it does not advise individuals 
resident in the UAE as to the appropriateness of investing in. purchasing or selling any financial product. 
Nothing contained in this Memorandum is intended to constitute UAE investment, legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice. 
This Memorandum is for the information of prospective investors only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of action. Prospective investors should seek 
appropriate professional advice. The offering. the Interests, the Fund and this Memorandum are subject to any changes 
in the laws of the UAE. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
In making an investment decision prospective must rely on their own examination of the issuer and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039359 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185543 
EFTA01354761

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354762.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354762.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or slate securities commission or regulatory authority. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this 
Memorandum. My representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any state or other securities laws or 
the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in the 
United States only to qualifying recipients of this Memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D thereof and any applicable regulations 
promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws of the states and other jurisdictions where 
the offering will be made. 
The Interests are being sold for investment only and are subject to restrictions on 
transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement 
and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption 
therefrom. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act. Consequently. Investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. 
There will be no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation on the part of any person to register the 
Interests under the Securities Act. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039360 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185544 
EFTA01354762

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354763.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund tt,/, LP 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
(A) 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NOT NATURAL PERSONS 
Each prospective investor in the Fund that is not a natural person (e.g.. a body corporate or a partnership) should 
provide the notice below - (8) Notice to Investors that are Natural Persons - to each individual that will be required to 
provide personal data in connection with such prospective investor's investment in the Fund. For example, ultimate 
beneficial owners. officers or other authorized signatories. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Glendower Capital. LLP assuming responsibility as the "data controller on behalf of the 
Fund, does not relieve any prospective investor that is a non-natural person from its duties and obligations in respect of 
personal data provided. 
(B) 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NATURAL PERSONS 
This notice is being provided to explain how any personal data that is provided in connection an investment in the Fund 
by a natural person will be treated. 
Glendower Capital. LLP (the 'Data Controller') will be the 'data controller for any personal information provided to the 
Manager, the General Partner or their respective Affiliates or service providers in connection with an investment in the 
Fund. Contact details for the Data Controller are at the end of this Privacy Notice. 
The personal data which will be processed by the Data Controter may include name, home address, email address, 
phone number, proof of ID (such as passport and driving licence details), tax identifier. information on your investment 
history and experience and details of your bank account. Access to your personal data is required in connection with an 
investment in the Fund for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to, (i) in connection with applicable know your 
client,' anti-money laundering laws and regulations and other applicable laws and regulations, (ii) in order for the 
Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator to communicate with you during the life of the Fund and 
(iii) your bank account details in order to make distributions. 
In connection with the management and operation of the Fund, it will become necessary for the Data Controller to share 
your data with other entities in order to effect and administer your investment in the Fund. These entities include, but are 
not limited to, the Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator (currently, Gen II Fund Services. LLC), the 
Fund's depositary (currently, Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited), any bank with which the Fund enters into a 
subscription line facility (currently, it is expected that Lloyds Bank plc. will be the arranger of such a facility), the Fund's 
professional advisers (such as Debevoise & Plimpton LLP) and the Fund's auditor. In addition, certain Limited Partners 
may request contact information for the other Limited Partners (or a subset thereof). Unless compelled by law or 
regulation, the Data Controller will not share you' contact details with other Limited Partners without your consent. 
While the Fund will initially receive and store your personal data in the United Kingdom, it may be necessary for the Fund 
or third parties to transfer this data outside of the European Economic Area, including to the United States of America. In 
some cases, your data may be transferred to jurisdictions outside of the EEA that do not have equivalent data protection 
frameworks to those inside the EEA. This includes the United States of America and the Cayman Islands. 
Your personal data will only be retained for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as 
reasonably determined by the Data Controller. The Data Controller is unable to state at the outset how long that period 
will be: it will be at least for the period you remain a Limited Partner and may extend beyond this period where necessary 
for the Manager, the General Partner, the Fund or other relevant entities to comply with their respective legal and 
regulatory obligation or to facilitate the Fund's on-going administration and performance. 
After providing personal information in connection with your investment in the Fund, you will have various rights in 
respect of the information you provide. These include, your right to: 
• 
request access to your personal data: 
• 
obtain information about the use of your personal data including: (i) the purposes for which your personal data 
is being used: (ii) the categories of your personal data being used: (iii) to whom your personal data has been or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039361 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185545 
EFTA01354763

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354764.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354764.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
will be disclosed; (iv) where possible, the period for which your data will be retained; (v) your right to require 
rectification or erasure of your personal data or restrict or object to its use; (vi) your right to lodge a complaint 
with the UK Information Commissioner's Office (the 1CO") or other supervisory authority: and (vii) whether your 
data is subject to any automated decision-making including profiling; 
• 
require rectification (correction) of errors in your personal data without undue delay. 
• 
have your personal data erased without undue delay in certain circumstances including where: (i) your personal 
data is no longer needs to be processed for the purposes for which it was collected; (0) your personal data has 
been processed unlawfully; and (iii) erasure is required by applicable law; 
• 
restrict the processing of your personal data in certain situations including where: (i) you are contesting the 
accuracy of your personal data; (ii) your data is being processed unlawfully but you do not want your data 
erased; (iii) your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes for which you provided it but you require 
that data to help establish, exercise or defend legal claims; and 
• 
receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transmit that data 
to a third party. 
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please use the contact details below. 
If you wish to exercise any of these rights and the Data Controller has transferred your data to a third party, the Data 
Controller will communicate such request to each relevant third party unless it would be impossible or involve 
disproportionate effort for the Data Controller to do so. 
• 
To the extent you have any questions about the processing of your information or wish to exercise any of the rights 
referred to above, please contact Deirdre Davies at Glendower Capital. LLP at 16 Berkeley Street, London. W1J 8OZ. 
United Kingdom. 
You can also bring any issues or concerns you have regarding your personal data to the attention of the ICO which, for 
purposes of an investment in the Fund, will be the relevant supervisory authority. 
Details regarding the ICO and its powers can be found at: vivnv,IC0.org.uk.
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
100 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039362 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185546 
EFTA01354764

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354765.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering 
GENERAL ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING CONSIDERATIONS 
The Manager takes seriously its responsibility to prevent the Fund from being used for money laundering or other illicit 
purposes. To comply with anti-money laundering laws, the Manager or any designee thereof may require a detailed 
verification of the identity and residence of each Investor (and each person who holds a beneficial interest in each 
Investor) and the source of the payment of the investment. Each of the Manager or its designee reserves the right to 
request such information as it considers necessary to verify the identity of any Investor (and each person who holds a 
beneficial interest in each Investor) and may also independently obtain such information. In the event of delay or failure 
by any Investor to produce any information required for verification purposes, the Manager or its designee may refuse to 
accept such Investors subscription for an Interest, and any funds received will be returned to the account from which 
such funds were sent (unless such return is, in the judgment of the Manager or its designee, contrary to applicable law, 
regulation or the instructions of law enforcement officials, in which case the funds may be blocked or retained). If the 
Manager or its designee has a suspicion obtained in the course of business that any person is engaged in money 
laundering or other illegal activity, the Manager must. notwithstanding any obligations of confidentiality that might 
otherwise apply. report such suspicion to the appropriate authorities pursuant to applicable law. 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING LEGISLATION 
In order to comply with applicable anti-money laundering legislation, the Manager has an obligation to ask each Investor 
questions regarding its identity, address, source of funds and, if necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, 
beneficial owners or control structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, 
enhanced anti-money laundering regulations require that should any of the above personal or institutional information 
change. such clients must immediately notify the Manager of the change(s) and provide the Manager with relevant 
documentation to verify these changes. 
ECONOMIC SANCTION REGULATIONS 
Each Investor will be required to make representations and warranties to the Manager that, among other things, the 
Interests to be purchased by the Investor will not be held by, or for the benefit of. any person currently subject to UK 
sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the 
U.S. Treasury Department (collectively, the -Sanction Regulations"). The Manager and its designee may undertake 
their own efforts to verify the accuracy of any Investor's representations and warranties and, so long as an Investor holds 
an Interest, may seek to verify that neither the Investor nor any person holding a beneficial interest in the Investor is 
subject to any then-applicable Sanction Regulations. 
The Manager also may be required in the future to obtain 
additional disclosures from an Investor (and each of the beneficial owners of such Investor) to comply with the Sanction 
Regulations. If the Manager or its designee determines that an Investor or a person holding a beneficial interest in an 
Investor is subject to any of the Sanction Regulations. the Manager may be obligated by law to block and retain an 
Investor's investment. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
101 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039363 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185547 
EFTA01354765

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354766.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354766.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
25°  Test 
As defined in Section 9 Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations.
Administration 
Agreement 
The administrative services agreement to be entered into at or around the date of the First 
Closing, among the Administrator and the Fund. 
Advance 
An amount equal to 9999% of a Limited Partner's Commitment which may be drawn down 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund 
Advisers Act 
The U.S. Advisers Act of 1940, as amended 
AlFfilD 
The EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/6I/EU) 
Alternative Vehicle 
An alternative investment vehicle through which the Manager will have the right in connection 
with any investment. to direct the Advances of some or all of the Limited Partners to be made.
Benefit Plan Investor 
As defined in Section 9. Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
BEPS 
Base erosion and profit shifting.
Brex it 
As defined in Section 7 Risk Factors 
Carried Interest 
The distributions to the Special Limited Partner described in sub-paragraphs (in) and (iv) of 
the 'Distributions" paragraph of Section 6 Summary of Pnnctpal Terms and Conditions.
CFCs 
As defined in Section 9. Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
CFTC 
The U.S Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
Closing 
The First Closing and one or more additional closings of the Fund to admit additional 
Investors.
Code 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as amended. 
Commitment 
A Limited Partners commitment to the Fund.
Complementary Fund 
A multiple third party investor fund with investment objectives and strategies that overlap with 
the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to specific asset 
categones or strategies 
Covered Person 
CPO 
Each of the General Partner, the Manager, their respective affiliates, the Fund Advisory 
Committee members, their respective affiliates, the directors, officers, partners, members, 
employees or agents of each of them 
A -commodity pool operator' for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3).
Data Cont roller 
Glendower Capital.
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
102 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039364 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185548 
EFTA01354766

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354767.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary Agreement 
The depositary agreement, to be entered into at or around the date of the First Closing, 
among the Depositary, the Manager and the Fund. 
Deutsche Asset 
Management 
The private equity and alternatives business of Deutsche Bank. 
Deutsche Bank 
Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates. 
DOL 
U.S. Department of Labor. 
dollars, USS or E 
U.S. dollars. 
DPI 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital. 
ECI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Eligible Investors 
Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. 
Eligible Non-U.S. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Investor 
Eligible U.S. Investor 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. EFtISA and Tax Considerations. 
ERISA 
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
EU AIF 
An 'alternative investment fund" under the AIFMD which is authorized, registered or has its 
principal place of business in a European Economic Area member state. 
Exchange Act 
FATCA 
FCA 
Feeder Fund 
The U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. as amended. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Code. 
UK Financial Conduct Authority. 
A feeder fund established by the General Partner or the Manager which will invest in the Fund 
or a Parallel Fund to accommodate the investment requirements of certain investors. 
FFI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Final Admission Date 
The last date on which investors may be admitted to the Fund. 
First Closing 
The event at which Investors are first admitted to the Fund. 
FMV 
Fair Market Value. 
foreign passthru 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERSA and Tax Considerations. 
payments 
FSMA 
The UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended. 
Confidential Private Pbcement Memorandum 
103 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039365 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185549 
EFTA01354767

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354768.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Fund Advisory 
The advisory committee. comprising representatives of certain Limited Partners, established 
Committee 
by the Pisa to consult with the General Partner or Manager as to potential conflicts of 
interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters 
Fund Documents 
The Fund Partnership Agreement and certain other legal documents in respect of the Fund.
Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
The amended and restated limited partnership agreement of the Fund.
Fund Secondary 
An investment interest in an established generalist and specialist private equity fund structure 
(including a funds of fund. feeder fund or other similar structure) 
Fund Sponsor 
A general partner. manager or adviser of a private equity investment fund. 
General Partner 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited. a special purpose entity established in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. 
General Partner's 
Share 
The profit share distnbuted to the General Partner by the Fund 
Glendower Capital or 
Glendower Capital. LLP. an English limited liability partnership.
Glendower 
Glendower SOF Team 
As defined in Section 1 Executive Summary. 
GP 
The general partner. manager or equivalent in respect of an underlying investment fund.
GP-led Secondary 
An investment interest in a portfolio of private equity assets on the secondary market 
Gross IRR 
Gross Internal Rate of Return 
Interest 
A limited partnership interest in the Fund.
Invested Capital 
With respect to a Limited Partner or a Feeder Fund investor, such Limited Partner's or such 
Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down Commitment (or equivalent), that is. at the date of 
determination, invested in portfolio investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) 
that the Manager has reasonably reserved for portfolio investments 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee to be established by the Manager that. inter al's. will screen and 
evaluate investment opportunities for the Fund.
Investment Company 
The U.S Investment Company Act of 1940. as amended.
Act 
Investment 
Management 
Agreement 
The investment management agreement relating to the appointment of the Manager as the 
investment manager of the Fund.
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
104 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039366 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185550 
EFTA01354768

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354769.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Investment Period 
The period from the First Closing until the end of the quarter following the earliest to occur of 
(I) the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested. committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities. or formally reserved for such purpose. and 
(ii) four years from the Final Admission Date.
Investment Platforms 
The Fund and various investment vehicles (including separate accounts) sponsored or 
advised by the Manager and its affiliates 
Investment 
(a) Prior to the Final Admission Date. an amount equal to the greater of (i) US$1.75 billion 
Restriction Base 
and (ii) the aggregate Commitments accepted as at the date of determination and 
(b) following the Final Admission Date. an amount equal to the aggregate Commitments 
Investor 
A qualified prospective investor in the Fund 
IRS 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
Key Persons 
Charles Smith. Carlo Plato-Birch. Adam Graev and Chi Cheung (and their replacements). 
LIBOR 
London Interbank Offered Rate. 
Limited Partner 
A limited partner of the Fund 
LP 
An investor in an underlying fund. 
Manager 
Glendower.
Managing Partners 
Carlo Plato-Boob and Charles Smith 
Memorandum 
This confidential private placement memorandum, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time.
NAV 
As defined in Appendix 5. Important Performance Information.
Net IRR 
Net Internal Rate of Return 
OECD 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development 
Offshore Fund Rules 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore Funds (Tax) 
Regulations 2009. 
As defined in Section 9- Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Operating 
Partnerships 
Parallel Fund 
Partners 
Partnership Audit 
Rules 
A parallel fund established by the General Partner or the Manager to accommodate the 
investment requirements of certain investors 
The Limited Partners together with the General Partner. 
As defined in Section 9 Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
105 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039367 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185551 
EFTA01354769

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354770.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund fV, LP 
PFICs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Push-Out Election 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
QEF 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
RVPI 
Residual value to paid-in capital. 
Sanction Regulations 
Collectively UK sanctions. UN sanctions. EU sanctions. and/or U.S. sanctions administered 
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 
SEC 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Second GP 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP). LLP, an English limited liability partnership (but 
see Section 6: Summary of Terms end Corultions for the description of the limited role of the 
Second GP). 
Securities Act 
The U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Side Letter 
A side letter or other written agreement with one or more Limited Partners which has the 
effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example, reducing the General Partners 
Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or supplementing the 
terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Single Asset Deal 
A co-investment in an individual portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund 
sponsors. 
SOF 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund (comprising SOF A. SOF B and SOF C). 
SOF A 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF B 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF C 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C. L.P.. a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF D 
OB Secondary Opportunities Fund D. L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF II 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP, a Scottish limited partnership. 
SOF III 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP, an English limited partnership. 
SOF IV or the Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP. 
SOF Business 
Deutsche Asset Management's Secondaries Opportunities Fund investment program. 
SOF Funds or the SOF 
SOF. SOF O. SOF II and SOF Ill, collectively. 
Program 
SOF Team 
As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
Special Limited 
Partner 
An affiliate of the Manager that shall receive Carried Interest. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
106 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039368 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185552 
EFTA01354770

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354771.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N, LP 
Subsequent Closing 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund at a Closing subsequent to the First Closing. 
Partner 
Team Investment 
The investment in the Fund by certain individuals that are partners or employees of the 
Manager and Glendower U.S. 
Total Value 
Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date. 
TVPI or Net Multiple 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
U.S. 
The United States of America. 
U.S. Adviser 
Glendower Capital (U.S.). LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
U.S. IGA 
The Model 1 intergovernmental agreement entered into between the UK and the U.S. 
UBTI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
UK 
The United Kingdom. 
UK AIFM Regulation 
The Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013 (2013 No. 1773). 
UK FATCA Legislation 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
USRPHCs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ER/SA and Tax Considerations. 
UTR 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ESA and Tax Considerations. 
Valuation Committee 
The valuation committee established by the Manager. 
wlthholdabie 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERJSA and Tax Considerations. 
payments 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
107 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039369 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185553 
EFTA01354771

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354772.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital (*DPI"): Represents aggregate distributions to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. 
Gross fund data (gross TVPI. etc.): Gross performance data reflects amounts net of the underlying investments' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses but before the SOF Funds carried interest, management fees and other 
expenses 
Gross multiple Represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by the SOF Funds. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return ('Gross IRR"): calculated as a gross return at the SOF Funds level net of the underlying 
investments' carried interest, management fees and other expenses and is based on the actual timing of cash inflows 
(regardless of whether drawdowns of limited partners were made at a later date as a result of the subscription-line 
financing) and outflows for the SOF Funds' investments and the value of the remaining investments as of the most recent 
reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value (positive or negative) of foreign currency option contracts. 
Net Asset Value r NAV'): Equals total assets minus total liabilities as of June 30, 2017 (unless provided otherwise). In 
determining the SOF Funds' NAV, the Manager values the SOF Funds' investments in good faith based on the 
reasonable judgment of the Manager taking into account available information it considers relevant, including information 
provided by the fund managers and general partners of the underlying kinds. Because of the inherent uncertainty of the 
valuation, the estimated valuation may differ significantly and materially from the value that would have been used had a 
ready market existed or had the investment been liquidated. The long-term value of the investments may be lesser or 
greater than the valuation provided. The value includes unrealized appreciation, which may or may not be realized. 
Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.): 
Net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried interest. 
management fees and other expenses. 
Net Internal Rate of Return ('Net IRK): calculated as a net return and is based on the actual dates of the cash inflows 
(capital contributions), outflows (cash and in specie distributions) and the value of the remaining investments as of the 
most recent reported date (June 30, 2O17), including the fair value (positive or negative) of foreign currency option 
contracts and is calculated after the SOF Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses. 
Residual Value to Paid-In Capital (RVPI-): Represents the value of the SOF Funds investors interest held within the 
SOF Funds relative to aggregate capital contnbutions to the SOF Funds, net of the SOF Funds' carried interest. 
management fees and other expenses. 
Total Value: Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date, 
Total Value to Paid-In Capital ("1VPIT TVPI = DPI « RVPI 
Effects of Leverage on Gross and Net IRR: Calculations of net and gross IRRs in respect of investment and 
performance data included and/or referred to in this Memorandum are based on the payment date of capital contributions 
or advances received from limited partners. even in instances where a fund or account utilizes borrowings under a 
subscription line facility. The use of a subscription-based credit facility (or other fund-level leverage) with respect to 
investments will result in a higher reported Gross IRR and Net IRR at the fund-level than if such subscription line facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) had not been used and instead the investors' capital had been contributed at the inception 
of each such investment. This is due to the fact that calculations of Gross IRR and Net IRR are based on the period of 
time between (a) the date of limited partner contributions for a relevant investment (and not the date the investment was 
made) and (b) the date of distribution from the applicable fund or account to investors Therefore. if a subscription line 
facility is used to fund an investment, capital may be called more slowly from the limited partners to repay such 
borrowings. which would shorten the time between such contribution and distribution and consequently increase 
Gross IRR and Net IRR. 
Benchmark Analysis. My benchmarking analysis or other comparison herein of the performance of the SOF Funds 
against the performance of other investment funds pursuing direct or indirect private equity strategies (each, an "Other 
PE Fund") is qualified as follows: (i) each such Other PE Fund may employ different investment objectives or investment 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
108 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039370 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185554 
EFTA01354772

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354773.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0LIS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
criteria than the SOF Funds: (ii) the performance information respect of each Other PE Fund is based solely on 
information available from third party sources which may not be complete or accurate; (iii) use of leverage or other 
factors may mean that the performance information herein in respect of the SOF Funds and the Other PE Funds may not 
be directly comparable; and (iv) the Other PE Funds selected herein may not necessarily to represent an appropriate 
comparison against the performance of the SOF Funds. 
General 
The performance information provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) 
Limited (DAAM(G)L') and provided to the Manager and relates to the SOF Funds and the related individual underlying 
transactions, in respect of which the Manager's investment team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers 
and/or investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. The Manager takes responsibility for its use 
of this performance information and its compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidelines, including. 
but not limited to. the Advisers Act, and in particular, Rule 204.2 thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for 
the use of such performance information by the Manager. 
The investment performance included herein is intended solely to provide recipients with information about the 
investment and operational experience of the SOF Team. Certain of the SOF Team were principally responsible for the 
investments included in such investment performance. Such investment performance information relates to investments 
made by the SOF Team while a part of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating the investment track record, recipients should note 
that the SOF Team does not include all of the investment and operations professionals that were part of Deutsche Bank. 
Except where noted. the performance information contained in this Memorandum is a combination of both actual realized 
proceeds as well as projected proceeds based on the Manager's business plans as of the date indicated. The 
information is presented for information purposes only, and is not representative of the actual returns received by an 
investor in the SOF Funds. 
The NAV and performance results provided for the SOF Funds are based on the financial information reported as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) by the GPs/managers of the underlying fund investments and are adjusted for 
contributions, distributions, and subsequent events to the extent that they have, in the opinion of the Manager, an impact 
on the fair value of the underlying fund investment. The valuations of public stocks in the portfolio have been adjusted to 
their June 30. 2017 (unless otherwise provided) trading price. 
Except where designated as -net.' the projected returns and financial information contained herein are based on the 
projected gross cash flows of the SOF Funds or the relevant deal/portfolio. Gross cash flows do not take into account 
deductions for Fund-level expenses, management and other fees, incentive distributions, or other potential expenses 
such as currency exchange costs or losses. All of these may be a significant reduction against the gross returns. 
The projected cash flows and other return and financial information in this Memorandum are based, in part, on the 
Manager's business plans as of the date indicated and take into account such factors as the Manager deems relevant as 
of the date indicated. However, changes in a number of factors, including (without limitation) global and local economic 
conditions, the financial markets crisis and interest rates may cause the actual results to vary, perhaps significantly, from 
those projected. Further, events assumed to occur may not occur, and other events may occur which were not assumed 
to occur or otherwise taken into account in preparing the data contained herein. Such events could materially and 
adversely affect the analysis. 
Moreover, the performance information set out in this Memorandum speaks only as of the date indicated; it was not 
revised to take account of events which have occurred subsequent to the date indicated and is subject to change. 
Accordingly, it may not be representative of values or the amount that may ultimately be received with respect of an 
investment. No assurance can be given as to the actual events that may occur or the appropriate assumptions to be 
applied. Information herein includes or is based upon certain Yorward-looking statements.' These forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to. the plans, projections, objectives, expectations and intentions of the SOF 
Funds and the Manager and other statements contained herein that are not historical facts. These statements are based 
on current beliefs or expectations and are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and changes in circumstances, 
many of which are beyond the control of the SOF Funds and the Manager. Actual results may differ materially and 
adversely from these expectations due to changes in, among other things. global. political, economic, business. 
competitive, market and regulatory factors. 
Past performance is not indicative of future results and there can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
109 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039371 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185555 
EFTA01354773

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354774.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
achieve comparable returns to those contained in this Memorandum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
110 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039372 
SDNY_GM_00185556 
EFTA01354774

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354775.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 6 Directory 
Fund 
Glendower Capital 
Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV. LP 
Special 
Debevoise & Phm ton LLP 
Auditors to the 
Any of 
Counsel to the 
General Partner 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
General 
London. EC2V 7NO 
LLP, Deloitte Touche 
Partner and 
Tohmatsn KPMG or 
the Manager 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services 
Fund Administrator Gen II Fund Services LLC 
(UK) Limited 
Global 
Credit Suisse Asset 
Regional Placement 
Raymond James & 
Placement 
Management Limited 
Agents 
Associates, Inc. 
Agent 
Raymond James Financial 
Services, Inc. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
111 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039373 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165557 
EFTA01354775

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354776.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
It is currently proposed that the following individuals will comprise the board of directors of the General Partner: 
Alan Turner. Alan is an attorney at law who has practiced in the Cayman Islands since 1988. Alan is a partner of 
Turners and a former partner of Walkers. Nan is also a director of Circumference FS (Cayman) Ltd. (tIrcumference"), 
an independent fiduciary services business in the Cayman Islands. Alan acts as a director of a number of companies 
involved in complex structures including hedge funds. private equity funds, general partners of limited partnerships. 
companies involved in structured finance and asset finance transactions and various holding companies. 
Andrew Johnson. Andrew is a director of Circumference. Andrew has over twenty years of experience in the offshore 
financial services industry, specializing in investment funds, securitizations, structured finance, captive insurance 
management and financial planning strategies for special purpose vehicles. He holds a bachelor's degree in Accounting 
from Fronde State University and received his Certified Public Accountant certificate in the state of Georgia. Andrew is 
also a Chartered Global Management Accountant. Andrew is a member and past president of the Cayman Islands 
Institute of Professional Accountants. He serves as Chairman of the board of the YMCA of the Cayman Islands and 
previously served on the board of Cayman Finance. Finally, he is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants. 
KIrsten Le Pape. Kirsten graduated with an accounting degree from Averett University, Virginia, in 1991. Kirsten 
worked with a major hotel corporation at a high management level before she joined Circumference in 2007. where she 
is now Senior Vice President. Kirsten acts as a director on a number of companies involved in complex structures 
including hedge funds, private equity funds, general partners of limited partnerships and various other entities. 
Vanessa Barrett. Vanessa is an experienced fund director having worked in the hedge fund industry for more than 18 
years across a number of key jurisdictions, including Bermuda, Ireland. the UK and USA. She has extensive experience 
in working with a wide range of hedge funds, fund of funds and private equity funds and has advised investment 
managers on Cayman fund launches and appropriate structures. She has broad knowledge of hedge fund operations, 
fund governance, compliance, fund risk analysis and product development and has managed projects for major fund 
management clients, including U.S., European and Asian firms. Prior to becoming an independent fund director in the 
Cayman Islands, Vanessa was Head of Business Development and Client Relations for Alternative Fund Services at 
UBS Global Asset Management in London where she was responsible for the strategic development and growth of Fund 
Services. She also worked for UBS Fund Services in the Cayman Islands. Vanessa began her career with Ernst & Young 
in financial services audit in Bermuda and San Francisco. Vanessa graduated with a Bachelor of Commerce (Hons.). 
from University College Cork (Ireland) and is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
112 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039374 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185558 
EFTA01354776

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354777.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS126 Gerald Ford 
Gland:mar Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N, LP 
For additional information, please contact: 
United States 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: 
Global Placement Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Anent 
Email: 
Europe. MENA And Asia Pacific 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8D2 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo PirzicoBiroli 
Email: 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
113 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039375 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185559 
EFTA01354777

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354778.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039376 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185560 
EFTA01354778

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354779.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS126 Gerald Ford 
Disclosure Statement 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the "Solicitation Agent"), Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC ("Glendower") and iCapital Advisors, LLC ("iCapital") have entered into an 
agreement pursuant to which the Solicitation Agent has agreed to consider the Solicitation Agent's clients 
and prospective clients for whom an investment in Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
L.P. (the "Onshore Fund') and Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
-Offshore Fund" and together with the Onshore Fund, the "Access Funds" and each an "Access Fund") 
may be suitable and to use reasonable efforts to solicit such persons for potential subscription of interests 
in the Access Funds (the "Interests"). The Solicitation Agent is not affiliated with the Access Funds, 
iCapital or Glendower. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to 
them in the private placement memoranda of the Access Funds. 
As compensation for these activities, the Solicitation Agent will receive from clients (each such 
client that subscribes for Interests, a "DB Introduced Person") investing in the Access Fund a one-time 
"Placement Fee" in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of the aggregate Subscription 
of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund. Any Placement Fee paid by a DB Introduced Person 
to the Solicitation Agent will not be considered a capital contribution to the Access Fund. The 
Solicitation Agent in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all or any portion of the DB 
Placement Fee payable by any particular DB Introduced Person. The Placement Fee rates applicable at 
each level of investment am as follows: 
Subscription in US$ 
Placement Fee Rate 
from $5,000,000 or 
1.00% 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
1.50% 
$4,999,999 
less than $3,000,000 
2.00% 
The Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart from the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the relevant DB Introduced 
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund. The specific Placement Fee paid by a DB Introduced Person 
will be disclosed in such person's Access Fund subscription agreement. 
Further, and in addition to the Placement Fee payable by clients, the Solicitation Agent will receive 
from iCapital a -Servicing Fee" payable quarterly in advance and will be calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
during the "investment period" of the Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund 
IV, LP (the "Underlying Fund"), the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person 
will be equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
(ii.) 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039377 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185561 
EFTA01354779

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354780.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
(iii.) 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of any 
management fees collected by the Access Fund or the investment manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable 
share of invested capital. 
In addition, pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between the Solicitation Agent 
and one or more of the Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, LLC, the Solicitation 
Agent will also act as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will refer and/or introduce certain of 
its clients to the Underlying Fund. In consideration for such services, the Glendower GP or an affiliate 
shall pay the Solicitation Agent a placement fec equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's 
aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund attributable to the subscriptions of each DB 
Introduced Person. 
Other than the foregoing fees, no additional fees or other amounts will be charged to investors by 
the Solicitation Agent or the Access Funds as a result of the Solicitation Agent's involvement. Investors 
in an Access Fund that are referred by the Solicitation Agent will not pay increased management fees or 
other similar compensation to the Solicitation Agent, iCapital or the Access Funds as a result of the 
referral. 
Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described above, the Solicitation Agent 
may benefit financially from referring clients to an Access Fund rather than to other competitive funds or 
other products that may also be appropriate for particular clients. As a result, the Solicitation Agent's 
receipt of such payments from the iCapital creates a potential conflict of interest in the form of an 
additional financial incentive to the Solicitation Agent, its equity owners and investment representatives 
to refer clients to an Access Fund. In addition, the Solicitation Agent or its affiliates may earn 
compensation from an Access Fund, iCapital or their affiliates through arrangements that may or may not 
directly involve the Solicitation Agent, such as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or 
research. Employees of the Solicitation Agent or its affiliates, including their investment representatives 
who may offer Interests to clients, may now or in the future own Interests. 
Acknowledgement of Receipt 
The undersigned acknowledges that it has reviewed and understands the information presented in 
this Disclosure Statement. 
Signature 
Name (print or t> pc) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039378 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185582 
EFTA01354780

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354781.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Date 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039379 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185563 
EFTA01354781

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354782.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US125 Gerald Ford 
EXECUTION VERSION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039380 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185564 
EFTA01354782

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354783.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi2S Gerald Ford 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INVESTORS 
If you arc interested in purchasing a limited partner interest (an "interest") in Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Partnership"), please complete all applicable signature pages 
and exhibits of the Subscription Agreement as indicated below. in addition, please submit the relevant 
Customer identification Documents listed below. 
Please direct any questions regarding this Subscription Agreement and/or the Partnership to your 
advisor. 
Following is a checklist for completing the Subscription Agreement and subscribing for an Interest 
in the Partnership. 
• 
Subscription Agreement 
Each investor is required to complete all sections of this 
Subscription Agreement, including all relevant exhibits. 
• Investors that are individuals are required to complete the following sections of this 
Subscription Agreement: Limited Partner Signature Page and Exhibit B. 
• Investors that are entities are required to complete the following sections of this 
Subscription Agreement: Limited Partner Signature Page; Exhibit C; Exhibit D; 
and Exhibit £ 
• Initial Capital Contribution. Each Investor may be required to make a capital contribution 
to the Partnership on the date it is admitted to the Partnership. The General Partner will 
provide written notice of the exact size and timing of the initial capital contribution if 
necessary in advance of the initial closing of the Partnership. 
• 
Client Identification Documents. Each Investor is required to provide the following 
documents to the General Partner. The identifying documents can be uploaded via the 
secure functionality built into your www.icapitalnetwork.com account 
• 
Natural Persons: 
• 
A complete IRS Form W-9. 
• 
Entities: 
• 
A complete IRS Form W-9. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039381 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185565 
EFTA01354783

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354784.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI26 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
d 
lendow r Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
New York, NY 10165 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
Reference is made to (i) the Private Placement Memorandum, dated January, 2018 (such Private 
Placement Memorandum, together with any supplements and appendices thereto delivered to the 
undersigned being herein called the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Partnership"); (ii) the Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (such limited partnership agreement, together with any amendments or supplements 
thereto, being herein called the "Partnership Agreement") of the Partnership, in each case as furnished to 
the undersigned with respect to the offering of limited partnership interests in the Partnership; and (iii) this 
Limited Partner Subscription Agreement (this -Agreement"), by and among Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the sole general partner of the 
Partnership (the "General Partner"), for and on behalf of the Partnership, and the undersigned subscribing 
investor (the "Investor"). The Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement are incorporated by reference 
in the Agreement. The Memorandum, the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Offering Materials". Capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein shall have 
the respective meanings given to them in the Partnership Agreement. 
The Partnership's sole objective is to invest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund 
IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (the "Underlying Fund"). By executing this Agreement 
and authorizing execution of the Partnership Agreement on your behalf, the undersigned Investor (and 
personal representative on behalf of such Investor) (a) agrees to be, and upon acceptance of this Agreement 
by the Partnership shall bc, bound as a limited partner of the Partnership (a "Limited Partner") by the terms, 
provisions and requirements applicable to Limited Partners as set forth herein and in the Memorandum 
(including the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund (the "Underlying Fund 
PPM")) and the Partnership Agreement, and (b) acknowledges that it has read and understands the terms, 
provisions and requirements set forth herein and therein that are applicable to Limited Partners, the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager and the Partnership, as the case may be. The Investor hereby subscribes 
and agrees as follows: 
1. 
Subscription for a Limited Partnership Interest. 
(a) 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Memorandum 
and in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor agrees to the following: (i) to purchase from the Partnership 
a limited partnership interest (the "Interest") in the Partnership in the amount set forth on the signature page 
below at a purchase price equal to 100% of such Interest (except to the extent that an Interest in a lesser 
amount has been accepted by the General Partner pursuant to Section 9), payable in the manner and at the 
times as set forth in the Partnership Agreement; (ii) that the minimum subscription is $250,000; (iii) to 
become a party to and be bound by the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) to become a Limited Partner. 
(b) 
The Investor understands that to help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient 
amount of the Limited Partners' subscriptions are available to pay expenses of the Partnership, the General 
PROPRIETARY AND CON f7DENT1AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039382 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185588 
EFTA01354784

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354785.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
Partner may, in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' subscriptions 
to the Partnership for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the General Partner is not required 
to set aside any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Partnership (i.e., commits an amount to the 
Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the Partnership. is greater than the total amount of 
the Limited Partners' subscriptions to the Partnership), the General Partner may need to fund Partnership 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the distributions received from the 
Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. 
2. 
Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor hereby represents, 
warrants and covenants to. and agrees with, the Partnership and the General Partner, as of the date hereof. 
and through and including each date that all or any portion of the Interest requested pursuant to this 
Agreement is accepted in whole or in part by the General Partner as follows: 
(a) 
Suitability. THE INVESTOR HAS BEEN FURNISHED WITH, AND HAS 
READ CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTANDS THE OFFERING MATERIALS AND THE 
UNDERLYING FUND PPM, AND HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO REQUEST AND REVIEW 
THE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF THE UNDERLYING FUND (THE "UNDERLYING 
FUND LPA"), AND THE INVESTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THESE OFFERING 
MATERIALS (INCLUDING THE UNDERLYING FUND PPM AND UNDERLYING FUND LPA) 
SUPERSEDE ANY OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS PREVIOUSLY MADE AVAILABLE TO 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS. 
OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE 
MEMORANDUM AND THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, THE INVESTOR IS NOT RELYING 
UPON ANY INFORMATION, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY BY THE PARTNERSHIP. THE 
INVESTOR HAS CONSULTED ITS OWN ATTORNEY, ACCOUNTANT, TAX ADVISER AND/OR 
INVESTMENT ADVISER AS TO THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING, REGULATORY 
AND RELATED MATTERS WITH RESPECT TO THE INVESTMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY 
AND ON THAT BASIS UNDERSTANDS THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING. 
REGULATORY AND RELATED CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS 
AND BELIEVES THAT AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS IS SUITABLE AND APPROPRIATE 
FOR THE INVESTOR. 
ANY SPECIFIC ACKNOWLEDGMENT SET FORTH BELOW WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY STATEMENT CONTAINED IN THE OFFERING MATERIALS SHALL NOT BE 
DEEMED TO LIMIT THE GENERALITY OF THIS REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY. 
(b) 
Qpportunity to Verify Information. 
The Investor acknowledges that 
representatives of the Partnership have made available to the Investor, during the course of this transaction 
and prior to the purchase of the Interest, the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from them 
concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Interests described in the Offering Materials, to 
perform its own independent investigation of the current and proposed activities of the Partnership, and to 
obtain any additional information necessary to verify the information contained in the Offering Materials, 
or otherwise relative to the proposed activities of the Partnership or to otherwise evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in the Partnership. The Investor acknowledges that all such questions. if asked, have 
been answered satisfactorily and all such documents, if examined, have been found to be fully satisfactory. 
(e) 
Purchase for Investment; Restrictions on Transfer. The Investor understands 
and agrees: (i) that the Investor must bear the economic risk of its investment until the final liquidation and 
termination of the Partnership; (ii) that the Interest has not been, and will not be, registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or under the applicable securities laws of 
any other jurisdiction, and therefore, cannot be resold or otherwise disposed of unless it is subsequently 
registered under the Securities Act or such other securities laws, unless an exemption from such registration 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039383 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185567 
EFTA01354785

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354786.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
is available; (iii) that the Interest has not been registered under the laws of any jurisdiction outside of the 
United States and that the Investor is responsible for complying with any such laws, which may impose 
restrictions on the sale of the Interest by the Investor in any such jurisdiction; (iv) that the Investor is 
purchasing the Interest for its own account and not for the account of any other person, for investment only 
and not with a view to, or with any intention of, a distribution or resale thereof, in whole or in part, or the 
grant of any participation therein; (v) that the Investor shall not resell or otherwise dispose of all or any part 
of the Interest purchased by the Investor, except as pennitted by law, including, without limitation, any 
regulations under the Securities Act or other applicable securities laws, and any and all applicable 
provisions of the Partnership Agreement; (vi) that any disposition of the Interests may result in unfavorable 
tax consequences to the Investor; (vii) that the Transfer of the Interest by the Investor and the admission 
and substitution of another Limited Partner for the Investor are restricted by the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement and Securities Act and any fees and expenses incurred in connection with any Transfer in 
accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement will be the sole responsibility of the Investor; (viii) 
that there are risks of loss of investment incident to the purchase of Interests; (ix) that Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act is unlikely to be available as a basis for exemption from registration of the Interest in 
connection with the sale, Transfer or other disposition of all or a portion of the Interest; (x) the Investor has 
no right to require the registration of the Interest under the Securities Act or state securities laws or other 
applicable securities regulations; and (xi) no Transfer of Interest by the Investor will be permitted if it would 
result in 25% or more of any outstanding Interests being held by 'benefit plan investors" within the meaning 
of and calculated in accordance with, Section 3(42) of ERISA. The Investor understands that there is no 
public or other market for the Interest, and it is not anticipated that such a market will ever develop. The 
Investor further understands that for the foregoing reasons, the Investor will be required to retain ownership 
of the Interest and bear the economic risk of this investment for an indefinite period of time, including a 
complete loss of capital. Further, the Investor acknowledges that the Partnership Agreement does not 
generally permit the sale or other Transfer (including by will or the laws of descent and dissolution) of the 
Interest unless the General Partner consents thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the 
Investor agrees that, without prior written consent of the General Partner, it has not entered and will not 
enter into: (A) a swap, structured note or other derivative instrument with a third party, the return from 
which is based in whole or in part on the return of the Partnership; or (B) a variable annuity or insurance 
policy with a third party, the value of which is based in whole or in part on the return of the Partnership. 
The Investor understands that the Interest will not be evidenced by a certificate subject to Article 8 of the 
Uniform Commercial Code. 
(d) 
Accredited Investor and U.S. Person Status. The Investor (i) represents and 
warrants that the Investor (A) is an "accredited investor" as such term is defined in Rule 50I(a) of 
Regulation D under the Securities Act (an "Accredited Investor") and hereby makes the representations and 
warranties contained in Exhibit B and Exhibit C. as applicable and (B) is a U.S. Tax Person) and (ii) agrees 
to immediately notify the Partnership if any of the foregoing representations ceases to remain true and 
understands that, if it appears to the management of the Partnership that any of the foregoing representations 
are incorrect with respect to the Investor, the Partnership may, among other remedies, require the Investor 
to withdraw from the Partnership and to be admitted as a limited partner of a parallel investment entity or 
subject the Investor's Interest to compulsory repurchase or transfer with no further distributions with respect 
to such repurchased or transferred Interest. 
A "U.S. Tax Person" is a beneficial owner of an Interest that is a citizen or resident of the United States. a U.S. domestic corporation or 
othen‘ise subject to U.S. federal income taxon a net income basis with resped to its Interest. In determining beneficial ownership. an Interest 
held by (0 a partnership or entity treated as partnership few U.S. federal income tax purposes or (ii) a "passive foreign investment company" 
within the nwaning of section 1297 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as amended. (a "PFIC') will be considered beneficially owned by 
its partners or equityboiders. as the case may be. An interest held by any oorporation other than a PFIC will be treated as held by a shareholder 
beneficially owning 50 percent or more of the stock of such corporation, measured by value. In addition. a holder of an option to acquire an 
Interest will be Waled as the beneficial owner of the taida4ing Interest. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEAMAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039384 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185588 
EFTA01354786

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354787.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Representations; Qualified Purchaser Status. The 
Investor acknowledges that (i) the Partnership is not being registered as an -investment company" as the 
term - investment company" is defined in Section 3(a) of the United States Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the - Investment Company Act"); (ii) the General Partner does not have any intention 
of registering the Partnership as an "investment company" under the Investment Company Act or of 
registering the Interest under the Securities Act or of supplying the information that may be necessary to 
enable the Investor to sell, Transfer or otherwise dispose of the Interest; and (iii) the Investor will not be 
afforded the protections provided to investors in registered investment companies under the Investment 
Company Act. The Investor represents and warrants that the Investor is a "qualified purchaser-  as that term 
is defined under the Investment Company Act. In furtherance thereof, the Investor hereby makes the 
representations and warranties contained in the exhibits, as applicable. The Investor further represents that 
(A) the governing documents of the Investor require that each beneficial owner of the Investor including, 
but not limited to, shareholders, partners and beneficiaries, participate through his, her or its interest in the 
Investor in all of the Investor's investments and that the profits and losses from each such investment are 
shared among such beneficial owners in the same proportions as all other investments of the Investor, (B) 
no such beneficial owner may vary his, her or its share of the profits and losses or the amount of his, her or 
its contribution for any investment made by the Investor, and (C) the Investor has made investments prior 
to the date hereof or intends to make investments in the near future and each beneficial owner of interests 
in the Investor has shared and will share in the same proportion in each such investment (e.g., no beneficial 
owner of the Investor may vary its interests in different investments made by or on behalf of the Investor). 
(f) 
Conflicts of Interest. The Investor is aware of and understands each of the risk 
factors, including all applicable conflicts of interest set forth in the Memorandum (including the additional 
conflict and risk disclosure set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM attached thereto). The Investor 
understands that the discussion of such conflicts and risks is not exhaustive and confirms that it has 
consulted with its advisors as it has deemed necessary or appropriate. The Investor hereby consents to all 
such actual and potential conflicts of interest and waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claims 
with respect to any liability arising from the existence of any conflicts of interest among the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and their respective affiliates. 
(g) 
Additional Risk Factors. The Investor is aware and acknowledges that: (i) the 
Partnership has only recently been formed and the Partnership and the Underlying Fund (as defined below) 
have little or no financial or operating history; (ii) the Investment Manager or another person or entity 
selected by the General Partner (which may be a partner or Affiliate of the General Partner) will receive 
compensation in connection with the management of the Partnership; (iii) the Investor is not entitled to 
cancel, terminate or revoke its subscription in the Partnership nor any of the powers and authority conferred 
herein and in the Partnership Agreement to the Partnership and/or the General Partner, (iv) investment 
returns, if any, described in the Memorandum or in any supplemental letters or materials thereto are not 
necessarily comparable to the returns, if any, which may be achieved on investments made by the 
Partnership; (v) no United States federal, state or local or non-United States agency, governmental authority 
or other person has passed upon the Interests or the equity interests of the Underlying Fund or made any 
finding or determination as to the fairness of this investment or the Partnership's investment in the 
Underlying Fund; (vi) the Interests will be subject to certain restrictions on transferability as described in 
the Partnership Agreement, and no transfer or assignment of any Interests or any part of any Interest may 
occur if such transfer or assignment would cause any beneficial interest in the Partnership to be held by a 
person that is not both a "qualified purchase?' and a "qualified client" under the Investment Company Act 
or an "accredited investor" under the Securities Act (vii) the Investor will have no right to withdraw from 
the Partnership except as specifically provided in the Agreement; (viii) as a result of the foregoing, the 
marketability of the Interests will be severely limited; and (ix) that substantially all of the Partnership's 
investment assets will be its investment in the Underlying Fund. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039385 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185569 
EFTA01354787

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354788.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
(h) 
Full Contribution. The Investor understands that, except as otherwise provided 
in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor may not make less than the full amount of any required capital 
contribution in respect of such Investor's Interest, unless this Agreement is for any reason rejected or this 
offering is for any reason canceled, and that default provisions with respect thereto, pursuant to which the 
Investor may suffer substantial adverse consequences (including, but not limited to, the loss of all or a 
material portion of its investment in the Partnership). are contained in the Partnership Agreement. 
(i) 
Exhibits. The Investor has carefully reviewed and/or completed the exhibits 
attached hereto to the extent applicable to the Investor and makes each of the representations set forth 
therein and such representations ate true and correct in all respects. 
(1) 
No Need for Liquidity. The Investor has no need for liquidity in connection with 
its purchase of the Interest. and is able to bear the risk of loss of its entire investment in the Interest. 
(k) 
Investment Objectives and Advice. The purchase of the Interest by the Investor 
is consistent with the general investment objectives of the Investor. The aggregate amount of the 
investments of the Investor in, and its commitments to. all similar in% esunents that are illiquid is reasonable 
in relation to the Investor's net worth. The Investor hereby acknowledges that it has not relied on the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager or any of their respective partners or Affiliates for investment 
advice with respect to an investment in the Partnership. 
(1) 
Securities Laws. The Investor received the Offering Materials and first learned 
of the Partnership in the country, territory, state or other jurisdiction identified in the address of the Investor 
set forth on the Investor's signature page hereto, and intends that the securities laws of that country, 
territory, state or other jurisdiction alone shall govern the offer and sale of the Interest to the Investor. If 
the Investor is not a resident of the United States, the Investor understands that it is the responsibility of the 
Investor to satisfy itself as to full observance of the laws of any relevant country, territory, state or 
jurisdiction outside of the United States in connection with the offer and sale of the Interest, including 
obtaining any required governmental or other consent and observing any other applicable legal, regulatory 
or other similar formalities. The Investor understands that no governmental agency or authority has passed 
upon or will pass upon the offer or sale of the Interest or has made or will make any finding or determination 
as to the fairness of this investment. 
(m) 
Commodity Exchange Act. (i) The Investor understands that (i) the General 
Partner is exempt from registration with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
("CFTC") as a commodity pool operator ("CPO") with respect to the Partnership pursuant to 
CFTC Rule 4.13(aX3) and, as a result of the General Partner's reliance on the CFTC Rule 
4.13(aX3) exemption from registration as a CPO, the General Partner is not required to deliver a 
CFTC disclosure document to prospective investors, nor is it required to provide Investors with 
certified annual reports that satisfy the requirements of CFTC rules applicable to registered CPOs; 
and (ii) the General Partner and Investment Manager are exempt pursuant to, respectively, CFTC 
Rule 4.14(aX5) and CFTC Rule 4.14(aX8) from registration with the CFTC as a commodity 
trading advisor ("CTA") with respect to the advice that each provides to the Partnership, and as 
such neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager are required to satisfy certain 
disclosure and other requirements under CFTC rules. 
(n) 
Certain Re(ialaion NIalters. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039386 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185570 
EFTA01354788

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354789.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
(I) 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company or other 
entity, organization or association, it has not been formed or used to circumvent 
the provisions of Section 12(g) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the Interest held by the Investor will be held 
of record by one person within the meaning of the Exchange Act Rule 12g5-1. 
(2) 
If the Investor is a trust or other entity, it will provide any additional documents or 
information that the Partnership or General Partner may reasonably request 
regarding its beneficial ownership. 
The Investor (if an entity) was not formed or recapitalized and is not being utilized 
primarily for the purpose of making an investment in the Partnership, or has 
notified the General Partner in writing that it was formed or recapitalized and is 
being used for the purpose of making such investment.. 
(4) 
As of the date hereof, the Investors has not been subject to any event specified in 
Rule 506(d)(I) of the Securities Act or any proceeding or event that could result 
in any such disqualifying event ("Disqualifying Event") that would either require 
disclosure under the provisions of Rule 506(e) of the Securities Act or result in 
disqualification under Rule 506(d)(1) of the Partnership's use of the Rule 506 
exemption. The Investor will immediately notify the General Partner in writing 
if the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at any date after the date 
hereof. In the event that the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at 
any date after the date hereof, the Investor agrees and covenants to use its best 
efforts to coordinate with the General Partner (i) to provide documentation as 
reasonably requested by the General Partner related to any such Disqualifying 
Event and (ii) to implement a remedy to address the Investor's changed 
circumstances such that the changed circumstances will not affect in any way the 
Partnership's. the Underlying Fund's or their respective affiliates' ongoing and/or 
future reliance on the Rule 506 exemption under the Securities Act. 
(3) 
(o) 
Power and Authority; No Conflicts. If the Investor is a corporation, trust, 
partnership, limited liability company or other entity, organization or association: (i) it is duly organized or 
formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization or formation; 
(ii) it has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement; (iii) the person signing this Agreement on behalf of the Investor has been duly authorized to 
execute this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) such execution, delivery and performance 
by the Investor of such agreements do not violate, or conflict with, the terms of any agreement or instrument 
to which the Investor is a party or by which it is bound. If the Investor is an individual, the Investor has all 
requisite legal capacity to acquire and hold the Interest and to execute and deliver this Agreement and the 
Partnership Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(p) 
Due Execution; Binding Agreement. This Agreement, the Partnership 
Agreement and the power of attorney granted hereby. have been duly executed by the Investor and, when 
the Investor is admitted as a Limited Partner, will constitute, valid and legally binding agreements of the 
For the purposes of this paragraph, references to the "Investor" shall include any person or entity ("Person") 
whose interest in. or relationship to, the Investor is deemed to make such Person or entity a beneficial owner of 
the Partnership's voting securities under Exchange Act Rule 13d-3 and within the meaning of Rule 506(d). Under 
Rule 13d-3. a Person is a beneficial owner of a security if. for among other reasons, such Person directly or 
indirectly has or shares (a) the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security and/or (b) the power to dispose 
of or direct the disposition of such security. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039387 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185571 
EFTA01354789

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354790.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354790.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Investor enforceable against the Investor in accordance with their respective terms. The Investor 
acknowledges that this Agreement, the Partnership Agreement and the power of attorney granted hereby 
shall survive (i) changes in the transaction, documents and instruments described in the Memorandum and 
the Partnership Agreement which in the aggregate arc not material to the Investor or which arc contemplated 
by, or made in accordance with, the Memorandum or the Partnership Agreement, as the case may be. and 
(ii) the death, disability, termination or winding up of the Investor. The Investor has obtained all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorizations of government authorities and other persons or entities required to 
be obtained in connection with its execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement 
and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(q) 
ICnowledee and Experience. The Investor currently has, and the Investor had 
immediately prior to receipt of any offer regarding the Partnership. such knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the 
Partnership. 
(r) 
No View to Tax Benefits. The Investor is not acquiring the Interest with a view 
to realizing any benefits under any tax law, including, but not limited to, United States federal income tax 
laws, and no representations have been made to the Investor that any such benefits will be available as a 
result of the Investor's acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Interest. The Investor is aware and 
acknowledges that any tax benefits which may be available to the Investor may be lost through the adoption 
of new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations or differing interpretations of existing 
laws and regulations, in certain circumstances with retroactive effect. 
(s) 
Publicly Traded Partnership. The following representations are included with 
the intention of enabling the Partnership to qualify for the benefit of a "safe harbor" under U.S. Treasury 
Regulations from treatment of the Partnership as an entity subject to corporate income tax. The Investor 
either: 
(1) 
is not a partnership. grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United States 
federal income tax purposes; or 
(2) 
is a partnership. grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United States federal 
income tax purposes, and (i) at no time during the term of the Partnership will 65% 
or more of the value of any beneficial owner's direct or indirect interest in the 
Investor be attributable to the Investor's interests in the Partnership, (ii) less than 
65% of the value of the Investor is attributable to the Investor's interests in the 
Partnership, and (iii) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner 
limitation set forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1Xii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations 
is not a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Investor or of any person 
authorized to act on the Investor's behalf, for using the tiered arrangement within 
the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section I.7704-1(h)(3Xii). 
(t) 
Status as Disregarded Entity. Unless the Investor has notified the General 
Partner in writing on or before the date hereof (which writing shall be acknowledged by the General Partner 
and shall constitute a representation of the Investor hereunder), the Investor is not disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-2(c)(2Xi) (a 
'Disregarded Entity"). If the Investor has notified the General Partner in writing that it is a Disregarded 
Entity, then the sole owner of the Investor for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the "Sole Owner") 
represents as follows: 
(1) 
the Sole Owner either. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039388 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185572 
EFTA01354790

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354791.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS12S Gerald Ford 
(A) 
is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes: or 
(B) 
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes, and (x) at no time during the term of 
the Partnership will 65% or more of the value of any beneficial owner's 
direct or indirect interest in the Sole Owner be attributable to the Sole 
Owner's interests in the Partnership, (y) less than 65% of the value of the 
Sole Owner is attributable to the Sole Owner's interests in the Partnership, 
and (z) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner limitation set 
forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations is not 
a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Sole Owner, or of any 
person authorized to act on the Sole Owner's behalf, for using the tiered 
arrangement within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.7704-1(h)(3Xii). 
(2) 
The Sole Owner will not transfer or otherwise dispose of or distribute any part of 
its economic or beneficial interest in (or any rights with respect to) the Investor or 
the Interest without complying with all of the applicable provisions of the 
Partnership Agreement as if the Sole Owner were a direct Limited Partner of the 
Partnership and were transferring a direct limited partnership interest in the 
Partnership. 
(u) 
No Borrowints. The Investor has not borrowed any portion of its contribution to 
the Partnership, either directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager or any Affiliate of the foregoing. 
(v) 
Partnership Counsel Does Not Represent the Investors. 
Thc Investor 
understands and acknowledges that Cleary• Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP ("Cleary Gottlieb") acts as U.S. 
counsel only for the Partnership. Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and, together with the Partnership and any other funds established in connection with the 
Partnership and the Feeder Fund, the "Access Funds"), the General Partner, the Investment Manager and 
certain of their respective Affiliates, and that Maples and Calder, Attorneys-at-Law, acts as Cayman Islands 
counsel only for the Access Funds, the Investment Manager and the General Partner, and no attorney-client 
relationship exists between either firm and any other person by reason of such person making an investment 
in the Partnership. Thc Investor understands and acknowledges that the Investor should consult its own 
legal and tax advisers in connection with the formation of the Partnership and the sale of the Interest. The 
Investor also understands that no independent counsel has been retained to represent the Limited Partners. 
The Investor acknowledges that neither Cleary Gottlieb nor Maples and Calder have independently verified 
any factual assertions made in the Memorandum and are not responsible for the Partnership's compliance 
with its investment program or applicable law. The Investor represents that it has not relied upon Cleary 
Gottlicb's or Maples and Calder's participation in the preparation of the Offering Materials or its 
representation of the parties named above in connection with its investment in the Partnership. 
(w) 
Privacy Notice. If the Investor is a natural person. it acknowledges receipt of the 
notice attached hereto as Exhibit F regarding the privacy of financial information under Regulation P, 12 
C.F.R. 1016 ("Regulation P"), adopted by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and agrees that the 
Interest is a financial product that the Investor has requested and authorized. In accordance with Section 
of Regulation P, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Partnership may disclose nonpublic 
personal information of the Investor to the other Limited Partners. as well as to the Partnership's 
accountants, attorneys and other service providers as necessary• to effect, administer and enforce the 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039389 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185573 
EFTA01354791

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354792.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUSi26 Gerald Ford 
Partnership and its partners' sights and obligations, or as otherwise may be required by applicable law, rule 
or regulation. 
(x) 
Nominees and Custodians. If the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian 
for another person or entity in connection with the purchase or holding of the Interest, the undersigned has 
so indicated on its signature page hereto. The representations and warranties contained in this Section 2 
regarding the "Investor" are true and accurate with regard to each person or entity for which the undersigned 
is acting as nominee or custodian. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the representations and 
warranties regarding the status of the Investor in the exhibits attached hereto are true with respect to, and 
accurately describe, each person or entity for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian. 
Each person or entity for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian will not Transfer or 
otherwise dispose of or distribute any part of its economic or beneficial interest in (or any other rights with 
respect to) the Interest without complying with all of the applicable provisions of the Partnership Agreement 
as if such person or entity were a direct Limited Partner of the Partnership and were transferring a direct 
limited partnership interest in the Partnership. If the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian for 
another person or entity, the undersigned agrees to provide such other information as the General Partner 
may reasonably request regarding the undersigned and the person or entity for which the undersigned is 
acting as nominee or custodian in order to detemline the eligibility of the Investor to purchase the Interest. 
(y) 
Final Form. The Investor understands and acknowledges that its purchase of an 
Interest in the Partnership shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement, in each case in the definitive form as shall be executed by the parties hereto and thereto, and as 
the same may be amended from time to lime in accordance with their respective terms. The Investor further 
understands and acknowledges that (i) the definitive form of the Partnership Agreement may have terms 
and conditions different from those disclosed originally in the Memorandum, and (ii) the actual realized 
returns on unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns indicated in the Memorandum and 
the appendices thereto. 
(z) 
No General Solicitation or General Advertisement. The Investor acknowledges 
that it is not purchasing an Interest as a result of or subsequent to (i) any advertisement, article, notice or 
other communications published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media (including any intemet site 
that is not password protected) or broadcast over television or radio, or (ii) any seminar or meeting whose 
attendees, including the Investor, had been invited as a result of, subsequent to or pursuant to the foregoing, 
but rather, that it is purchasing an Interest as a result of private negotiations in an arm's length transaction. 
(aa) 
Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering. The Investor hereby acknowledges that 
the Partnership and the Underlying Fund seek to comply with all applicable sanctions imposed under the 
laws, regulations or executive orders administered and enforced by the U.S. Treasury Department's Office 
of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Department of State or the U.S. Department of Commerce, 
or similar sanctions imposed by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, and Her 
Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom ("Sanctions"), and all other applicable laws conceming money 
laundering and related activities. In furtherance of those efforts, the Investor, on behalf of (i) itself, (ii) any 
person it controls or is controlled by (as defined below in this Section 2(aa)), (iii) if the Investor is a 
privately held entity, any person having a beneficial interest in the Investor, (iv) if the Investor will not be 
the sole beneficial owner of the Interest, any person having a beneficial interest in the Interest, (v) and any,
disclosed or undisclosed principal for which the Investor is acting as a nominee or other type of agent, 
certifies, based on appropriate diligence and investigation (the foregoing, "Investor-Related Parties"), that: 
(1) 
neither it, nor any Investor-Related Party or any other person or entity of whom it 
is acting on behalf, is: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039390 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185574 
EFTA01354792

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354793.pdf
----------------------------------------
nibuSi26 Gerald Fore 
(A) 
named on any prohibited lists maintained by the U.S. or UK government, 
including, but not limited to, the OFAC list of Specially Designated 
Nationals and Blocked Persons or other similar list of sanctioned persons, 
entities or jurisdiction designated by the General Partner from time to time; 
(ii) an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is 
organized under the laws of, a country or territory that is subject to 
Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory; or 
(iii) is otherwise a country, territory, entity or individual with whom 
dealings are restricted or prohibited by Sanctions (any such country, 
territory, entity or individual described in this paragraph (A), a 
"Sanctioned Party"); 
(B) 
a country, territory or entity that (i) has been designated as non-
cooperative with international anti-money laundering principles or 
procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the 
Financial Action Task Force ("FATF"), of which the United States is a 
member, (ii) is the subject of an advisory issued by the Financial Crimes 
Enforcement Network of the U.S. Treasury• Department; or (iii) has been 
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury• under Section 311 of the USA 
PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering 
concerns (any such country or territory•, a "Non-cooperative Jurisdiction"), 
or an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is 
organized under the laws of, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction; 
(C) 
a senior foreign political figures or any immediate family' or close 
associates of a senior foreign political figure; or 
(D) 
a "foreign shell bank", which is a foreign bank that does not have a 
physical presence in any country. (The term "foreign shell bank" does not 
include any bank that (i) is an affiliate of a depository institution, credit 
union, or foreign bank that maintains a physical presence in the United 
States or a foreign country, and (ii) is subject to supervision by a banking 
authority in the country regulating the affiliated depository institution, 
credit union, or foreign bank described in (i) above.) 
(2) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived or originated from, routed through 
or otherwise related to, any Sanctioned Party or foreign shell bank or any activity 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; (B) no cash, property or item of value that 
A "senior foreign political figure" is a current or former senior official in the executive, legislative. 
administrative, military or judicial branches of a foreign government (whether elected or not), a senior official 
of a major foreign political party, or a senior executive of a foreign govenunent-owned commercial 
enterprise. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, a "senior official" is an individual with substantial 
authority over policy, operations or the use of government-owned resources. In addition, a "senior foreign 
political figure" includes any corporation, business or other entity that has been formed by. or for the benefit 
of, a senior foreign political figure. 
"Immediate family" of a senior foreign political figure includes the figure's parents, siblings, spouse, children 
and in-laws. 
A "close associate" of a senior foreign political figure is a person who is widely and publicly known (or 
actually known by the Subscriber) to maintain an unusually close personal or professional relationship with 
the senior foreign political figure. 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039391 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185575 
EFTA01354793

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354794.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Investor receives from the Partnership will be used in any transaction or manner 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; and (C) no Sanctioned Party will have any legal 
or beneficial interest in the Investor or the Investor's Interest; 
(3) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived from, or related to, any activity that 
is deemed criminal under United States or UK law or the law of the jurisdiction in 
which such activity took place, and (B) no part of the proceeds of the Investor's 
investment in the Partnership w ill be used to finance any such unlawful activities; 
(4) 
no contribution or payment by the Investor to the Partnership, to the extent that 
they are within the Investor's control, and no distribution from the Partnership to 
the Investor (assuming such distribution is made in accordance with instructions 
provided by the Investor) shall cause the Partnership or the General Partner to be 
in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money 
Laundering Control Act of 1986, the Uniting and Strengthening America by 
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 
2001, the criminal money laundering provisions set forth in Title 18 of the United 
States Code or any other applicable anti-money laundering laws or regulations, in 
each case as amended and any successor statute thereto and including all 
regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering 
Laws"); or Sanctions; and 
(5) 
if the Investor is a fund of funds or other entity investing on behalf of third parties, 
(i) the Investor is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Anti-
Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions, (ii) the Investor has anti-money 
laundering policies and procedures in place reasonably designed to verify the 
identity of its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors and their sources of 
funds and to confirm that no beneficial owner and/or underlying investor is a party 
with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from dealing under applicable Sanctions, 
and (iii) the Investor has established the identities of and conducted thorough due 
diligence with respect to all of its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors 
who beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the Investor or 
invested funds. For purposes of this Section 2(aa), "controlling party" means any 
person or entity who owns more than 50% of the economic interest in another 
person or entity or controls the board of directors or similar governing body, the 
day-to-day operations or material business decisions of such other person or entity. 
In the event that the Investor should learn after executing this Subscription Agreement that any of the 
representations made in this Section 2(aa) either was not at the time of execution, or is no longer, accurate, 
the Investor agrees to promptly inform the General Partner in writing of such inaccuracy. The Investor 
further agrees to promptly provide to the General Partner any additional information regarding the Investor 
or its beneficial owners that the General Partner deems necessary• or convenient to ensure compliance with 
all applicable laws concerning money laundering and similar activities. The Investor understands and 
agrees that if at any time it is discovered that any of the foregoing representations are incorrect, or if 
otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or administrative pronouncement related to money 
laundering and similar activities, the General Partner may undertake appropriate actions to ensure 
compliance with applicable laws, regulations and administrative pronouncements, including, but not limited 
to those actions described in the Partnership Agreement. The Investor further understands that the 
Partnership or General Partner may release confidential information about the Investor and, if applicable, 
any underlying beneficial owners, to proper authorities or the general partner of the Underlying Fund if the 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONF7DEN17AL 
II 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039392 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185576 
EFTA01354794

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354795.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354795.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, determines that it is in the best interests of the Partnership in light of 
relevant rules, regulations and administrative pronouncements under the laws set forth in this Section 2(aa). 
(bb) 
Confidentiality. The Investor shall maintain the confidentiality of (i) the 
Non-Public Information (as defined below) and (ii) any information subject to a confidentiality agreement 
binding upon the General Partner, the Partnership or the Investment Manager and made known to the 
Investor: 
vi _ that the Investor may disclose Non-Public Information to (A) its officers, fiduciaries, 
employees, agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors or (B) to the extent the 
Investor is required to disclose such Non-Public Information by a court of competent jurisdiction or other 
governmental authority or otherwise as required by law provided that (x) in the case of clause (A), such 
persons are notified in advance of the confidential nature of such Non-Public Information, and who are, 
either by the nature of their positions or duties or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially 
equivalent restrictions and (y) in the case of clause (B), the Limited Partner promptly, and in any event 
prior to making any such disclosure, notifies the General Partner of the court order, subpoena, 
interrogatories, government order or other reason that requires disclosure of the Partnership Information so 
that the General Partner may seek a protective order or other remedy to protect the confidentiality of the 
Non-Public Information or other appropriate remedy. As used in this Section 2(bb), "Non-Public 
Information" means Partnership Information, but does not include information that (i) becomes publicly 
available (other than by reason of a disclosure by the Investor) or (ii) the disclosure of which has been 
consented to by the General Partner in writing. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees that 
Non-Public Information contains trade secrets and is proprietary and understands that the disclosure of such 
Non-Public Information is not in the best interest of the Partnership or the Underlying Fund and the 
disclosure of such Non-Public Information would cause substantial harm and damages to the Partnership, 
the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investor and the 
Investor's employees, representatives and other agents, may disclose to their professional advisors 
(including, without limitation. their attorneys and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or 
other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal and state income and franchise 
tax treatment and U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax structure of the transactions contemplated 
hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the 
Investor relating to such tax treatment or tax structure insofar as such treatment and/or structure relates to 
a U.S. federal or state income or franchise tax strategy provided to the Investor provided, however, that the 
Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall not disclose any other information 
that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction (including the 
identity of the party and any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or 
any other information to the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in violation of any U.S. 
federal or state securities law. 
(cc) 
FOIA. Except to the extent otherwise disclosed to the General Partner and 
acknowledged by the General Partner in writing prior to its admission to the Partnership, the Investor 
represents that it is not a FOIA Partner (as defined herein). The Investor agrees to provide prompt written 
notice to the General Partner if at any time during the term of the Partnership (i) it becomes a FOIA Partner, 
or (ii) it becomes aware of any reason. whether under law, regulation. policy or otherwise, that it or any of 
its equity holders will, or might become compelled to. use the Partnership Information other than as 
contemplated by Section 14.8.8 of the Partnership Agreement or disclose Partnership Information in 
violation of the confidentiality restrictions in Section 14.7.8 of the Partnership Agreement. For purposes 
of this Agreement, a "FOIA Partner" shall mean any Investor that is (A) directly or indirectly subject to 
either section 552(a) of Title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the "Freedom of Information 
Ad") or any similar federal, state, county or municipal public disclosure law, whether foreign or domestic; 
(B) subject, by regulation, contract or otherwise, to disclose Partnership Information to a trading exchange 
or other market where interests in such person arc sold or traded, whether foreign or domestic; (C) required 
to or will likely be required to disclose Partnership Information to a governmental body, agency or 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039393 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185577 
EFTA01354795

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354796.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUSi26 Gerald Ford 
committee (including, without limitation, any disclosures required in accordance with the U.S. Ethics in 
Government Act of 1978, as amended, and any rules and regulations of any executive, legislative or 
judiciary organization), whether foreign or domestic, by virtue of such person's (or any of its Affiliate's) 
current or proposed involvement in government office; (D) an agent, nominee. fiduciary, custodian or 
trustee for any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) where Partnership Information 
provided or disclosed to such person by the Partnership or the General Partner is provided or could at any 
time become available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C); or (E) an 
investment fund or other entity that has any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) as a 
partner, member or other beneficial owner where Partnership Information provided or disclosed to such 
person by or on behalf of the Partnership or the General Partner is disclosed to or could at any time become 
available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C). 
(dd) 
Underlvinz Fund; No Recourse. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees 
that the Investor shall not be a limited partner of Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities IV, LP, an 
English private fund limited partnership, shall have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund and shall have 
no voting rights in the Underlying Fund. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Investor 
shall have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the general partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Underlying Fund Manager"), their respective Affiliates or any of their respective advisors, officers, 
directors, employees, partners or members. The Investor understands and acknowledges that the Underlying 
Fund Manager will have confidential information relating to the Underlying Fund and its investments that 
has not been disclosed to the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Partnership or the Investors. 
The Investor hereby waives all rights it may now have or hereinafter acquire against such parties arising 
out of or in connection with such non-disclosure of such confidential information. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Underlying Fund Manager is not responsible for the formation or 
operation of the Partnership; (ii) the Underlying Fund Manager has no responsibility with respect to any 
document relating to the Partnership and has not prepared any such documents, including. without 
limitation. the Memorandum (excluding the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the 
Underlying Fund attached to the Memorandum); and (iii) the Underlying Fund Manager does not owe any 
duties, including fiduciary duties, to any investor or potential investor in the Partnership or shall bear any 
liability in connection with the offering and sale of Interests. The Underlying Fund Manager shall be a 
third-party beneficiary of this Section 2(dd). The Investor (A) acknowledges that in addition to the fees 
and carried interest payable by the Partnership to the Underlying Fund, it will be subject to certain additional 
fees and expenses of the Partnership (including Management Fees and Partnership Expenses, as described 
in the Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement) that it would not otherwise be subject to as a direct 
investor in the Underlying Fund, and (B) agrees that it will not bring, and will not threaten to bring, an 
action or claim against the Underlying Fund or the Underlying Fund Manager as an investor in the 
Partnership or in connection with its interest in the Partnership; provided, that, to the extent that such 
agreement is deemed to waive compliance with the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, such waiver is void. 
The Investor further acknowledges that the Investment Manager does not have the power to bind or commit 
the Underlying Fund, the Underlying Fund Manager or any of their respective affiliates. 
(cc) 
Plan Investor Representations. If the Investor is a "Plan Investor" (i.e., (1) any 
U.S. pension or other employee benefit plan or trust subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement plans); (2) any U.S. plan or 
account subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as 
IRAs or Keoghs); (3) any entity deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans described in the preceding bullets 
(such as certain hedge funds that manage ERISA assets); and (4) any fiduciary that otherwise manages or 
handles the assets of any of the plans or entities described in Items 1-3) then the Investor and the person 
executing the Agreement on behalf of the Investor (the "Investor Fiduciary"), both in its individual and 
fiduciary capacity. agree. represent. warrant and acknowledge that: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039394 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185578 
EFTA01354796

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354797.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354797.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
(1) 
the terms of the Partnership Agreement, including all exhibits and attachments 
thereto, comply with the Investor's governing instruments and applicable laws 
governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly advise the General Partner 
in writing of any changes in any governing law or any regulations or interpretations 
thereunder affecting the duties, responsibilities, liabilities or obligations of the 
Partnership, the General Partner or any of their respective partners, members, 
employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents or Affiliates; 
(2) 
(a) pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, the General Partner has the power and 
discretion to make all investment decisions in accordance with the terms of the 
Partnership Agreement, (b) neither the General Partner or iCapital Securities, LLC 
(collectively. "iCapital"), nor any of their Affiliates, is undertaking to provide 
investment advice (impartial or otherwise), or give advice in a fiduciary capacity, 
in connection with the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or 
withdraw from, the Partnership, or to give advice in any fiduciary capacity for 
purposes of ERISA, as defined below, or the Code, as defined below, unless 
otherwise agreed to in writing, and (c) the Memorandum, including all appendices 
thereto, and the marketing of the Partnership by the General Partner and its 
Affiliates does not constitute a recommendation or investment advice; 
(3) 
the Investor Fiduciary is responsible for exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or withdraw from, 
the Partnership; is qualified to make such investment decision and to the extent it 
deems necessary has consulted its own investment advisers and legal counsel 
regarding the investment in the Partnership; 
(4) 
in making its decision to invest in the Partnership, neither the Investor nor the 
Investor Fiduciary has relied on any advice or recommendation of the Partnership, 
iCapital or any of their Affiliates; 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary have studied the Partnership's governing 
documents, the Partnership's investment management agreement, if any, the 
Memorandum, and iCapital's Form ADV, understand the Partnership's investment 
objectives, policies and strategies and the risks, conflicts of interests (including, 
without limitation, the existence and nature of the financial interests of the General 
Partner and its Affiliates relating to the Investor's proposed investment in the 
Partnership), and other considerations relating to an investment in the Partnership 
described therein, and understands that there may be other risks and conflicts of 
interest applicable to the Interests in addition to those described therein, and have 
made an independent decision to invest in the Partnership solely on the basis of 
such documents and without reliance on any other information or statements as to 
the appropriateness of the investment for the Investor; 
(6) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary arc capable of evaluating investment risks 
independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and 
investment strategies, including the decision to invest in, continue holding, or 
withdraw from, the Partnership; 
(7) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary understand, acknowledge and agree that 
the existence and nature of any financial interest of iCapital and its Affiliates have 
been disclosed in the Partnership's governing documents, the Partnership's 
(5) 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN71AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039395 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185579 
EFTA01354797

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354798.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354798.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS126 Gerald Ford 
investment management agreement, if any, the Memorandum, and/or iCapital's 
Form ADV; 
(8) 
the Investor Fiduciary has carefully reviewed and understands the various risks of 
an investment in the Partnership, as well as the fees and conflicts of interest to 
which the Partnership is subject, as set forth in the Memorandum, and has 
concluded that the proposed purchase of an Interest is consistent with applicable 
fiduciary, responsibilities under ERISA and other applicable law, if any; 
(9) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary hereby consent and agree to the payment 
of the fees so described to the parties identified as the recipients thereof, and to 
such conflicts of interest; 
(10) 
neither the Investor nor the Investor Fiduciary are in any way affiliated with (i.e., 
do not own or control, are not owned or controlled by, nor are under common 
ownership or control with) any person or entity which will receive compensation, 
directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, as specifically identified and described 
in the Memorandum; 
(11) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary understand, acknowledge and agree that 
neither iCapital nor any of its Affiliates, nor any director, officer. member, partner, 
employee, principal or agent of iCapital or any of its Affiliates receives a fee or 
other compensation from the Investor or, if applicable, the Investor Fiduciary for 
the provision of investment advice (rather than other services) in connection with 
the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or withdraw from, the 
Partnership (as opposed to a fee for actually managing the assets of the Partnership 
or providing services to the Partnership); 
(12) 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated thereunder will not result in a breach or violation of any 
charter or organizational documents pursuant to which the Investor was formed or 
is governed, or any statute, rule, regulation or order of any court or governmental 
agency or body having jurisdiction over the Investor or any of its assets, or in any 
material respect, any mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement or instrument to 
which the Investor is a party or otherwise subject 
(13) 
the Investor Fiduciary has been given the opportunity• to discuss the Investor's 
investment in the Partnership. and the structure and operation of the Partnership 
with the General Partner, and has been given all documents and information that 
the Investor has reasonably requested regarding the Partnership; 
(14) 
the Investor Fiduciary is either (a) a bank as defined in Section 202 of the Advisers 
Act or similar institution that is regulated and supervised and subject to periodic 
examination by a State or Federal agency; (b) an insurance carrier which is 
qualified under the laws of more than one State to perform the services of 
managing, acquiring or disposing of assets of "plan assets-; (c) an investment 
adviser registered under the Advisers Act or, if not registered an as investment 
adviser under the Advisers Act by reason of Paragraph (I) of Section 203A of such 
Act, is registered as an investment adviser under the laws of a State (referred to in 
such paragraph (1)) in which the Plan Investor maintains its principal office and 
place of business; (d) a broker-dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONF7DEN17AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039396 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185580 
EFTA01354798

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354799.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354799.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
of 1934; and/or (e) an independent fiduciary that holds, or has under management 
or control, total assets of at least $50 million (provided that this clause (e) shall not 
be satisfied if the Investor Fiduciary is either (i) the owner or a relative of the owner 
of an investing IRA or (ii) a participant or beneficiary of the Plan Investor investing 
in such capacity); 
(15) 
the Investor Fiduciary is a fiduciary of the Investor within the meaning of ERISA 
and/or the Code with respect to the Investor's proposed purchase of an Interest; 
(16) 
the Investor Fiduciary is independent of iCapital and its Affiliates, in that it has no 
relationship to, or interest in, any of the foregoing persons that might affect the 
exercise of its best judgment as a fiduciary•; 
(17) 
the Investor Fiduciary has the discretionary authority to make the proposed 
purchase of an Interest and, by executing this Agreement, has so exercised that 
authority exclusively; 
(18) 
the funds so constituting plan assets have been identified in writing to the General 
Partner; 
(19) 
the Investor's proposed purchase of an Interest is permissible under the documents 
governing the investment of such plan assets; 
(20) 
in making the proposed purchase of an Interest, the Investor and the Investor 
Fiduciary are aware of and have taken into consideration the diversification 
requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA or other applicable law, if any, and 
the decision to invest plan assets in the Partnership is consistent with such 
provisions; 
(21) 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the acquisition and redemption 
of the Interest, either (a) is not a prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code, 
or (b) is exempt from the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of ERISA 
and Section 4975(c)(1XA)—(D) of the Code by virtue of a Department of Labor 
Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or some other exemption of such rules; 
(22) 
if the Investor is an employee benefit plan subject to the fiduciary provisions of 
Title I of ERISA with total assets of less than $50 million or an individual 
retirement account, Keogh plan and/or other plan subject to Section 4975 of the 
Code that is not subject to the fiduciary provisions of ERISA (or if the Investor is 
an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of such an account or plan), 
none of the Partnership, the General Partner or any of their Affiliates has had any 
interaction, contact or discussions with the Investor, other than through the 
Investor Fiduciary, relating in any way to the investment by the Investor; 
(23) 
to the extent the Investor is an individual retirement account, Keogh plan and/or 
other plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code that is not subject to the fiduciary 
provisions of ERISA (or if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets include 
the assets of such an account or plan), (a) the Investor Fiduciary is not the "IRA 
owner" (within the meaning of Department of Labor Regulations Section 2510.3-
21(g)(5)) of the Investor (or, if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets 
include the assets of an individual retirement account, the Investor Fiduciary is not 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN71AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039397 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185581 
EFTA01354799

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354800.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
the "IRA owner" of such an individual retirement account), and (b) to the extent 
the Investor's Interest is being held by a custodian, (x) the General Partner may, 
without further instruction or consent of the Investor or any beneficial owner of 
the Investor, re-register the Investor's Interests in the name of the beneficial owner 
of such Investor upon instruction provided by such custodian that it is no longer 
willing to retain custody or act as custodian for the Investor's Interests and the 
Investor has not simultaneously provided a substitute custodian for such individual 
retirement account, and (y) such re-registration may have adverse consequences to 
the beneficial owner of such individual retirement account; 
(24) 
if the Investor is acquiring an Interest with the assets of the general account of an 
insurance company, the Investor represents. warrants and covenants that on each 
day the Investor owns an Interest either (a) the assets of such general account arc 
not considered to be plan assets within the meaning of Department of Labor 
Regulations Section 2510.3-101 or Department of Labor regulations issued 
pursuant to Section 401(c)( I )(A) of ERISA, or (b) the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement, and the acquisition and redemption of the Interest, is exempt from 
the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of ERISA and Section 
4975(c)(1)(A)—(D) of the Code by virtue of Department of Labor Prohibited 
Transaction Class Exemption 95-60 or some other exemption of such rules; 
(25) 
by signing this Agreement. each Investor that is either a Plan Investor or using the 
assets of an insurance company general account hereby covenants that if, after its 
initial acquisition of an Interest, at any time during any month the percentage of 
the assets of such general account (as reasonably determined by the Investor) or 
Plan Investor, as applicable, that constitute "plan assets" for purposes of Tide I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code exceeds the percentage specified by the 
Investor in Question 4(a) of Exhibit B or Question 2 of Exhibit E, then such 
Investor shall promptly notify the General Partner of such occurrence in writing; 
and 
(26) 
The Investor agrees that the foregoing acknowledgements and representations 
shall be deemed continuing acknowledgements and representations, and the 
Investor shall immediately notify the Partnership in writing if any of such 
acknowledgements or representations becomes untrue or materially misleading. 
(ft) 
Non-U.S. Emnlovee Benefit Plans. If the investment in the Interest is being 
made on behalf of an employee benefit plan maintained outside of the United States primarily for 
the benefit of persons substantially all of whom are nonresident aliens (as described in Section 
4(b)(4) of ERISA), (i) there is no provision in the instruments governing such plan or any federal, 
state or local or foreign law, rule, regulation or constitutional provision applicable to the plan that 
could in any respect affect the operation of the Partnership by the General Partner or prohibit any 
action contemplated by the operational documents and related disclosure of the Partnership, 
including, without limitation, the investments which may be made pursuant to the Partnership's 
investment strategies, the concentration of investments for the Partnership and the payment by the 
plan of incentive or other fees, and (ii) the plan's investment in the Partnership will not conflict 
with or violate the instruments governing such plan or any federal, state or local or foreign law, 
rule, regulation or constitutional provision applicable to the plan. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039398 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185582 
EFTA01354800

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354801.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354801.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
3. 
Closing and Capital Contributions. 
(a) 
The closing of the sale and purchase of the Interest (the "Closing") shall take place 
on such date and at such time and place as shall be selected by the General Partner. The initial capital 
contribution for the purchase of the Investor's Interest as well as each additional capital contribution shall 
take place at such times and in the manner specified in the Partnership Agreement. 
(b) 
The Investor hereby directs the Investment Manager of the Partnership to invest 
all of the funds contributed to the Partnership by the Investor (except to the extent such assets are used to 
pay expenses or used for other purposes pursuant to the terms of the Partnership Agreement). The Investor's 
act of making any subsequent contributions to, or its purchase of any additional Interest in, the Partnership 
will be evidence of the Investor's reaffirmation of this direction. 
4. 
Agreements with Other Limited Partners. The purchases of the Interest by the Investor 
and interests in the Partnership by the other Limited Partners are to be separate purchases from the 
Partnership and the sales of the Interest to the Investor and interests in the Partnership to the other Limited 
Partners are to be separate sales by the Partnership. This Agreement and the subscription agreements to be 
executed by such other Limited Partners are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the "Subscription 
Agreements." 
5. 
Representations and Warranties of the Partnership and the General Partner. The 
Partnership and the General Partner hereby represent and warrant to the Investor that at the time of the 
Closing: 
(a) 
Organization and Standing of the Partnership. 
The Partnership is duly 
organized and validly existing as a limited partnership under the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited 
Partnership Act, as amended (the "Delaware Act") and has all requisite power and authority under the 
Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act to enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement, to 
conduct its activities as described in the Partnership Agreement, to issue and sell the Interest and to admit 
the Investor to the Partnership. 
(b) 
Governmental and Regulatory Approval. Neither the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement, nor the offer or sale of the Interest, requires any material consent, approval or authorization 
from, or filing, registration or qualification with, any United States federal, state or local governmental or 
regulatory authority (including, without limitation, registration under the Securities Act), on the part of the 
Partnership, except for (i) compliance by the Partnership and the General Partner with the requirements of 
any applicable United States state securities laws, and (ii) filing by the Partnership of a Form D with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") pursuant to Regulation D. 
(c) 
Sale of the Interests. All action required to be taken by the General Partner and 
the Partnership as a condition to the sale of the Interest purchased by the Investor has been taken, and the 
Investor will be a Limited Partner of the Partnership entitled to all the benefits, and subject to all the 
obligations, of a Limited Partner under the Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act. 
(d) 
Due Execution and Delivery. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and, assuming the due authorization, execution 
and delivery thereof by the Investor, is a valid and binding obligation of the Partnership, enforceable against 
it in accordance with its terms. The Partnership Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the 
General Partner and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the Limited 
Partners, is a valid and binding obligation of the General Partner, enforceable against the General Partner 
in accordance with its terms. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039399 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185583 
EFTA01354801

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354802.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Status. Based in part upon the representations of the 
Limited Partners contained in the Subscription Agreements, the Partnership is not required to be registered 
as an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act, after giving effect to the 
transactions contemplated in the Partnership Agreement. 
6. 
Power of Attorne 
(a) 
The Investor hereby appoints Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP 
LLC (the "General Partner") and iCapital Advisors, LLC (and any substitute or successor thereto) (the 
"Investment Manager, as its true and lawful attorneys (collectively, the "Attorneys") in its name, place 
and stead, (i) to receive and pay over to the General Partner on behalf and at the direction of the Investor, 
to the extent set forth in this Subscription Agreement, all funds received hereunder, (ii) to complete or 
correct, on behalf of the Investor, all documents to be executed by the Investor in connection with the 
Investor's subscription for an Interest, including, without limitation, filling in or amending amounts, dates 
and other pertinent information required in this Subscription Agreement; (iii) to act on behalf of such 
Investor with respect to any of the actions that may be taken against it as a Limited Partner in the event of 
a default by such Limited Partner, as described in the Memorandum; and (iv) as applicable, to make, 
execute, sign, acknowledge and deliver or file for and on behalf of the Investor, and in its name, place and 
stead (A) the Partnership Agreement and any amendment, modification or change to such agreement; (B) 
the agreement of limited partnership and any amendment, modification or change to such agreement of any 
parallel investment entity or feeder fund established in accordance with the provisions of the Partnership 
Agreement; (C) any agreements or other documents relating to the obligations of the Partnership, as limited 
and defined in the Partnership Agreement; (D) any other certificate, consent, or other instrument which may 
be required by law to be filed by the Partnership or the partners thereof under the laws of any country, 
territory, state or other jurisdiction, if the Attorney deems such filing necessary or desirable, in each case 
said signature thereon on behalf of the Investor being conclusive evidence of the approval of the Investor 
of the terms thereof. 
(b) 
The foregoing grant of authority (I) is a special power of attorney deemed coupled 
with an interest in favor of the Attorney and as such shall be irrevocable and shall survive the death or 
disability of a Limited Partner that is a natural person or the merger, dissolution or other termination of the 
existence of a Limited Partner that is a corporation, association, partnership, limited liability company or 
trust and (2) shall survive the assignment by the Limited Partner of the whole or any portion of its Interest, 
except that where the assignee of the whole thereof has furnished a power of attorney. this power of attorney 
shall survive such assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the Attorneys to execute, acknowledge and 
file any instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the assignee for the assignor as a 
Limited Partner and shall thereafter terminate. The Investor hereby acknowledges that it and each other 
Limited Partner has executed this special power of attorney, and that each Limited Partner will rely on the 
effectiveness of such powers with a view to the orderly administration of the Partnership's affairs. 
7. 
Expenses. Each party hereto will pay its own expenses relating to this Agreement and the 
purchase of the Investor's Interest in the Partnership hereunder. 
8. 
Amendments. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, waived, 
discharged or terminated except with the written consent of the Investor and the General Partner. 
9. 
Reduction or Rejection of Subscription. 
The Investor acknowledges that the 
subscription for the Interest contained herein may be reduced or rejected by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion at any time prior to the Closing. No subscription shall be deemed accepted, and the Investor 
shall not become a Limited Partner, until the subscription has been accepted in writing and, if necessary•, 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039400 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00165584 
EFTA01354802

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354803.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
any subsequent acts including issuance of the Interest have been taken, which shall be deemed an 
acceptance of this Agreement by the Partnership for all purposes. 
10. 
Confirmation of Representations; Additional Investor Information. 
(a) 
The Investor understands that the information provided herein (including the 
exhibits hereto) will be relied upon by the Partnership and the General Partner for the purpose of 
determining the eligibility of the Investor to purchase the Interest. The Investor agrees to provide, if 
requested, any additional information that may reasonably be required to determine (i) the eligibility of the 
Investor to purchase or hold the Interest and participate in its investment in the Underlying Fund, (ii) the 
Partnership's or the General Partner's compliance with applicable regulatory (including tax and ERISA) 
requirements or (iii) the Partnership's tax status. The Investor represents and agrees that the information 
provided herein (including the exhibits hereto) regarding the Investor is true and correct as of the date it 
executes this Agreement and will be true and correct as of the Closing and as of the date of each capital 
contribution by the Investor to the Partnership. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if there 
should be any change in the information provided herein or in any exhibit or schedule hereto regarding the 
Investor prior to the Closing or at any time during the term of the Partnership, the Investor will immediately 
furnish revised or corrected information to the General Partner in writing. The Investor will furnish to the 
Partnership, upon request, any other information about the Investor reasonably determined by the General 
Partner to be necessary or convenient for the formation, operation, dissolution, winding up or termination 
of the Partnership; provided that such other information is in the Investor's possession or is available to the 
Investor without unreasonable effort or expense. In addition, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that it 
will upon request be required to complete and submit to the Partnership and/or the General Partner a 
questionnaire regarding Disqualifying Events. The Investor further understands and acknowledges that the 
Underlying Fund may be offered in reliance on Rule 506 and the Partnership may be required to make 
representations to the Underlying Fund Manager that the Partnership and its beneficial owners and certain 
Affiliates have not been subject to a Disqualifying Event. 
The Investor further understands and 
acknowledges that the Partnership may take any steps it deems reasonably necessary to comply with the 
conditions set forth in Rule 506 under the Securities Act applicable to the offering and sale of the Interest 
(including, but not limited to, compulsorily redeeming all or a portion of the Interest held by the Investor 
or requiring the Investor to waive all or a portion of its voting power with respect to the Partnership). 
(b) 
If the Investor holds a wealth management or similar account with its Financial 
Advisor (a "Financial Advisor Account"), the Investor may agree that all Capital Contributions and 
distributions will be made through such Financial Advisor Account pursuant to a letter of authorization: 
provided that the Investor understands that if it closes such Financial Advisor Account during the term of 
the Partnership such Financial Advisor shall be permitted to provide the General Partner or the 
Administrator with such documentation obtained from the Investor with respect to identification 
verification information or other information required by anti-money laundering or other governmental 
regulations and if the General Partner or the Administrator is unable to obtain this information from the 
Financial Advisor or the Investor, the General Partner may "freeze" the Investor's Interest, either by 
prohibiting additional Capital Contributions or distributions or declining any transfer request. 
11. 
Indemnity. The Investor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership. the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager, any Affiliate of the Partnership, the General Partner or the 
Investment Manager and any director, officer, partner, member, manager, employee, or agent of any such 
party (the "Indemnitees"), from and against any loss, damage, or liability (a) due to or arising out of a 
breach of any representation or warranty (including any misrepresentation made by the Investor with 
respect to the matters about which representations and warranties are required) or any failure to fulfill any 
covenants or agreements of the Investor contained in this Agreement (including the exhibits hereto) or in 
any other documents provided by the Investor to the Partnership, the General Partner or the Investment 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039401 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185585 
EFTA01354803

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354804.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Manager in connection with the Investor's investment in the Partnership or (b) arising as a result of the sale 
or distribution of the Interest by the Investor in violation of the Securities Act or other applicable law. 
12. 
Withholding Forms; Additional Information. 
(a) 
The Investor represents, warrants and agrees (for the benefit of the Partnership and 
of any Person that participated in the offer or sale of the Interest) that it will provide in a timely manner 
such information regarding the Investor and its beneficial owners and forms as requested by the General 
Partner, including (i) a properly completed Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Tax Form W-8BEN, W-
8BEN-E, W-8IMY, W-8EXP or W-8ECI (each, a foreign person certificate) or W-9 (a U.S. person 
certificate), as appropriate, (ii) any forms requested by the General Partner to comply with the Partnership's 
obligations under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, all rules, regulations and 
other guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, any agreements 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, and all applicable 
intergovernmental agreements entered into between the United States and another country (or local country 
legislation enacted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement) (collectively "FATCA") and the OECD 
Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information - Common Reporting Standard (the 
"CRS"), including any local or intergovernmental legislation. regulation or guidance that has been adopted 
to implement CRS, and (iii) the forms of any other national, provincial, state, local or other taxing authority, 
and shall cooperate with the General Partner upon its request in order to maintain appropriate records and 
provide for withholding amounts under applicable tax laws, if any, relating to the Investor's Interest in the 
Partnership, and, further, in the event that the Investor fails to provide such information and/or forms, the 
General Partner, the Partnership and their respective direct or indirect partners, members, managers, 
officers, directors, employees, agents, service providers and their Affiliates shall have no obligation or 
liability to the Investor with respect to any tax matters or obligations that may be assessed against the 
Investor or its beneficial owners. The Investor expressly acknowledges that such tax forms and withholding 
information may be provided to any withholding agent that has control, receipt or custody of the income of 
which the Investor is the beneficial owner or any withholding agent that can disburse or make payments of 
the income of which the Investor is the beneficial owner. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or 
in the Partnership Agreement to the contrary, the Investor hereby waives the application of any non-U.S. 
law to the extent such law would prevent the Partnership or the General Partner from reporting to the IRS 
and/or the U.S. Treasury or any other governmental authority any information required to be reported 
pursuant to FATCA or CRS with respect to the Investor or its beneficial owners. 
(b) 
In addition to any information required to be provided pursuant to Section 12(a) 
above, the Investor covenants and agrees to provide promptly, and update periodically, at any times 
requested by the General Partner, any information (or verification thereof) the General Partner deems 
necessary to comply with audit requirements, adjustments and compliance imposed under Code §§ 6225 
and 6226. 
13. 
Electronic Schedule K-I. The Investor hereby consents to receive Schedule K-I 
electronically (the "Consent") from the Partnership. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that: 
(a) 
Any Investor that does not Consent will be provided with a paper copy of Schedule 
K-I, which will be mailed to the Investor's address on file with the Partnership. and the Investor will pay 
all costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, assembly and deliver), of such Schedule K-I. 
Failure to pay such costs and expenses shall constitute a default pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. All 
Investors that Consent will receive Schedule K-Is only in electronic form. 
(b) 
The Consent applies to each Schedule K-I required to be furnished to the Investor 
by the Partnership unless and until a formal withdrawal of Consent is received by the Partnership. The 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN71AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039402 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185586 
EFTA01354804

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354805.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354805.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi2S Gerald Ford 
Investor may formally withdraw Consent by writing (electronically or on paper) to Investor Relations at 
iCapital Network, 60 East 42nd Street, 26" Floor, New York, NY, 10165, or by e-mail at 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com. The withdrawal of Consent will be effective either on the date it is received by 
the Partnership, or on a subsequent date determined by the Partnership and communicated to the Investor 
within 60 days after the Partnership receives the withdrawal. The Partnership will confirm the withdrawal 
and the date on which it takes effect in writing. A withdrawal of Consent does not apply to a Schedule K-I 
that was furnished electronically before thc date on which thc withdrawal takes effect. 
(c) 
The Investor must inform the Partnership of any updated contact information, 
including e-mail address, mailing address and phone number, as soon as possible. The Partnership will 
inform the Investor of any change in the Partnership's contact information. 
(d) 
The Investor will be required to confirm this Consent electronically through the 
iCapital Platform prior to accessing the Investor's Schedule K-1. 
14. 
(v) 
Access to the Internet, an e-mail address and Adobe®Reader® is required to 
access, print and retain the Schedule K-I. The Schedule K-I may be required to be printed and attached to 
a Federal, State or local income tax return. 
15. 
General. 
This Agreement (i) shall be binding upon the Investor and the legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the Investor, (ii) shall survive the admission of the 
Investor as a Limited Partner of thc Partnership, (iii) shall not be assignable by thc Investor without the 
prior written consent of the General Partner, and (iv) shall, if the Investor consists of more than one person 
or entity, be the joint and several obligation of all such persons or entities. Two or more duplicate originals 
of this Agreement may be executed by the undersigned and accepted by the Partnership, each of which shall 
be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall 
be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its conflicts of laws). Any 
term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such 
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or 
unenforceable the remaining terms or provisions of this Agreement or affecting thc validity or 
enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any ogler jurisdiction. Captions and 
headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect 
the meaning hereof 
16. 
Jurisdiction. The courts of the State of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction over 
any action, suit or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, and the Investor hereby irrevocably waives. 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may have, whether now or in thc future, to thc 
laying of venue in, or to the jurisdiction of, any and each of such courts for the purposes of any such suit, 
action, proceeding or judgment and further waives any claim that any such suit, action, proceeding or 
judgment has been brought in an inconvenient forum, and the Investor hereby submits to such jurisdiction. 
The parties hereby agree that no punitive or consequential damages shall be awarded in any such action. 
suit or proceeding. 
* 
* 
* 
THE INVESTOR MUST COMPLETE, SIGN AND DELIVER THE FOLLOWING LIMITED PARTNER 
SIGNATURE PAGE AND ALL APPLICABLE EXHIBITS TO THE GENERAL PARTNER 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039403 
SDNY GM_00185587 
EFTA01354805

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354806.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I have received and reviewed the Supplement to the Private 
Placement Memorandum that contains specific information relating to the fees in respect of my investment 
that will be paid to my advisor. 
UPFRONT PLACEMENT FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I will be charged an upfront placement fee equal to the following 
percentage of my Subscription, which amount will be collected by and paid to my advisor 
%. The 
Placement Fee (as defined in the Memorandum) is charged in addition to your Subscription to the 
Partnership and not deducted from the Subscription amount and shall not constitute a capital contribution 
with respect to your investment in the Partnership. 
INVESTOR SIGNATURE PAGE 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned executes this Agreement and acknowledges by its 
signature below that it (i) has reviewed this Agreement, including all applicable Exhibits hereto, and such 
additional information it deems appropriate in connection with its investment in the Partnership, and 
(ii) agrees to be bound by the terms hereof on the date first set forth above. Upon acceptance below by the 
General Partner, the undersigned shall be admitted as a Limited Partner of the Partnership. 
(Sign here) 
(Sign here) 
Name of Signatory:  
Title of Signatory (if applicable):  
Country in which this Agreement 
was signed:  
Date: 
(Sign here) 
Name of Signatory:  
Title of Signatory (if applicable):  
Date: 
Net Amount of Interest 
Requested in USD: $ 
Name of Investor (Individual or 
Entity Name):  
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039404 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185588 
EFTA01354806

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354807.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Name of Advisor: 
Account Number: 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039405 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185589 
EFTA01354807

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354808.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354808.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS126 Gerald Ford 
Each prospective Investor is required to complete either the column titled "For Individuals" or the column 
titled "For Entities-. as applicable. 
I ain investing as an: 
K 
Individual 
K 
Entity 
I am an I nth' aka! m Kiitity that is a U.S. Person': K Yes K No 
FOR INDIVIDUALS: 
FOR ENTITIES: 
Type of Individual: 
Type of Entity: 
State/Province and Country of Residence of 
Jurisdiction of Organization: 
Investor for Tax Purposes: 
Domicile: 
Social Security No. or Tax Identification 
No: 
Tax Identification No.: 
Permanent Address: 
Permanent Address: 
Mailing Address (if different from above): 
Mailing Address (if different from above): 
Date of Birth: 
 Date of Formation: 
Telephone No: 
Telephone No:  
Email Address: 
Email 
Address: 
For definition of "U.S. Person'. please see Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act 
PROPRIETARY AND CONF7DEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039406 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185590 
EFTA01354808

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354809.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US12$ Gerald Ford 
Employment Status (employed, unemployed, 
If the year end of the Investor for tax purposes is 
retired, self-employed): 
not December 31, specify tax year end: 
Employer (if applicable): 
FOIA Partners 
Yes 
No 
Occupation: 
Please see Section 2(cc)of this Agreement for the definition of the term "POI A Panner" 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039407 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185591 
EFTA01354809

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354810.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
GENERAL PARTNER SIGNATURE PAGE 
Investors should skip this page. 
The General Partner for and on behalf of the Partnership hereby accepts the foregoing subscription 
either for: (a) the amount of Interest set forth below, which will be equal to or less than the amount offered by 
the Limited Partner above, or (b) if left blank, then the Limited Partners entire requested amount of Interest 
set forth next to the Limited Partner's signature above. 
Net Amount of Interest: $ 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
By: Institutional Capital Network, Inc., its sole member 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039408 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185592 
EFTA01354810

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354811.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354811.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
WIRE INSTRUCTIONS 
Initial Capital Contribution. The General Partner will provide written notice of the exact size and timing 
of the initial capital contribution required by the Investor and the wire instructions for the account if 
necessary in advance of the closing of the Partnership. 
Distributions. Please provide the wire instructions for the bank account for this investment. 
Distributions from the Partnership will be sent to this account. Please ensure that this account is in the 
exact name of the Investor as provided above and that it is the same account as the initial capital 
contribution. 
Beneficiary Bank Name: 
Beneficiary ABA Number (if applicable): 
Beneficiary Swift Codc (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Name (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Number (if applicable): 
Client Account Name: 
Client Account Number: 
FFC (if applicable): 
Reference (if applicable): 
If your account is with a non-U.S. bank, please provide the additional information below: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Bank Name: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary ABA Number (if applicable):  
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Swift Code (if applicable):  
International Bank Account Number (IBAN): 
Source of Funds. Please indicate the source of the funds being invested in the Partnership: 
K 
Salary 
K 
Savings 
K 
Inheritance 
K 
Gift 
K 
Retirement / Redundancy Payment 
K 
Windfall / Compensation Payment 
Other: 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039409 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185593 
EFTA01354811

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354812.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
ADVISOR INFORMATION 
If you were introduced to the Partnership or iCapital Network by a Financial Advisor, your Financial 
Advisor will be copied on all communications related to your investment in the Partnership. 
Please provide my Advisor with access to all correspondence from the Partnership. 
My Advisor is: 
Name of Firm: 
Name of Representative: 
Email address of Representative: 
K 
Please send all correspondence from the Partnership exclusively to my Advisor 
listed above. Please note that certain correspondence will still be sent to the Investor as 
required by law. 
INVESTOR CONTACT INFORMATION 
Please complete the following information for each additional individual who will receive notices and 
other communications from the Partnership or the General Partner. 
K Yes, please copy the following individuals on correspondence from the Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
K No, do not copy any additional individuals on correspondence from the Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039410 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185594 
EFTA01354812

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354813.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS126 Gerald Ford 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIE'fARYANDCONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039411 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185595 
EFTA01354813

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354814.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354814.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Exhibit B 
FOR INDIVIDUALS 
INVESTOR STATUS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that the answers provided below completely and accurately 
describe the Investor. 
The Investor is a natural person whose net worth, either individually or jointly with such person's spouse, 
at the time of purchase, equals (exclusive of the value of the Investor's primary residence): 
K 
Less than $500,000 
K 
$500,000 - $999,999 
K 
$1,000,000 - $4,999,999 
K 
$5,000,000 - $9,999,999 
K 
$10,000,000 or more 
The Investor is a natural person who had individual income on the amounts specified below, or joint income 
with that person's spouse in the amount specified below, in the previous two calendar years and reasonably 
expects to reach the same income level in the current calendar year: 
2016 Income: 
2017 Income: 
K 
$199,999 or less 
K 
$199,999 or less 
K 
$200,000-$299,999 
K 
$200,000-$299,999 
K 
$300,000-$499,999 
K 
$300,000-$499,999 
K 
$500,000 or greater 
K 
$500,000 or greater 
The above amounts are calculated: 
K 
Individually 
K 
Together with my spouse 
The Investor is a natural person (including a person who will hold a joint, community property or similar 
shared ownership interest in the Partnership with that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments' worth: 
K 
Less than $5,000,000 
K 
$5,000,000 - $10.000,000 
K 
More than $ I 0,000,000 
For definition of "invesunents." see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN71AL 
B-I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039412 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185596 
EFTA01354814

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354815.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354815.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
4. 
Please indicate whether the Investor is investing the assets of any retirement plan, employee benefit 
plan or other similar agreement that is subject to Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as an IRA or "Keogh" plan) (a "Plan Investor"): 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
(a) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate what percentage of the 
Investor's assets invested in the Partnership arc the assets of a plan. individual retirement account 
or other arrangement that is described in Section 4975 of the Code, whether or not such plan, 
account or arrangement is subject to Section 4975 of the Code: 
o 
Less than 25% and the percentage is 
%. 
25% or more and the percentage is 
%. 
(b) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate whether or not the Investor 
is, or is acting (directly or indirectly) on behalf of, (A) an employee benefit plan (within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to Title I of ERISA. (B) an insurance company using general 
account assets, if such general account assets are deemed to include the assets of any of the 
foregoing types of plans, accounts or arrangements, for purposes of Tide I of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code under Section 401(c)(1XA) of ERISA or the regulations promulgated thereunder, 
or (C) an entity which is deemed to hold the assets of any of the foregoing types of plans, accounts 
or arrangements: 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
5. 
Please indicate whether or not the Investor is subject to any other federal, state, local, non-U.S. or 
other laws or regulations that could cause the underlying assets of the Partnership to be treated as assets of 
the Plan Investor by virtue of its investment in the Partnership and thereby subject the Partnership and the 
General Partner (or other persons responsible for the investment and operation of the Partnership's assets) 
to laws or regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction provisions 
contained in Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
If the Investor answered "Yes" above, please contact the General Partner immediately. 
PROPRIE'fARYANDCONFIDEN77AL 
B-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039413 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185597 
EFTA01354815

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354816.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSt25 Gerald Ford 
Exhibit C 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
K 
The Investor is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, a Maccarhusetts or 
similar business trust, or an organization described in Section 501(cX3) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder that was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest, with 
total assets in excess of $5,000,000. 
K 
Any trust with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose 
of acquiring the Interest, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person as 
described in Rule 506(bX2)(ii) of Regulation D. 
K 
The Investor is an entity which falls within one of the following categories of 
accredited investor set forth in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act: 
K 
A bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or any savings 
and loan association or other institution as defined in Section 3(a)(5XA) of 
the Securities Act whether acting in its individual or fiduciary• capacity (this 
includes a trust for which a bank acts as trustee and exercises investment 
discretion with respect to the trust's decision to invest in the Partnership). 
K 
An insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities Act. 
K 
A broker-dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
K 
An investment company registered under the Investment Company Act. 
K 
A business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the 
Investment Company Act. 
K 
A Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small 
Business Administration under Section 301(e) or (d) of the Small Business 
Investment Act of 1958, as amended. 
Any 
private 
business 
development 
company 
as 
defined 
in 
Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
K 
Any plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, 
or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
C-3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039414 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185598 
EFTA01354816

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354817.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0USI2S Gerald Ford 
the benefit of its employees, if such a plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000. 
An employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made by a plan 
fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, 
savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment 
adviser, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000, or, if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made 
solely by persons that are Accredited Investors. 
The Investor is an entity in which all of the equity owners are Accredited Investors. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
C-4 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039415 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185599 
EFTA01354817

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354818.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354818.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Exhibit D 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT REPRESENTATIONS 
A. 
The Investor is a "qualified purchaser" as defined in Section 2(aX51)(A) of the Investment 
Company Act as a result of 
(I) 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
The Investor is a company' that (i) owns not less than $5,000,000 in 
investments,2 (ii) is owned directly or indirectly by or for two or more natural 
persons who are related as siblings or spouse (including former spouses), or 
direct lineal descendants by birth or adoption, spouses of such persons. the 
estates of such persons, or foundations, charitable organizations or trusts 
established by or for the benefit of such persons, and (iii) was not formed for 
the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. 
K 
(2) 
The Investor is a company, partnership or trust, acting for its own account or the 
accounts of other qualified purchasers, that (i) was not formed for the specific 
purpose of acquiring the Interest, and (ii) in the aggregate owns and invests on 
a discretionary basis not less than ¶25,000.000 in -investments." 
(3) 
The Investor is a trust not covered by Item 1 of this Exhibit that was not formed 
for the purpose of acquiring the Interest, as to which the trustee or other person 
authorized to make decisions with respect to the trust, and each senior or other 
person who has contributed assets to the trust is (a) a person described in Item 
I or Item 2 above, or (b) a natural person (including a person who will hold a 
joint, community property or similar shared ownership interest in the 
Partnership with that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments' worth not less than $5,000,000. 
K 
(4) 
The Investor is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in paragraph (a) of 
Rule I44A promulgated under the Securities Act) meeting the requirements of 
Rule 2a51-1(g) promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 2(a)(8) of the Investment Company Act defines "company" as a corporation, partnership, association. 
joint stock company. trust, fund or any organized group of persons whether incorporated or not. If the Investor 
is a company that, but for the exceptions provided for in paragraph (1) or (7) of Section 3(c) of the Investment 
Company Act, would be an investment company (an "excepted investment company"), all beneficial owners of 
its outstanding securities (other than short-term paper). determined in accordance with Section 3(cXIXA) on the 
Investment Company Act. that acquired such secunties on or before April 30.19% (as "pre-amendment beneficial 
owners"), and all pm amendment beneficial owners of the outstanding securities (other thin short-team paper) of 
any excepted investment company that. directly or indirectly owns any outstanding securities of such excepted 
investment company. have consented to its treatment as a qualified purchaser. See Rule 2a51 2(e) promulgated 
under the Investment Company Act. 
• 
For definition of "investments." see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN71AL 
D-I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039416 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00165600 
EFTA01354818

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354819.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354819.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS126 Gerald Ford 
K 
(5) 
The Investor is a company all of the securities of which are beneficially owned 
by "qualified purchasers." 
B. 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company or other organization, 
please check the appropriate box in response to each question. 
(1) 
The Investor is not (i) an "investment company" as defined in the Investment 
Company Act, (ii) a "business development company," as defined in the Investment 
Company Act or (iii) an entity which would be an "investment company" as defined in 
the Investment Company Act but for the exceptions provided for in Section 3(eX1) and 
Section 3(cX7) of the Investment Company Act. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
(2) 
Assuming the Investor holds less than 10% of the interests in the Partnership, 
the Investor constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment 
Company Act. 
K 
True 
K 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one: 
(3) 
Assuming the Investor holds 10% or more of the interests in the Partnership, the 
Investor constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment 
Company Act. 
K 
True 
K 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one: 
(4) 
The Investor is managed as a collective investment vehicle, such that the 
Investor's stockholders, partners, members or other beneficial owners, if any, have no 
individual discretion as to their participation or non-participation in the purchase of the 
Interest and will have no individual discretion as to their participation or non-
participation in particular investments made by the Partnership. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
(5) 
The Investor was not formed, organized or recapitalized (and is not to be 
recapitalized) for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. For the purposes of the 
preceding sentence, -recapitalized" includes. without limitation, new investments made 
in the Investor solely for the purpose of financing the Investor's acquisition of the 
Interest and not made pursuant to a prior financial commitment. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
D-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039417 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001854301 
EFTA01354819

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354820.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354820.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
(6) 
The Investor has not committed and will not invest more than 40% of its assets 
(including "committed capital") in any single entity, including the Partnership. 
"Committed capital" includes all amounts that have been contributed to the Investor by 
its shareholders, partners or other equity holders plus all amounts which such persons or 
entities remain obligated to contribute to it. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
C. 
(i) 
Does the Investor have one or more ultimate beneficiaries who (i) am entitled to 10% or 
more of the proceeds from this investment or (ii) hold 10% or more of the control rights of the Investor? 
O Yes* 
No 
(ii) 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries publicly traded? 
K Yes* 
K No 
(iii) 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries a regulated entity? 
K Yes• 
K No 
If the responses to any of the above questions in (C)(i)-(iii) is "Yes," please complete the 
following chart. 
Name of Investor and Each 10% 
Beneficial Owner 
If the Investor or My 
of the 10% Beneficial 
Owners Is Publicly 
Traded, Please Identify 
the Exchange 
If the Investor or Any of the 
10% Beneficial Owners Is a 
Regulated Entity, Please 
Identify Regulator and 
Jurisdiction 
* If yes, please provide further information in the chart or. if there is insufficient space in the chart, please include 
additional sheets of paper with the relevant information. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039418 
SDNY GM_00185802 
EFTA01354820

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354821.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354821.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
Exhibit E 
PLAN INVESTOR REPRESENTATIONS 
This exhibit is applicable only to Investors who arc "Plan Investors": (1) U.S. pension or other 
employee benefit plans subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement plans); (2) U.S. plans or accounts subject to Section 
4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as IRAs or Keoghs); (3) entities 
deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans described in the preceding bullets (such as certain hedge funds 
that manage ERISA assets); or (4) fiduciaries that otherwise manage or handle the assets of any of the plans 
or entities described in Items 1-3. Each Plan Investor hereby represents and warrants as follows: 
(Please Check "Yes" or "No" as Applicable) 
1. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, that is subject to Title I of ERISA; (ii) a "plan" within 
the meaning of Section 4975(eX I) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code; 
or (iii) any other entity or account that is deemed under applicable law to hold the assets of 
a plan described in (i) or (ii). 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
2. 
The Plan Investor represents that it is, or is acting on behalf of, a person or entity the 
underlying assets of which are "plan assets" within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
K 
Yes. 
The Plan Investor holds "plan assets" and the percentage of 
interests in the Plan Investor held by benefits plan investors, 
determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA is 
K 
No. 
None of the Plan Investor's assets arc "plan assets" within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
IF AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE PARTNERSHIP, THE 
FOREGOING REPRESENTATION BECOMES INACCURATE, 
THE PLAN 
INVESTOR WILL NOTIFY THE PARTNERSHIP IMMEDIATELY. 
3. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behal f of: (i) a "governmental plan," within the meaning 
of Section 3(32) of ERISA; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity 
in which such a governmental plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a 
governmental plan holds an interest sufficient to subject the entity to applicable state or 
local law governing governmental plans. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
4. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "church plan" within the meaning of 
Section 3(33) of ERISA with respect to which no election has been made under 
Section 410(d) of the Code; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity 
in which such a church plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a church plan holds 
an interest sufficient to subject the entity to the rules and policies governing the sponsoring 
church. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN71AL 
E- I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039419 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185603 
EFTA01354821

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354822.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354822.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS126 Gerald Ford 
If the Plan Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing questions in this Exhibit E, 
please contact the General Partner immediately. 
5. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of, an "employee benefit plan" which is 
organized outside of the United States. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
6. 
If the Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor represents and warrants 
that, except as otherwise disclosed to the Partnership, the participants in such employee 
benefit plan or plan are not permitted to self-direct investments. If the participants in such 
employee benefit plan or plan are permitted to self-direct investments, more information 
may be required. Please contact iCapital for further instruction. 
7. 
If the undersigned Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor hereby 
represents and warrants to and agrees with the Partnership that: 
(a) The decision to invest assets of the Investor in the Partnership was made by fiduciaries 
independent of the General Partner or the Administrator and any placement agent, which 
parties are duly authorized to make such investment decisions and who have not relied on 
any advice or recommendation of the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement 
agent or any of their respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, 
directors, agents, representatives or Affiliates; 
(b) None of the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or any of their 
respective employees, representatives, agents or Affiliates has exercised any discretionary 
authority or control with respect to the Investor's investment in the Partnership. nor have 
the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or any of their respective 
partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents, representatives or 
Affiliates rendered individualized investment advice to the Investor based upon the 
Investor's investment policies or strategy, overall portfolio composition or diversification; 
and 
(c) The tenns of the Partnership Agreement or other organizational document, including 
all exhibits and attachments thereto, comply with the Investor's governing instruments and 
applicable laws governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly advise the General 
Partner or the Administrator in writing of any changes in any governing law or any 
regulations or interpretations thereunder affecting the duties, responsibilities, liabilities or 
obligations of the Partnership, the General Partner or the Administrator or any of their 
respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents or 
Affiliates. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
E-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039420 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185604 
EFTA01354822

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354823.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354823.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Exhibit F 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. and its affiliates, iCapital Advisors, LLC and iCapital 
Securities, LLC 
NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Pursuant to Regulation P, 12 C.F.R. 1016 (`•Regulation Ir) adopted by the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau, institutions that provide certain financial products or services to individuals to be used 
for personal, family, or household purposes are required to provide written notices to their customers 
regarding disclosure of nonpublic personal information. We have been advised that we may be subject to 
such requirement. This notice is being provided to you to comply with Regulation P so that you will know 
the type of information we collect about you and the circumstances in which the information may be 
disclosed to third parties. 
In order to accurately and efficiently conduct each fund's investment program, we must collect and 
maintain certain non-public information about you and the fund's other investors. We understand that it is 
our obligation to maintain the confidentiality of this information. As a consequence, we do not disclose 
any nonpublic personal information about our investors or former investors to anyone other than our 
affiliates, investors, service providers, counterparties and employees, except as permitted by law. The 
following describes how non-public information about you and the fund's other investors may be disclosed 
to such persons. 
We may provide limited personally-identifiable financial information such as a schedule of 
investors and capital account information, to all investors in each specific partnership. Certain of our 
investors may retain consultants who receive this information on their behalf. 
We collect, and may disclose to our affiliates and service providers (e.g., our attorneys, accountants, 
lending institutions and entities that assist us with the distribution of stock to our investors) on a -need to 
know" basis, certain nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources: 
Information we receive from you as set forth in your subscription agreement, investor questionnaire 
or similar forms, such as your name, address, and social security or tax identification number; and 
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates and service providers, or others. such as 
your participation in our fund, such as your capital account balance, contributions and distributions and, in 
the case of an investor that is an individual retirement account, information with regard to such account. 
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to 
know that information to provide services to the fund and its investors. We maintain physical, electronic, 
and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information. In addition, we will continue to 
assess new technology for protecting information with regard to our investors. If we have your consent, 
we may also share your personal information with entities other than our affiliates and service providers. 
We will provide notice of our privacy policy annually, as long as you maintain an investment with 
us. The policy may change from time to time, but you can always review our current policy by asking us 
for a copy. 
Should you have any questions regarding the above, please contact Investor Relations at 
ira icapitalnetwork .com. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
G-1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039421 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185605 
EFTA01354823

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354824.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354824.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL 
DEMOCRATIZING
I
E
NETWORK 
INVESTMENTS 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV (US), L.P. 
v` a' Cain
ACCESS & UNDERLYING FUND TERMS 
ACCESS FUND 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.). L.P. 
GENERA' PAPTNER 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLG 
ItiVESTIAENT 
NA.WP 
Capital Advisors. ILC 
STRUCTURE 
Delon* LinItied Partnership 
STRArErok' 
The Access Fund wil nest 
Underlying Fund 
MINIMUM GOMI-111 ME r 1 t 
$250.000 
tanbally eV of its *wettable ra-tetS into the 
EI.IND TERM 
The Access Fund will continue in existence Mrough the one-year arnweesary 
of the dissolution of the Underlying Fc
 (and accordingly. shall extend 
&Somatically upon the extension of the Underlying Funds term). with two 
additions! one year optional extension periods at the discretion of as Generic 
Partner 
CAPITAL CALLS 
Generally upon 7 business days notice 
Rr Pcti:rINKI 
Oserterly reports. capital account statements and year-end auckted (vandal 
statement?. 
PLACEMENT FEE 
Up to 200% Payable to OBSI a an affiliate thereof' 
MANAGEMEFIT FEE 
<$3 Mit 
1.00% 
$3 - <$5 Mil 
$5 Miles 
0.25% 
075% 
I 
0.75% 
0.60% 
0.25% 
CARRIED INTERE:S 
No additional caned interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
SLIRSEe,)UENT CI. ()SING FEE 
f 
FIRST Cl On( 
Same as the Underlying Fund. including Min:Mx:Dom nada by corder investors 
for fees and expense?. of the Feeder 
UNDERLYING FUND 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
G€NERAL.. PARTNER 
Glendower Capital UP 
INVESTMENT MANAGER 
Glendower Capital SOF N (GP) Limited 
St PUG LURE 
Engish Private Fund Limited Partneeshp 
STRATEGY 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary men et global,
NUIIMUM COMM! T MEM 
$5 million 
FUND TERM 
years from the date of the Uisdedymg Fuld's Fos& Actnsvon Date plus up to 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions we at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF IV 
advisory committee) 
CA1)1 1 Al..
S 
For the p.eposes of *axing investments and/or paying expenses: generally iron 
tit railetS days prior written notice 
INVESTMENT PERK>D 
Four years from the Underlying Fund:: Fxnnl Adm.v,:on Date 
REPORTING 
Audited anaual accounts as wed as irais.itittd Quarterly fraraCial `statements 
(2nd and 3rd Quarters only) and unaudited Quarterly capital &COW,: Statements 
mA 1A6 EME NT FEE. 
Net of 15 basis pined discount egairar Underlying Fund fees reserved for Actep 
fund onfr 
1:VECit,•IENT (Erk:0 
1.10% of Ccamited Cennal' 
Two 'YEARS AFT ER THE P40 OE Tr, E IINi S 
ENT ;.e:PuZ,D 
095% of Wasted Capital' 
THEPEAFTE.R THROUGH THE ENO OF ME Euro ?EON 
The greater of 90% of previous yew and 0 25% of Invested Coate 
CARRIED :NTE!RE.£-T 
12.50%afteren800%preforred rower witha100%0P oftch-up and full CIW/bda 
SUBSECeUENT CLOSII IG FEE OF NOT FIRST' CLOSE) 
Monet of (a) Date-Month USD LIBOR ph.ts 2.00% and (b) 8.00% 
'Nen, AU.M4 FJNI Idµ r..' rename 
Fie SA 
N1SULet*, ma WS. sat S.SW.xa t.tStOsi M tha tjiMaelsyi Stsd, 
iii rAxmeheon•nntsnao raran ra to motorail.* tin bran oroaltal ,o en, Ise rera, firSUCO* pogynes 
rroly rent* Owed earls Ste SO', :Pp n tip inninded rimsirat aal rimy net c• 
rated once. ei Ire Iran re Ira* mx x it-marmot trate or tea, .wfer "'tetra e saitcittice. of en rats team rev sweeties Ce 'I-twists-set smooch rawest L. reran .t raves ',Mato of cora* 
sit hu tecoMati Incoota mows MM. era. So MSS SOIL:art o r CterieiSti peivw ram.y..#-± ow.)..uandtan s-vs the :Cf..-tc•Sta: -W4g6ri 
Saturnus wteh sea to/histiara, to 
tattooists*" vreelte'S Of. A coredratal tamvl Mitt *Weft revs) Inttlgtiff lilltrynejbon egw.rne.9 
woo Er.'Ssrk.%i yealy....Ss.. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039422 
SDNY GM_00185606 
EFTA01354824

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354825.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354825.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPOR FUNI I IES IV (U.S.). LP 
END NOTES 
Note, Investors In the Access Fund will to subject to fees, expenses and performance compensation of the Underlying Fund In ackellors to the Access Fund Fee and Ames 
expenses and will experience lower returns than investors committing directly to the Underlying Find as a result of the fees and expenses associated with an Investment in 
the Access Fund. OSS' will receive an additional Too, directly or indirectly from the Underlying Fund (or as affiliates aorta«) 
Find Minn:ear , Date Mat norm the ;ask day ol the toliteentn calendar month forlownno the month et whom trre Innad Closing actin 
Or ',An opt. dere as øeterril,ned ty; 
the Genteel *flea 
and COriumerd ro by fee Acfc 
COmMåt tet 
Dint m it, sole cliseretron reserves the right to wane all or any portion of tha Placement Foe bergabe by any oarecuir Linseed Partner 
The Accts. Fund Management Fee will be split between Capital AktriSCfS end OBSI with a substantial portion rebelled to DISSI Pete 
see the 'duvet* Ftasement 
Ilaniorandum of the Access Fund for Kidney clarinets -, 
Ceiconstron bests • Limited Partners capital contentment. 
b 
Coe:silk-en bind = knested Capital es fully defined in the Underlying Fuel LPA (pareedly. kneeled Crditel at the Verclenying Fund is the aneroid of cednel invested in 
irrantmges ord the remaining ordonled Croligations reasonably reserved for such Investments ) 
Investors making e svisscription equal to or great!,  Men 45 million hare the option 
incetind dereCtly nt...; the Untenerdig Fund a' the Underlyre Reefs dincreekån ^fly 
defect ~Mori 
will ni-ot to.tarte this IS bor. a.scoont, against management for. from the Underlying Fund investors who cat! 
directly in.(' me Underlying Fend will rot ba 
sorriest to Access Find empresses. 
Neia. OBsi /co acts as placement agent 
he lirsderiying Find and wili receive related mr being fees Pities* see the Private Pacernens elemoirdran of Me Access Fora for 
(unbar informants. Neither Glendaser Capital, LIP nor reel:inn! Att.». s, LIlt an: delisted ungt DA.A. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
he 'Namstan 
contarral harem (Mrs lareostation) 
is for repneerenci and chwinr:bn ouooses orgy and is not. and may not be robed on in any nearer 
loPP, tax or 
nvestment sots e, any reammeedation of °gallon regrodin9 the eolPerin nlynell 
lutalPffer or any Investment or strategy. or as an uric to sell or a salicibstien of an offer 
to tun ea abt, +it =1 Olendower Caned .5e:carboy OptertsneteS Furd 
U' (tic "Linriedyiro Furor) 
Cdtrekiveer ArCeii Seconder? Oceaorbeirre I W (AS). LP (Me 'ecertIl 
NOW) A. Private offering or •Vereg.ta in the Access Fund win be made an y nuts.relt ro too Access Funes Private Placement MtmoiarduM (the -Offering Memorandum"). when 
wdl be furuaret onn: ra di~ed 
peOSS)9CINO:nVOItOn on a Zen, dential basis. The Presentation is encirf red in its entirety by rate:~ 
to the Offering teemorarehen, vetch 
contains moredetailed inloi manor. about the Access Fuses investment derriere. tarm: ed *retaken and dia contains tax information and ink clitiosures that are ninon:on 
to any in vntrrrtnt deCebOr›teswd.rq the ACCess 
pereorhe, been aufeccireo to mat.? WI,/ smerntrot concerning the Accred Fond other than ss set forth et the Offering 
Pernenendurn and env such statements. if made, ma,  not te stied upon. The inIcyrnation contained herein most be kept strictly confident/et and stay nat be reproduced or 
redarrlboted in rsy format without ens eboroval of the (rented Frew< of the Access Fad a -either:ventral Prints of tee ~lye* 
Furl 
1173 Prcentation. other then the daserioner of the Acceao Ford Tarns. Wen not creased 'at the Abress Fond zni does rot et-nerd:a an invest:eat rn the Access Fund. There 
are important differences between the Acorn Fund and the lindei lying Fund described et the Pnisentollon. An crestment et the Access Fund is not sorters* for as unestord. 
Pro ;twin, cankeel , Vital Do awaio :het inesstrng rn eltes ecor 
Fud smerves neigh Oedema tide Terre Can be IN) aSSI.W.V•te to t ^vt 4CO11; Fufd o see Vigtedying Ford 
sod bdwra; trait investment ohineires or that investors vell roans. a when on that caned 
The pond:arty of partid or total loss of Crick,' Will exist and prospective investors 
man be rmeratrad 10 hear capita! 'awes that may resit from irnestmeras. tilers wa be restrictions on trandeinno interests tr. tee Access Fund. investments may be kcal aged 
end the Coeditors! ixiffennance may be yid 
Perloie &biding to cow in the Pace:is Fad, Prow...rare woncirort ilvald reed the Oflei ing !lemur Seidman and bey pat -adds 
ettenti,3,4)06RiVr llama contained oxeeo The fees and esoentes dsarcrtd lusen wivestment in the .sisteel Fund may be higher theintht few and expenses Ol other insiestment 
alternatives and may offset pnstrts 
Both the Access Fund >act tnt ~lying 
adiniraStiatne or mangelsent fees. <us:octal xi:An:silting text other service fees. 
onownwinco iglocancnis ana Othei *N5anSce; tnat 
tr, ..8110i$ trodd nitre da &wired atiiiity and ....nodose:: to accept tnt isk chnrectonstics of the Accat; 
Fund's investments. Potential confIcts of interest may arise between the Genial Platelet end the Lientsd Partner,. lo ch conflicts ol intern: are deigned 
new filly in the 
Offering fauna ancorn 
In contdanng sly pipicymanoe nytte can
 ir. the gm-pribItian. }vu should bevy n mind Met pad or targeted ptificarence is 04: Wicket .. al fixt:r0 niaitS and r tore can 
be no alltgaCAT that the limas: Ford or the redrelying Fund will atheave cornpaiable results. Prospective investors should also bear n mind that past or targeted ozAlfc4-., 
chracteristes re not wocatwe Cd lutwe opitfolio eharaCteiStka end here cio 1 be )o assure* 
that any hand will have consomelle portfolio character rites at that target 
ossrUcto I:hermit istics will tie actrecel 
Tngt Vain Of eineenYee‘n Can ,» down as, %NW! el 1,5,. In antitom. there <an be rW assaaixe the: unlearned investments vat 
re red 
ar the getguationG showgin a; rictus realized returns will depend Oft among other fierce% future operating results the value of the assets and makes cocoas's-is at tre time of 
disposition any *wed tmosection costs. and the timing or d malier of sago. cl of which nosy be afferent flow. the risiy-.~ns 
nr wi-rch the wiled:ions contained twain ate 
crated IRRs presented one 'gross" ham do not reflect eny mystic -mesa lees cal 'tad proleier.l. Imes and Sicce:Ns *menses tome by nesters:. when in the aggregate may be 
%An! ants; lb,stlorb. actual bark,rwet 
of the Undo vein  Fund after ~Lehrer of such fees end rugerat; worAd be Power !hand", (Foss Performance reflected in ties 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039423 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185607 
EFTA01354825

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354826.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354826.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY ()WORT UNI 11ES IV (U.S.). L.P. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
Presersestem Further. :Ma 
in the Atoms Fund we, expo recce IC,Ver fetter+, nen nelson cisernittenu Orem!, to the Underlying Fins as a result of the es:titer-HI fees and 
co panses assocWecl wen an investment in tre Access Find riot tire conteree neren Mould be deemed to le oreectice or I:reject:xi of future polcernente of the Underlying 
Fund or the Acorn Fund 
NOTE: Historical returns presented hmen do nod include any fees and °menses that would be aesSOCHtee withal investment in the Aeons Fund. which would have the effect 
of lowering the net returns experienced by an Investor 
Bench-harks are financial irssices are shown Ior F;ttrath* outisoles only aril ate urovisksd for the our pose of making enteral market data available as a noire of rolererce oriv. 
sme teeneeireysi art f wg,tx 
may hot Ps 0,1,444 tar 4: eel eiyesueee. may be unmanaged. mourn Helve Amen! of trna)ine. C.) not reflect the impact of any ;retire 
ccenmssens and enstn. management Cw peen). n nice Inn. and have limAntons %Men used for comparison or other ragilO5/1 because they, among cern. reascos may hove 
diffirerc tredve strategy. waSetnly cremator c11
 materiel dierecteirstios 
resainentatice is made tnst ai banchrisark or eclea nen eeproonste retain 
for comµeisrr  .
Akeoriative investments often ye scrocidatne ed irclurty a Men degree of rut imeston could Ease all or e substantial amount of their investment Affair:Ore miestments are 
datable orgy for depot:. sare-MIIIIImotstots who we willing to forgo haughty axe ran capital ce risk ter an exlelinim oar' xt of rime They may be higny 'Mudd and can neap: in 
Ott xie and other spetverthe DiaCtiCeS that ray increase the VCCobi:ty and ':5? 
?MS. fatarlataart worestmene tycocally hem tt
ner fees then &Stone inn-unmet. Invest," 
dryad carefully nouns ant consider DOteriaal rdks before inve5ting Contain ot Mete nil's may include but are rat Ihmhted to 
• Lost of near I.itStanbal Dorton of the award moil can to iihnknging_ SPOlt-lelling, or odor speculative. tuxtrots, 
• 
Lack of liquety 
that there may bents secondary menet for a fund 
• 
Volatility anthem 
• 
Restrictions cn tiansferme inteette es a lug 
• 
Potential led( fA dirersiliCatkan and retorting nurser nsk (kin to Oorcenbert on of :feeding Outlet*/ 
wren a sung? enf•naa is inlet; 
AbseaCe O4 infnmerunn *WOWS 
ValiatiOn. int poCing: 
• 
Corresio tar structure-sand detays in ten mooning: 
• 
Less resmiaticH and !with, fees than mutual funds: end 
• R sks associated wen I he operations. part meet sot proem: is of the mere!. 
Purchaser: of interests will be linseed pettier: in the Access Fund and will not be limited partner: of the Uncentre Fund will have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund will 
new no ‘.oting rights:es the Unbar vying Fundect wig rove no st sr rgc itahele ejahlt tre tknierlying Fund or Mee:mineral Polon or Manager of tne Underlying Rothe their 
micective off Reis. directors members, Panoi05. shareholckes or employe%.agWdsCr affiliates to are officio. arectOt member, seetnen stsettolden fenagree w agent of any 
sigh athlete) In. offering of tow's.. n not eta slimed not be considered an off (*nog of loomed swum inetersis in inn Uncle, tang Furwi. Yor comer. none of the Aness Fund. 
the General Partner of the Access Fund Or any of tree respective affiliates ties 114 tight to participate in the control, management Cr our merit of the Unlettered Ford co haS 
ar t  Cbswle:nn eve tha nuesewnent ist vie ord.:mon; gird eon-. the Access Fund art Pe Unclelying Funo Impose administrate, or monegarrent veer. cust,x1,,si te:,th,flong 
endother senba fors, performance allocabans and otter reponse, that will reduce returns. Returns to Misted petters o the Access Fund will be ewer than 0,74.11 ton a . ,TC.t 
nennitnt in the Undo: li ne Fund. !Copt& Advisors. LLE. a nouchoy of institutional Caortel Network kx. ;ti/bia iCaptai Network), is an insostnent Sever registered with 
tr. US. Senior it; and Excleree CorniTtS Oh ('SEC') The regi grabens and a'acahkishioi alums M ro way imply mat the SEC lel endow: :he *Men. ceocce s o her ten; 
discussed Wein Acklitmeol Information H availaole upon request 
iCapital 
7C;1(121'. 
212 .?;14 
tttatcapitalnetyrtur kLutri 
I etwvacapittilitetntek.SOen 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039424 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185608 
EFTA01354826

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354827.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354827.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower 
Capital 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Offering 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 1P1 ("S0F IV" or the "Fund") is 
being formed by Glendower Capital ("GC"): 
• An independent secondary manager spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management in August 2017 
• fully owned by its partners who worked together for IS years 
• Established 23-strong team with US$3 billion in total client assets and offices in London arc New York 
Glendower's mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
• Strung IN, yout•like performance with an attractive risk profile. earn/ cash flows, arw negligible loss ratio 
• Mature program at 1.7x TVPI and >20% Net IRR and overall program at 1.Sx TVPI and 23% Net IRIV 
SOF IV will continue the successful secondary strategy pursued since 2006: 
• Aiming to build a globally C iversif led portfolio of seasoned funds, GP-let transactions anc 
co-investments on the secondary market 
• Value creation through in-cepth fundamental analysis as opposec to creel structuring 
• Seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior lunc 
Fund key terms30
Target size: 
USS1.75 billion 
Currency: 
US$ 
Investment Period: 
years Iron., final closing 
Term: 
years - extensions (5xlyear( 
Structure: 
English I.. P. 
General partner share: 
Strong and consistent track record2
• 1.25% p.a. of cor rnitmert:s during 
Investment Period 
lurd 
sOF 
SC+ D' 
Sc.,' 
Sc'Sc{Iii 
14,21 
vnaer 
2006 
2010 
2011 
7014 
• 1.00% pa. of Invested Capital1l in 
fonttopmenesto5r, 
Further 
thoretscepj 
US$S65r 
thannungj 
US$14/r 
(monolog) 
OS$614m 
(rarrystor) 
GS$1.654r 
US$2.4Sern 
the following two years 
• "hereafter greater of 90% of 
Tr4r-auers. %or% corp4ron't 
111 154/ :.774 
108/193 
29/75/737 
15/ 149 / 2,837 
previous year and 0.25% of 
her roult4:4e (TWO 
lax 
3x 
15o 
13x 
5. 
Invested Capital 
6suibutr0(DPO 
lax 
Ix 
1.h 
0.34 
094 
Carried Interest: 
Net IRR 
22% 
2916 
20% 
30% 
23% 
12.5% or a whole fund basis 
Praire; car trib.ted capr.31 
76% 
51% 
12% 
44% 
Hurdle rate: 
Consistent top returns among peers: 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performancew 
pa:WES 
SA.03.;:e. y 'void Ne:inultilk to kruted pig:WO 
nro•Ift 
l! 
. 
ie
w
r 
A
y
r 
i. 
t, 
a 
:4 
%di 
nn. s> 
:kr II. 
Woo 
01•6). 
7?pi:; cf,x.;rrtorit. rt,g, (iv lw rOi...reo 
Aztrerto: Mvest,;+: 
Qui26(..:d f :in:1;430n Th,s nv..:O,:oi IS ;zr.‘) 
tC .•, 
e• LX :aro 'nay onik r•-• eitii 
rkr.e. 
s;:f 
.; 
-at. St;.:ty 
lc? 
ifr:.• 
o'f 1.!` p 3 ji>. 
:nftirma.V-: PD$t pefformonce b not an 
fiisli0rite of futweresete. 
8% 
Team commitment: 
Min 1% of total fund size 
Contacts: 
Caro Pirzio-E;roli 
Managirp, Partner & CEO 
+44.2C-&947-7CC1 
carlo.oezioibirotifaglerdowercaraital.corn 
Cnyles &min 
Managing Partner & CIO 
444.2C-3947.70C2 
charges sritthre)glendowercaoital corn 
Joshua C 6 aser 
Partner. Client Relaticrs 
+1-212-653.8702 
josh glasergglendowercaoita:scm 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039425 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185609 
EFTA01354827

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354828.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354828.pdf
----------------------------------------
Strictly Cor 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP. 
Distinctive investment strategy12
Glendower will target globally, but primarily in the US and Europe, three types of investment: 
• Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in existing private ad uity funds: 
• GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than traditional Fund Secondaries, and induce spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, 
asset lieu ida t ions, and LP tenders; and 
• SingleAsset Deals into indivicual private equity companies, either at the time of the original acquisition, or tater from an investor seeking early
.
 hquidity. 
Glendower's portfolio construction follows an opportunistic barbell approach adjusted to market cycles by dialing up: 
• Discounted Fund Secondaries during market corrections I58% of transactions since inception) 
• Less competitive GP-led Secondaries and off-market Co-investments during normalized market conditions(42% of transactions since inception) 
Identify Nat compeddva dials 
• tiS$40maveragedeal size 
• Smaller uS55.100n fund ponfolos 
• kid sue USS1O3-250mGP led deals 
Focus on effident portfolio 
construction 
• NoIt:nage at trar sachor Irvel and limited at 
ponfaolevel 
• Hedging to mitigate 50.603Cof currency 
volatility 
• Pardee° diversified across a 35 deals to seek 
to mitigate90%• of nonmarketriska 
Pursues Seedy% true value 
approach 
• transacted 1% of total metre by value 
• Mid-sized alpha value rvestorvs large levered 
beta play 
• Value creation through in depth fundamental 
anSysisso dealstructuring 
Buy margin dialog 
Purchased 350,  mature fund interests at a 
discountover 10 years: 
• Average HA diSeOunt toFMV 
• ketrage `SOU funded at time of entry 
Established Investment Team Active In the Secondary Market Since 200314
• 23-strong team expected to grow to 26-28 by 1 I ; 
• 16 investment professionals with an average of 12 years of relevant experience 
Carlo Pinto-tarok 
Managing Partner, CEO — London 
Deutsche Bank; CDS Web Tech; 
General Electric; The Boston 
Consulting Group it
Deirdre Davin 
Partnar,COO - London 
Deutsche Bank ABNAmr0; 
KPMG 
Relevant rears of experience 
Charles Smith 
CO Tr 
Managing Partner, CIO - London 
Deutsche Bonk; Bankers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
Joshua Glaser 
II& 
Partner, Client Coverage— New York 
Delibelle Bunt; 
Cup:tol; forum 
Copilot OBC Oppenheimer 
Adam Graey 
fri 
diE 
Partner-New York 
Deutsche Bonk; Pomona; Lehman 
&others; ChotterfeilSoms; Cowen 
eons Olmos 
®t 
Managing Director — London 
AD.A; UBS; Deobchr Bunk; Ortla 
Suisse 
Chi Cheung 
eft 
le -
Partner-London 
Deutsche Bonk 
Francesco R 
mom' 
Senior Advisor — London 
Div./Tsar Bonk; Golto & Co 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039426 
SDNY GM_00165610 
EFTA01354828

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354829.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP.
Endnotes 
(I) Glendower Capital Secondary 4 , ortunities Fun:ill/. LP. rs:JF re or the Ifunti..) being ferrne.:; 
.31+r:dower Capital LIP eGiergicieri, an app....imed 
repiefena ative of Mirabella AMbers LIP, which is authorised and regulated by the Unite: kingdoen finandalConcyciALtlysity 
U) Mature funds iiicludir ,or. SO(' 
anr, >OF It; °reran $OF Prette Iffelf.Cfr; sor, Stir F.),50f Ir an, SOF id Perforntanee figure.; hare been calculated based 
on the unaudited pertrxmars:e results of SOF. SOF D, SOF It a DC SO! PI as of September XI, 2017 and should he read art renewed in c:ajtaletIon with 
the ireird.ortara. trifoneation" arc 'Notes to inve,:tnient Performance infornaition- :actions of this iine.fanefil. QI,x,s mote are taos: of fern:, eapenses 
and carried interest. Net performance reflects teieanis net et expense:, tees ane (at r ien interest. Past pederMantat is not a Preeichon of the future 
pedurranee of ser, SOF D..OF It V 501 bl but r:, inducer, to evnor*-uatir Lite track newt:, c1 the Gleiw:fay..e: Team and the, can be re; 
that. 
SOF ri will a:hieve corr.paratile cetbes, 
ltj sor 0 b 
roCeriominatec ne Consrerneeat the ieptii:rotear ;XL 2017 ritialuSS rate et 1.1821, 
(4) 
Bath SOT tral SOF D are Mvestec in the Daiirry.i Pvtfolio —a well (Intranet: portfolio or 28 private en ut funds porcte:ed through an WV, providing 
enmsuie r, ,uy.ut, special situations. yentorr tamitai 
.enel estate yl steg..: el North Autka. Europe arxt Asia- Pet rgatiber Cl lute% and corm Imes 
is a best estIn'ate and shows the aggregate of earl, deal at dosing ane may induce some double counting. 
($) Source: Cambridge Asst.clates Seconnars Penchtna:k st*ti:xles 
of September 30, 2-417 bate: on data corripl
- from 140 tennar, funds with a 
minina;ni of 8 fens per year, inducing dotty linsitatet partnerehips, formed between 2004 and 414 Each SOF Fund is slKiwn benchinarked against their 
leSaet:tn‘e‘'IntalitPeer StooP. Thrs irde/rnakk.in &err. 3 cornP3reOn of .or,SOF D..,:or It and aur 
peainnararnor agaired rime '
,.notel'. coy; cuaniles 
may Miler when compared to other herichmarkira sources $OF. 501 0, SOF It and SOF ill cat-4 b 
included in the data set used lo calculate the 
benchmark 43ta. 
(6) intonnation presented in this chart is based or; the ',new:A.:el result: of SOP, SOf 0, SOP II ant; SOF III as of September 30. n17 and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunaion wdh the "import
itinfermation- and "Motel: toff:vestment Performance Intormien. sect ions et thisdocument 
(n Past Performance Is NE a fireeiCtIC•n et the future pert:crrance of 'Jr. SOT 0, 501 li or 501 la but is inclunste to demonstrate the pad, 
pse 
Glendower fear;. 
(a) Internal rates Of returns are net of fen eAperees and cameo interest.. Cambridge Asn.,clates research shows that mast. funds take at least Ni% years b) 
settle unt:: their final be:Wile ranking, ank prearmis to this settlir , they typically rant if; nether ricattiles, therefore fi:nd or tuatlenvok pef 
metrics from nwre recent vintage years may be le:: meaningful Median it; the mrodle fund IP.R of the group al Mt iisfilltAl lund Wks included in a vintage 
;ex 0.ninirr.urn S rureis]. Upper; klwer eta:rite are the thresholds tor the upp#r (top ≥S%) are:, klover llcitorn Ski :art 
haset on the inclit4aual 
IRR: included 1n a vintage year and are see in conjunction with the mettar to determine reartile placement {minimum B fur.dsi 
(9) 
Distributions to Paie.in Capital iWPI s Resiatel Van e to Paid-In Capital: :bete Total rf ar.ri st to epic.," car,IrsIrjpE, nyp! and DPI are pooled return 
ifeillf831 18 all cash flows and ending. Wei:sin3 :ample to calculate a cicano•we.Eyded ripsen 
10) Please read the confewrabl private placement rreerre:fan•um et the Fus 
'Memorandum") Ice Ina rill cibckeure or ntk factries. conflicts of kilernit 
cornpkite terms. and regulatory and tax et/racier:Atom' of the Fund. For limber disclosure of fees, such as fees am expenses paid by the rune, please 
rater ro the Merneraneum, tran anetuna: and restated rennet partnership agreement and.i the teed of adherent at tne rurei 
itch doz.:merit: afe in 
the proem,: of beina prepared am: will Ild marg available to taccpeetive investors upon rett;b::t. 
(11.) myertei.. Capital 6 the amount of ....betel mvestced t. itweitnierits. and the retnaineig onfinsted obi:gat:um reasonably teserved t' Glen.kreter or seeth 
irwestmenta 
f 1'1 is of r.teptenste,r 30, 20%7. Thpre C3f:bn nc-ayynfance that tl- tstrategyssin 
succerztulki the future, or that losses will be 31:044?t, 
(1 
t.curce.Gendewer's astestment basee cab portto8o management theory 
(141 As of Septeietw 30, 2017. Peri..c sirhe2IX),3inclueres time:mein by member:et lhecøesericr management leeirn at Deutsche Bank. 
Key Definitions 
^Sinale Arver Dear meansan investment by the rorc (directly or indirectly) in a Nikkei) company eh:fly:tie Ube ei more ornate acuity luna sponsors (and 
anyfOliOsYfOn inVeillnYlIZS in any ;:uthmuestiner-I. but not inclueew 
Sec enemy) Zr, refs....0,1;w., de te;nni~ ie; the Manager as the vantext recur:es 
"Fund Secondary' means fa", an interest held tireetry or incirectly by the Fund in a generalist or specialist private ebuitv fun structure (inducing a ft nd 
tunes, teeder hit or other similar sbucture) rideirer in a rcan,ialorw transaction :•r (hl 3 portfolio et such yttererts at Lied 11 a single transaction, in each 
raze as reasonably cetermined by the Manager as the context rormres. provided that any interest referred to in clause fat shall be in a lure stri ett re that 
either has at:Investment pence that is expired (other than for (eaose->n investments) Cr as Brawn town c committee to Invest at least SOM et its acgrngate 
Corrine merits, ane prouFdec that any Netnose of interesLt relerree ta ism ecae.: (bi ;bait be 
structures tal if; the aggregate rare drawn down or 
fiernInitl.fit to invest id. kast yak of their aggre.?ate ceneriltrnerirs, provided further that the aggregate ,:ortehitriterit: of any fund structure that has an 
Investment stenot tr:::z G -tpiNi; fisher than ror følkl*.rg,;(:,•tastriwrq shall he cteins.d to erdial INC 3frieS:111 dt?..6V,‘ down in surt: hat stnAzta4; and 
ProMe<1. (uruer, [hata rt; 
Se«:ndaty shall rot alto be ceterrnIned to be an Early Stage inve5tretent. 
N5f)-Ied f.*:cretary- mean: a!) imesurent inteeest heal by lire Feria (directly or Mare:Let) nikake equity turf.: sirett ore 
part aa;i0 at direct pdvate acuity 
asset: through bespoke licutc ay solutions (arri any follmv-on invtnsents in any st ch investment interest. ilt t not inducing any Co-Ineest went) as reazona bly 
,:Kerrnzred by the Manager at the ccenext eef;IfirS. 
":10F" mean:: OB Sec.:*ridary i)ppert unit ies runn. A, I P.. DI) Secorwiery Oppertimbles rune B. t.P. ,Inc t•ft Secnocary Onportenitlez Ford C, Lp 
'SOF Er means EiEtfertorreary OpixetcriitierFonr 0. I. P 
7,011r cd-IS IIEteconcl>iryOppcetyniti+F. Fur< il. LP 
zor 
"par, :mS(5.41:141r,' OppOriffnilinif rund 111, lP 
17,0P 
'SOF Program.- or ltorecrilarYOracrtirtritres Ferret- means SOF, Siff O, SUF II are; SOF 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039427 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185611 
EFTA01354829

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354830.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L 
Important Information (1/2) 
'i lire confidentiat presentation (this tresentetion) 6 tieing CerrOint,n,C3Let` Loa limiter: number of sophisticated pectin (each. a "Recipieilti by Gerrit:cheer 
Cepilal LIP ("Otte/asset') (an appomtve representative or Mit:stet:a Adviser:ILI, which ill eethoi <ec arm tete:tat& by the thiir.eti Yineterni Financial Conduct 
Authority) fit the pnrpcse of prostate certain summary information about caftan eristing ant. future funds arc ar.r.ke.fitl that are managed or aevisec by 
Glensiower, iticketrig m cont rcie,e with 'you evaluation of a potential itiverinwei in tie fund to be lebusini m Cs'
iteesiter Capital Secoreiary Cen.e.irienities 
Pure iv. LP (the tune') The enc.:4141h011 iell:lurittO in Oki Presentaticn Is beine mace available to P.ecipieres on a striim oink:tribal !Olt an; in*y not he 
disclosed 
discus:ea web are. person other than any Redpienes aftilites iY eirter:ioral acviyets wiso are bend by obligatient of conic entialey cri a need to 
know bast. Any past performance information herein b not neceserarily indicative of future rest ht and actual warm/lance may oder materially from any 
prory:the or forecasted nerforarame Tit Preset:13W° Is rot rilteriCed to !Orin the ba.so. of any irrSeclirreitt reclean 3nri neerfrinfirt (nett ri/t4 re,/ of !hill 
Presentation 3,; pan of any assessment of whether to subscribe for interests in the Fund This Presentation may not be met! for anc roes not constitute an 
offer to se, Ol 
Nr.4l0ttlIF.ln of any oiler to sebscribe for QF pl4CliaSe ;sly :M.:rests ur to eee4asse in any other tcartsaulter The alinrrrAlal inrhrs Preseiitatroit 
inter4:ed to facilltateelscutulen and is not ner:ecearily meaningfulor complete without such supplemental disci;:sion. 
Each Recipient shfiuld ultis4R its Own attorney. business ac.iset ant. tan anviser a: to legal, bvircrx, ap 4ccoi.oting ars; 'dates. fr.rstlerr, ahncanirrg [he 
ink/twat:on cciitaeter; heidi, ant': ally Itrtvre tiler.r4 of SOF IV. Neither Girt:coy:et, lelitabrirer Arybeir LIP not any of their resserctist affiliates makes arty 
repreurniabon or warranty to any Recipient (sewing tne legality Cr art investnsent in lee Fund, true ir4:etre or GO COnSei;Ler".ei. eX the !eh:ability of an 
investnent for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intone: for bistritel.a.m. ant shall rot be cistribeted. in any jurisdiction where such distribution would violate applicable securities 
laws. 
'ibis Pfts.otAton ma ' refer ter CeltrrIn *Venn: a< having Ottlifrilt and COr.urrientS as ba,kt been enter& into withes may nor hare occhaeti or been entered 
lino at the cote that ilia Presentation k niece laliaikAble Lt. I that Glatierawei expects will occur or be entered into thereafter 
nut Precenthlion IS not an offer to Sell, nor a siaticitatco of an offer to buy, any srrzurity, ere, may rot bet see or relict' upon in conr.ection with any offer or 
stalk:eatie; A private 011efirlij of interests in the rune will he Mace Only piirsuant to the offering ekes:menet for the 
ACCitiOrlal information 
abed 
itive::trnetit Objective. leirm; ark`. COI.Citifartar of an itiefeemera it. the FuiV. :slid at', contain IAA information ant' tisk disclosures 0'04 are in.extatit 
my inveetnent decision reeweiiite ere Fund. leo utfrion he: teen authofired to make airy statement cceicetning the furze 'Aker than asset kith in the °Petit* 
cor_urnentS ant any such stalerrientS, it mace, new nor be feriae uron The offering &currents will be furrilotiec to ciusatiec Invesme on :a corilicenthal has,: al 
their relhert.The inlyroationcantaine:; in Usk: Presentetesr. will be sereirsedet bV,Brl.liltetirahneii in its entirety by reference to. such oftenng 
An itiveeenteit in the rune will it malice significant risk. inducing loss of the entire investment. The interests in the Furor Will be 
as there t no seconuari 
;natant for letet este in ow n nO ;etc rive is serried& to clelaelOp. there will ter uesirictiore: 
transfenine interests in the rhritl hivestrnent tray be leveraged 
a& tray investment. performance may be volatile. Betel? 'le:tieing to if west in the fund, prospective investsfs sfee:lc read they:flee& niernorendurn a& pay 
c.artia.laf atientien te the Its far ter; &Maki& Pi the effering cocurnents Tne fear and tCpPnit3 thill14.11 in connectkil with en irriiistment ir, sex rend may 
than the tees and e n tom.e.... of oi l er i4ykelyeent OfterMniVeS and May Oise( proles. Investois Mithild have the flnanural Ability rine *queens: ie., to 
accept the risk charxterntes of the Func's investments. 
Potential con!lkts of inter.," may afire from the relationshc between Crenit Suisse Asset kilaroge.rnem timiten arid its atril
ez 4-Credit Lierssel, &ids is 
:oak* as the rbful'ii placement agent Creed Solze
 nit acting and will rot act as a munkipal advbxe within the meaning of Section (175 te the 0rxel-frank 
Wall 'Street Reform arei Cons( rner Protection Art am the fir is end regulations prcretegatee them:rte.:et 
nkmal Advisor Rule"). 
Any renrices, material, or intim:eat:on inet Crime Falisse pre:ties to a municipal entity or raftatec person as Cetinec by the Municipal Adveor Rule reawered 
Party. ) are0we/re& on an ar 011F. tingle, 0ink; ant not as an acetic{ 
licuclary to the Covered Party Coverec Parties stioulc reeisult. with their own internal arc 
eery nal eerwors before raking:it:tier wit!: ret:pect to any .iarNicat; tr.:sic:flat or infreanation orovlei& to them try 
SI.JVAP. Cretin SA,l‘Ce alto Will P2)t SOI1Ce 
a Covered Patty for direct or indirect compensation on behalf of an unaffiliated ins:inerant aeveer for the purpent. of obtaining or retaining an eine:isomer,* fir 
that iliW5l.inelit.ftiVirier by theCovered Party 
fernier: inorritrerenr. atiVi:lraty 
boor on behalf of the Cover& Party. 
fib Presentation contains information that ha:: been or may have been twenty: by a renter of sources ar4 
not been oncenenoeMlv verified Nothing 
containen herein shall constitute any tepresentation it warranty hit re) reSpOnSibility it fiabi ion iS accepted by Glendower. its affiliates or MirabatIla ALIvklelt 
LIP as to the accuraty or completeness*: any infornianon supplier.: herein. 
Unless otheirwlsyr ::laten, the ink:routes° in this Preserilatien has not been riucited or verifier, by an incepencent party, and sheulo rot be seen fill any 
i'sfeSer-I,ADO.' of cetuiret IAA might be eiekived 
The inform:Won contained herein rmrt de kept strictly re:of:demi:al and may not be repro:ince!: or nye:sitter: 
any foment sietn(nt. tem acl.roval ot the 
NOtratttanding the tnregning. each ItrotStOr and prospective investor (arc eac.h 
repleSerltaInte.Ce other agent ';her erg; tray ele:lose to any 
alto all perstee, wete)tit kinItaton of any gibe, the tax treatment and tax stri ettre re' thdi rEno -via its gnieslineritz: aril all trtaterlait: of any hire hricliganp 
opinions or other tax enalyees) that are rirovicec to sr. ch owestor or prospective investor relating to such tar treatment and tax structure, pro:iced, however, 
that sk.r.l, 0isckise re ;ball not itit.k4.ie the name fir other kenti(ying infi.Ltniation not relevant to the tax structure it tax treatment) of any person and shall:FA 
include information for which noten:clasure Is reasonably necessary in orre; to comply with applicable securities laws 
Past performance is not necessarily mi:cat:ye of future feria: and there can be no incur:marry :bat the Fine will achieve comparable reithet, that the return!: 
generate:; VI the Fiat,' will itotail or d'Arbeir those presentrn• herein or that tht FliFic will be able to lInplenerfirt its irfOrlAll'ent C.trOlettleS w el; hieVe its 
iriorarnerit obrectivre;. The Ferieu investment strategy anti applicable invertment , trictuo 
'nay dIler nom tier:* he:tem:ally irrnfAciyer, and econornic 
cons'..itioto trey Offer maternity from the contfitions :incise which any other investment erne or account Inanai.ed Cr devised by Glendower has invested. 
All statenwens or opinion anc / or belief C.OrltrlirleC in this Presentation arc all views expu.sser ern all 0lCper.LCIfIS, 
or statements relatinf& to 
eererctations retie:Atte fetsire eventS or the turseible future I:A-froimbue of the Nine reoineteGifineewer'n (Wile aV:Ari:Inert*Ilt 
.nivnAlicii 
available to 4 as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is mace or assurance given that such statement', views, protections or forecasts ate 
correct. OVA the objectives of Ow fiat-; will he athievee Pr dial investors 
receive a Tee; rn if  their capital 
azeinan, rPo re:pon5ibibly or liability yr enty of cane is of will be aceepted by Glericerwer Of its resorts:wt.athist& adsisers, eirectore ernieoyees or ewes 
for of:rating Uhl' Pferentation (Or any &Cinema inform atiOn). collecting airy ineccui &ler in it or prOvidirig any atteitonal inlorniation to yut. Astereingly, to 
the fullest este& ;-:+setie subject to applicable layr, rice* d Cite:owe/ or Its affiliate:: arFS thAr respective shateba.lers, agsteit. agents, effecter:. Deicers, 
partners, ineinhers env empleirtes shell be liable (save in the case of fraud) for any ksst (whether elette. Incirect or conseeuential), damage, scat or erpense 
stiffeferi Qr ir:r.Urre7:r by any nefson 
e resift Of reliesor, arw steterrient in. or emesienfrm this presentation 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039428 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185612 
EFTA01354830

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354831.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354831.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendosver Cabital SOF IV, LP. 
Important Information (2/2) 
Arty fotwar6coking cratements finckeing, witreAt !mårenes', projectiont oi fett-re eamings or vak ej, rent or seleations heroin are bosei open n rrert 
may 
siniplifiee and rna? eepetiC spon menu otitside the torums 
Attensver 
iL8 allikstes Othe, events tht :vere not teken inte &urent 
nav or.er.r and may sit:smart:n.0y affect the analvzis heren,. TherefOre. lange' tri arry rraa8leatiohl mav have a materiar impact ex, any valent'," 
or 
ka nitue{:. Adas; resuts mn% alert-isne he niateriallt eifferent from arr, foretat. opinon 
valt-whon 'terein. Prospective investors in tie Feiy.; >hauld not 
reh• on tht:%e tom:omen:Alna statemenis n mb:Icing whetlw ro itwesi In sua' Fono. The 'd.:adr:arien container, in thi!: Fre%imiablin has {veer, obtalnee frem 
soisrceceiolde 
Credit SC,,...e.svh
sbcriinforrnaben ts t-_>1!eved to hr? Miaele ke the priposet: Lsed ratet, neititer Crenit Ste.re, nor any ot ib ul-diett:, er 
partners, niernbers or employee; assione any 
for the accer acy cf sl Ch ir.formation 
See the "Notes h..Investreentit'erkrniard:E. <0nVsinir411,t,Jiti-AlairalpallentirifonwItionregarcmg c-?rforrnenter.nr: {nigeina retuns. 
Tres Presentatkin c.oes pai form part of the basis lor any suiliact betaveen Glenc.n.went.a it.; aflihates an% any innestor P.e%ipierits 
tres Fresentatk‘rtstrab r rot 
treet tin Fresenatta, or hia, rev,laturv, acr.ouiting, ;egal. Investment ur tiny eitler advice in relatita, to rise Recipient or ans aaolanatkw ane thi:: information 
shmied not ars[ eariF.4. le rettet Cpm, as stich 
11.-e trtstribor.k4, 
this Omset:tat:ert ane parlAT.ation in Gne Fidse tnay be reurictyc by tire; ir: certain 
benons whoconst into pl)88e881011 Of t h." nreseriration are rednbee te inform thentehes ab:it:ham: to obsåse. anyst.ch restner nem.. 
No governmental auttiority has Rised on the metie of Ihe offeting 
iriterests in the Pore or the atient:acy of the information cuitainee 
Arry 
ieoresentation to 
contras: i,. snlawtsl. 
Prospettbie inye,ron sliul:Id per µa: ilglan attertinn to the info:in:eitt contained in the '(fering dtv.t.rnents pertaining to tertain toelms ol interests and risk 
fetters An ittectesetit in the Fond is:ti:Kable Only iurs%wheftuttec: investors and re rires lite firniciiiiability and ballingness to accept tbe h41. 
aix? bek 
of ligt:idity PS:0cl~ %vilt, ;sn investment hr the Fund. !neiters in the Pind nis..-t be prestertd L' heat sechrisfrs for an inter inite peniutl of tirre 
Statensents heroin are inace as cf landary 31. 2018, ertes% staret °Oser..vi:e. 
Important Inforrnar3,..., 
the Track P&.c:r4 
Thif Gleryåosver SOF Team spsrvolf from CseerXhs: Rar* amt its arlihate> ("r,estyche bar) te, Attizt i, 20.17 art eitahiblleO Gl:endt...rer (epital. LIR ara, as 
afIllorte% flogether, *Glencoearel P8 pr; innepennent premie 
firet CYMI.:11 by ns Pfirillef:1100.1et <:11!•!0>I1Cary transwetkn% in prerate t'al'k-t!:. The 
performance infcitr-atIon atti tra.:k recore set cut:' Ih:. Presentation in rer.peo. ot the SOF F: x!.:• {Dorg the penot 
rom 
ot the SOF r.:ixis to 
rate. 
the trale pli01 lo the formal:mi 4f Glennower, sviven the team ytere ertiployea25 of Dei:tv:he bant., Ill eyaruatin€ the trav,. rer.orij, each Recipient 
iscee tral. (il (>00 PirZio-Partei aha Charles Srellh tave ?ilen permanent 8'Crir, PWrriher:: of me sor r:inas aswszawat o,%rernittees sircemce
iors; 
ChiCheunk,, Fram:eser, bibaniont i ant Acarn Grae? haste attendett as obseners ti e majorhy of iferrr:rtfekre cornrnittees uf the SOF runes sinte inception. Uty 
viere appilEtee in Orienter 2011 eurirat the SOF il investitent pericv.; as :(kitig mett:beis on re tit.atil,fial taxis and have best permanent soling inembers 
sinte lanuery 20.13; friijuther employees uf Dei.tbche bank who were nut part of the SOF investment team ant that have not reiner! Glencower wen, involyee 
at eiffetent times on the trivest ment osfr:milter" of the SOFFsnes gni !ble inve::trnenreeeiriori-rnaldng prorest ir, re:-.;..r<7.4 the inyettmentstnce by tile MF 
Fines ane (ml in connecnon With the invettinents oarcipitINe the tracl record, the (avs:neter Inst:arr-tint protemlonals :o.m part <4 a lar; er Dyno ynthin 
C,t,tberie Bari% The er:estment perforroarce Mchieet rierein v iteterall;r:r C-.8Wy rd, proside fteUrbet.its with informaten 3caat the Gierwcr.rer SOF Tearn't: 
ovvestinent e,instrivrice. The perlkefnener: 
pr siret 
ha: treen Prepant/:i by Destto.he Alternative Asser. Maragernenr (Global) Limit": 
(YOAAMIGW1 ane Røvides 
tu Grenen-edel arr. relatL1 
SOF 
ark` the rek,tti ifAnarFAl QiicteiyiN vanyicti9r.::. Ik resoect of which 
Gb7rivlower 
SOF Teart, syere ili8lAve81 in the:r l.apa..-ity a nortfolk, inamager. skela insestment toninntlee memberr whiSe employee PI De utbe bank. Ileridossier takes 
resnoyisit.iriw loe 
perfcuhance in(oreatius ant It% compiar,:e With alt anpkulhle lam, re...orat,c4s, ftle; an.; 5,,Initirr,es, mrluc,t, bul rot %miten 
to. the trivestment Adviters Au et Igve). as arMer',:re, and ås 
rade 20.1.:: thereiircer: ane eakAltafGit take:: ro rest-mtibeity for the nite of smiri 
ØettOnflati.:e 
tien1 by Glersii.:.wer 
HetesteIn 
 Performance 
1hPeStreehr rrt8:rr. 
Olher88;;S:: ;:rXer, frit log 
September 30. 20.17, ?re 
ar": 3:e ::11:8thaiVe ra:l8' 
; rl;l0 banan, a:P.; 
othenvise ineicated, "Gross IRR-  ane 'raet ler ',hai i near, an aggregate, conspot ne, ann.ai, gross or net, as ange:ah:e, internat rate et retur, er, investments, 
hasel on daily cash Roses Calo.lations are ;tur ':8:18ter.. bey& ml acteal z..rsh kam tuari frl.Prr lirrhter: Valaaerz. All IRR:: ere preseriteO on a 'gr o:,` basis snless 
ot torne states fi e, Uty do not reflect ere Iltkil4 terta share, centen inteirert, tasen kameraet'', tosis In corinecton witti the eisposition uf unreali.ed 
inver:ia
nts and oster enpenes thai are borne by investors In the ap.IcabIe furefry. all 
which w rustbee retteros ane. in the aggrevate. are apectee ro be 
oub:tantial) Nem IRR lo prosenter: after ileet.eting all prierity profil sture, carrlec interest, ta Res. trariSPrtIOP (tSt8 ane vther fet:: anc.: expense: lathet than 
taxe; snoe pr Lo 
!;,-,n* hvit sten,: di,eing ase :88til tt ot an w,yestcsr.s eotyk, 
Ferther, note 'hat 
i:ak statkes metisotokigY 
tOCainilate Net 
Ikh m resoeu of the SOF tirals is imparsed by the SOF ruses Lsks: of yl:bm:floti«, line ratisses. All performance tunisen inelnet rer:veier capital veles: 
ralletrWiSe rr>liShial? ira:11.4ter. DOtrinotions to Paid-in CaPitni rOP•ii rePreSerit% ertglegate ;'Skiitlk,tigirc: IR iraesw4 in the LOT' FONN re=ntrea te aggregata 
raphal c ottibud ms to the SOF Fanes. Resid%al Vakre to 
Capital ("RVPI") rep terens the valle of the SOF Funds investor' intere..-t held *elta, the SOF 
Fund;:; tehause bs aggreeare capita' centribstems to theSOF hind:, net or ex SOF r:Astrst 
inert:!{. rriam-w2ernent tees and <Aller exeÆriser, Total Valte to 
paid-ln Capita! rhipti: Tyet :Dei t RUPI 
as the 3(00h:a Cf Ilvmey rettered eivirled kry the am...amt Investe: mor that parti:etar investment 
Grass ordbok- represents 1'0W Valte asa nidrips' oi capita' insestrm by the SOF Fuzis Net tune eat, inel 
elci net imam/røme rata rengiaSarathireta 
tet of titt sor r UVAV Catnet: rraete1t. management dees ana etter eYpersse3. 
Valuatiore. Valoatb.«: of tioreall;:te inv.tstrnerits are generally biteti <•11 a a<>4.) Nth eld) reaumatile eetermlnation by the genial ai•notir af the relevant 
Ar:V %Pch valbarion of liSre.8-lr/krci 1m-e:Ur-rat *Ill he trasee en 3flornOtions 
2er-eral ,taftnier 
are reasenabte ulde!' the 
ClfraulTittalY.eS. the attval realizee ren-frisen vir#:alizee investment% vill uopeno on. atrium uttier f atters, ft.t.:re %verne% rent, the value uf the essets and 
,tanket con.Ukkwi:; at the time of l:89(rsp-.0:8 any utiater.i trarl8år.r.:(4'litst8 Whl the timine and menner or 
ssi Whir,h Play csffer ffSeil the asstarVbuns on 
whch the valitkitiony useh in the teier performance tala container: her ein me ba::ee. Aectlicingfy. the Kteal tealtet retur,: gerieratet.1 by tasse t‘nrealimre 
investerte«, ridyt ciffer matenalty frem the retuns irobtakee herthn. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039429 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185613 
EFTA01354831

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354832.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP. 
Legal disclaimers 
For Recipients in the EEA This Presentation shall not be eistributed to any Recipient that Ls domiciles; or resident. in a European Economic Area no:airier :tats 
*here tie 
tit the Presentation in such member state wee.sin constitute 'marketing? (within lit weaning of article still(%) of tiw Alternative 
Investment Fula Managers Directive (2011/GLIIIII Thk; Presentation is: rot an approves: prospectus for m.roo
 of section 65 
the Ur' financial SePices 
and Markets At 2030 
Mt United Lingicert. Uses Prer.entation may only be avramankatec ii) by a cere: n other than an authonser: ceirson if 
cirectec only at to) persons who have pror
sional experience in matters relating to investme.nts. falling within article 19451 ('investrnent professionals') of the 
ne‘arcial sankt,a and Markrett ACt 2CV, friforif mil Prorfaxiool Orrim /COS f;e: 
the 'Order 1, in) persons felting amthm: article agi2)fa) to fat Chaps 
net worth companies, idlincor punted associattorir etc.') of the Omer, or (c) persons whom this Primentatem may otherwise lawfully be communicated; 'pie Ili) 
try an authorized person it coquets only at la) person; who have professional orneriest,: of participating in war:plates, 0:Isentes. fatting withal argot 1.44S1 
rinveltly:ent professiatts"1 or the financial Services and Markets ea 200) (Prornoticri 
Collective Investment £chenms) (Exemptions) Order 2001 as 
arresncedi the vPC1S rar
e) arc article 19{5) rinyessanere prcifeYsionalci cif Mei Orcer. 11) perscais falimmi within attic* 22 (high net worth cornparses, 
t.rollf.OrpOraten aSSOLialiatiS etf.) 0 the PCISOrclei ants atte.14...49(2)(a)to (e) thigh netwerth ctimpanles,uriiriCorpOrateP aSSor.eations etc.") of P*Ords.e. 
NM) Node. In Ifibli01 tO each member state of the EEA (each a 'Member Stale) which tit; irriplernenteo the Alternative Investment Nino Managers 
Directive ithrective (20.1.1161/EUI) drat •AlitSD-1 Mod tor which transitional arrartgernersts are nuts no longer available), this Presenbtem May 
distributer: anc interests in the fund may only be offerec or ;Recce in a Member State to the extent that: 11) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to 
professicaoil irnshuors in the reltahra Member 
inacconsance with airmo (at imptrnented into the total law/regd.:tear: of the relmantMetflns.r State]: or 
(2) this Presentation may otherwise he lawfully eistnnuted and the interest. in the rune may otherwise be lawligsr offered or placed in that Member Suite 
(tncie4!s:g at the initiaiimY of the er..esto:J. 
In relater: to each Member State of 061 EEA whe-.11. at the date of tit: Pt t...;:eolhtlolt. has not iniplementeo Airmo, this Piesentatrnn may any be distributes' and 
interests in the Purr; nay only be °Betel or placed to the extent that ion Presentation may be lawfully cistributsp and the micentsts in the runt; nay um:fully 
be oiler et or place ein that. Member State (including at the inittatiisis of the insestor1 
For persons In Australla.*fhis information has been preparers for general information purposes only. Nothing in trio Press:citation wnstitutes investment, legal, 
lfamil DM% or la* advice, or a ff:preSetitato'l that any atvestment or strategy 
suitable or ext./ innate to ind:yid:al circu mstances. ce ozherwipt oar:stance a 
personal cr:cominenuation to any Soi:tiflf investor Recipients of PM PreSentatian should 004 assume that any Investment discusser; herein 'hive or will be 
profitable There is no guarantee comerning the achiewment of aeest.rnetit obits:huts or target tett:ins a measurenients Any reference to Past performance 
is rot indicative of future results and is no gtarantee to future results. This Presentation has been prepared for an. is protidee Dray to ;fermi:tee recipients in 
Australia who qualify as whdiesme ctopts 4ci that term g defined by pick', 7616(7) of the Australia:, Corporations Act 20(0 (Cth ) (the "Act.] moo as 
sophisticated or professtanal ,me, tors as degree by se-:tscrks 70gial and (111(respectiva)y) of the Act. in respect or which an offer would Oct r ecuire disc:I:sure 
under Chapter 61) or Part 7.9 of the Act. It Coes not contain inc dook.it not be taken as co:taming any financial preduct advice or financial procuct 
recomnwreatots. 
Preser-labols ki Oct. m PrelPeaus. pros:via CLI/Josure statement a any otter form of pretcribeo tgh,desco.ti,;mentur,der the Act. This 
Presentation is not required to. ars, doe: not. contain all the information wind) would be recuiite in either a prospectus. (Ifni tt.t.t (iiscioscre :bats-merit or any 
other form of prescribed uflerine cocument under the Act, rear hit rev.?:itec tie be st bit:heti to Ile Ai:straiten Securities era: investment% asinnibskas. The 
funds referred to in these inaterhes are not registered schemes 
cellist in the Act. In Australia. Credit Sur...se Group (111ililei, other than Credit Suisse AG, 
Sydney Branch are rot author:zee ceposit-taking institutions for the purposes of the banking Act 1959 (Cth ) and thele- oliksation: do &N. represent deprnit; or 
other babilitseo of Creek Suisse AG. Sycrey (:ranch. Credit Staffs) AC,, foyoney Branch tor..; not guarantee or otherwise provice assurance In respect of the 
obligat &pi. of SLUt Cieill Somale entities or Ms: fonds. 
For persons In Baran. The Presentation has not been apprpeed by the Central Pant of Bahrain which takes no mswinsibikry for its contents No .:fifer to the 
public to purchase the Pmt's interests wilt be made in the Vinedorn of &Attalla anc this Presentation is imervied to be teed by the arieressee only and must not 
he passed to, itistato to, OrSilt:lel to the powgenerally, 
For persons ki Brea The inforrnsibn contained herein Is for Ph:imam:nal purpopys. only am; is not, arm taw,er no circernstance.s is to be cora:tiled as, a 
prospect:is, aft advertiseriwg a public offering. an offer to sell the mitareits beiailmi he tau Of 
SOlmilat fan or an of fm-f to buy the interests cescnbed herein 
in Braid. Arai public offer or safe of PeIntel/is:to OesCribeel herein will be mace only if appficable registration in the Brazilian Securities Cfatalr:kaal011 It; obtainer. 
No imitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, ates, Inwstment will be deensed to the pubfi in grasit or by any means Woubl be deerneri public ode-ring of 
securities in Brasil. Under no circumstances is the information contained herein to be tonstitaO as iFtwoUnent acirne Brazilian Securities Cofontisso has not 
reviewer, the frmitefial beteg.. 
For MOM In Brand. This Presentation has not been ejekvt.-rea to. liCentet or penrilfret by Autoriti Monetad Brunel Oanta.1-gatat. Nor tta2 it teen reefotereri 
with the Registrar of C.omnarii 
This Presentation is for informational putootes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to the public. As such, it 
moot not be flOtribt4tm. 
pAl0finottO to and Intl? rot br teliec upon or useed by any person it: Brunei other than the percori to *hoe: P. b directly 
cornannicated and who belongs to a class of personas defame under Section 20 of the Br 
Sect.rineS Market Order, 2013. 
Fa proms li  Gonads. Tit Preesnustkm is Only intenced for persons in Canada who cuaafy to be a 'permitted cleft - within the meaning fiaporeil instrument 
3:10?- Registratkei Requirement:. Eyernptions pic Ongoitg Registrant. Ottgathrny. To lie eaten that the ilifonnath.q. onihimiecl herein references sexrites 
of an issuer incorporated. forme or treater, m:ncen the law,: of Canaca of a province or territory of Cartsca, arty traces in or adyice regaruing such securities 
must be conductim throsgh an invetainent dealer rig:pert-4 in Carioca. No securnes cchandzsion or similar regnlah:My a0htlor,' in Crania hOr. reviewed •'..r MI 
any Way passed upon these matenals, the information contained herein or the merits or the Interest'; descnbed twee% and any representation to the contrary 
it an offence 
For pasta inch a...4! or ronw Of the offered securities may have not been registered with the St ter rintendencia de Valores y Segunss (PM") pursuant to law 
no 16.045, the Ley de Mersad-:, ce siatores, and regueitions thereunder. Securities not registered with the SV5 may not be offered or sot' pc:nth:Ey in Chi* 
(nr-SS a ff.-SIMPLON Met:IN:ion apply). Thb flOCtiment dims not constitute an offer of. <1' an invitation to subscribe icr or pirchate, the securities in the, 
Rept but of Chile, other than to incivinually leentifier1 investors pi,rst ant to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of the Ley de Mercado ee Valotet. 
fan cllef that is not 'addressed to the pi:bricks general or to a certaIrs sector or soecifk gemrp of the of1610.foradrationaldnfenrabaireferrer to such of 
Ofer fle securities, please contact yOtir ReliftkIrdrin ktIrlat4f7r. 
For persons in Odn 
hiss invvtation to offer, or offer for. or sale of, any interest or investment will he made to the p.. bik in the Peoples Republic of China 
t'PRCI or by any means that would be Or:tined piths offer ellt of se :untie:, ince( the taws of the PRC. These materials may not be Oustributec to irichocuak: 
resident in the PRC or entities registered in the MC who have rrai obtained all the met:ire:1 PRC government approvals' it is the investors resporsibihty to 
ermure that it has obtainer all necessary PRC sr:averment. approvals to purchase any interest, participate in am investment or receive any inyestn,ent 
or if amm:trnent managenient so-ices 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039430 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185614 
EFTA01354832

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354833.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SO( IV, L 
Legal thridakners 
for persons In Casaba Thic rratkettng material does not constitute a public offer in the Repirldfic of Columba; it is being distributed under orcurnsuoitec 
wh:di yo,-A constitute a petsho of ferhig 
securities wider applicable Colombran securrtres Nees anti regulations. Neither the products. or the Management 
Company/Issuers hare aria will not be registerer, with the Soperinteriaence of finance of F.olonibia. Potential Colombian investors should rn:Jke their ow;, 
cep:ion *Miler this frrancral protruct meets their investment retgeutrver am, tisk tolerance level Each potentral Colombian ire:es:tor should inake its own 
indultles and cOnSolt 4S Oval VC vii0IS i)! IC this financial product are: the Management COMpanyilssuers, inCluOing the Merit arid risks irreolv,41, and as to 
legal. tax aim feinted matter:: cancer-Sri; an ::vestment in the producas.This riMek fling material is mattered rr: Colombia or prow:eel to Cokerd...ian residents in 
conerhance with Cerree 2555 of 2010 and other applicable roles anti re.g.olations relater to the promotkun of foreign financial anellor Iteci.ritire: related products 
or cervIcre: In Colorthra. Accordingly, the radx,utts may only to proiresteri t4 Cokombran ere:Ili:huts In compliance with ceuree 2W' of 2010 are under 
at cant lane. es which do Mµ constitute a public of
 of securities 'mem applicable Colombian marketing roan: and genet al securities laws arid regulations 
For persona In France. This Presentation can only be communicated to Qualified irarestor: wither the meaning of the article 0411.1 a the Monetary finsfinancial 
,:cr,..emorrer,oO, et FillOrWani to professNmal clients are) eirgibte counterporties. 
For persons In Guernsey. This Presentation has rot been approve(' •:r attrikarired by lite Gt.ennii:ity Financial Services C.cnorriss4ps or the States of Guernsey 
Policy Comroil 
For Penn In Hatt Ths Pnejenntalit'4i 6 fee general informatiorat may/5es only. ?lathing in this Presentatitai e intended to constitute financial advice. Ho 
Put& or OniVilini •:ilferlre of the IribeleStS 
Prong made In Hartland no agreement rekr tog 
the sale of the Iriteret, will be cOncludec in Hale 
For persons ki Hong Kay The krfor ;nation rnernonocilni in relation to any interest and/or investment referred lobules Presentation has nit been approved 
by the Securities acv: Futures Conanission of Hong Kong. Accordingly la) any interests or securities may not be offered or cop, and Ivor, not been offerers or 
sold in Hong Ke-ng, 17 means of any document, other than to IN-Professional insescors" ax clefered :n the Securities and Futoresi:relircarce (Cap. )17.11 of Hens 
Kong and any rut% node under that 0rdmance: or flit In other circumstanced which co not remit in the (too...neat berm; a -riroweourc" as (refired in the 
Camp:Inlet: Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Cong or which do rot cent:title an offer to the Dash( within the meaning of that Or ;r
 art (b) no person toe: 
cued or had In its Ousseavon for the purposes of issue. and will not Issue or have in its possesskv, for tile purpose:: 
Wsne. whether in Kong Kong or 
elsewhere. am, advertisement, twitat ion or document relating to any interest or securities, which at:Cifext./xi at. or the contents of which are or are likely to be 
accesseur or rev": by, the public in H083 gong (except rf permitted to cio %, ',hoer securities laws of Hong Kong) othei than with respect to any interese or 
Securities which are OF are interv.ied to be di4y0Sed of onki to perterns ootirce Hong long or amt.. to 'prOfeSional inveStOrs' within the deferrtion Of the 
Secriritiestaric Furores Ordinance (Cap. 5711of Hong Kong airs any rules made ordier that Ordinance 
Fa persons In brae. This Presentation has not teen approves by the Istre.r)Searilies Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli resicents in a manner that 
rife not constitute 'an oiler to the public" once' sections 15 are.t.iSa of the tsrael Se 
cities LA4 517,8-196g fl ier Securities taw') or section 25 of le swis 
investment Trusts Laver 5754-19dA ('* 
Joint investment Trusts Law'). as applicable TM imxtucts "resulted in this Presentation (the 'Products') are being 
offered so a linlited rwitthisr of lin...slims {35 in
 or fewer during any given 12 month period) and/or those categories of iramstors Pstesi in 11w First 
Metter:lino ("the Aterendure) to try, iecoritles Uldt, r5QpiliVOCALOTI InwP.Storini nafnen; joint investment furvit. or mutual post funds, proVitent funds. 
insurance companies, banking corporations (porrltasire,Poscructs for therraelves or for chants ratio am Soplusztoteri Investors', portfolio managers (purctiasing 
Prus,ucts for the)nselveS Or for chentr who are Sophistiv.ated I:Neste:3), invert/nen! isovisors rte inyestnent marketers (waif's:big Prone:Is for themselves), 
members of the Ter -Aviv Stock Sschange (pvicrecing Products for thene7‘r.fves or for clients who are fgupliisticatiso investors), underwriters (purstasing 
Pro-Suraz ice thernselser.), venture cupta) ft.m.s envie-lc mainly in ifve capital market. an entity which rs wrmessawned by Sophisticatet investor.. 
darer/rations, (other train Marten for the specific peril se of an avAmiSinon porioani ter an crier). with a SharehOlders eluity In eacess of NC. SO million, and 
imrskicalr. in respect of whom the teens e4 kinnir in: the : ch Butte to the arrest ment Acvice Law bold true investing for their own account, :n respect Qt wh-kh 
at least one of the following applies: the total value of their cash, apposes, financial assetz (as refined ini the Investment Arivice Law) ark- securities tracer on a 
stock es.r.lernge lisereaed under the Sin:untie,: Law (together, 'trout As.d.,fc- i exceeds pas 8 sho rt thiv n.), liy,37.0./ L 
thtra.p..,,a,i of ily.oine 0.der 
of the precei.!ing two years exceeds HIS 1.2 million lappiorinsile* 1200.000), or the level of income of then 'family unit" exceeds HIS 1.8 nallgn 
i.arsproarrriatekiiKa,,00:3): or the aggregate value of O Veit tior0 Asset; exceeds tarr 5 arilion lapprcerniatefy Er110.000) ar4 their Nve! of income Veer es`r 
of the precteing two years exceeds NIS 6110,000 (approximately 1100,000), or the level of inosires at their 'family unit' es Ortecet NIS 900.(i(t) (approximately 
1150,00)), each as cetined in the salmi Aekerettir0, 
arrfixie-s, nom time to time. and who in ex!, care have wonted written conFiriflatioir that they yuatiiy31:
SophrstaW1 Investors, ant that they are aware of the COrCelluenCeS 01 such resignation are agree thereto; in all casyS under circumstances that will fall 
within tees priudte oacerrynt C  other ereensptru-rs of the Joint investment Trusts Line. the Securities taw and any applicable pcidel!nes, doorrouncements 
tnlings issuw. Irony time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This PiesentatiOn may not Pre reprOduden Or t•sed for airy other purpose. nor be hamster:I to area other parson other titan those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product is pviritMsng Snell PrOeitiCt fors oven benefit and account and not with the aim or interaSees of orsurbuting or 
offering such Product to other parti 
(other than, in the case of an offeree which is a Sophsticater Investor by virtt e of it being a barduing corporation, 
manager 
irVinber c4 I.Pas Tel.Avve5tc‘k Enteroge. as defined in the AuCentlom, wheremai:offerer:is purchasing Product for another part:re:11km* 
a Sophrsticatec investor). Nothing ai this Presentation should be sonricered investment adore or investment marketing as definer in the Regulation of 
Investment CourrS.filie '''' Investriven:Marketing ant: Portfolio MVnagvnieni Law, 575h..1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek con-rt.:lent Investment cot reselling from a Molly Manse, investment coons& ['Svc to snaking the inved:Inernt As a 
prereoursest to the receipt of a come of tub Presentation a recipient shall be recruited by the fund to pros-ice oonfirrnation that it is a Sophisticated Investor 
;ruche:An:Products for its own accorad: or, where applkable, f ca. other Sophisticated Investors. 
This nridentatain does not constitute an offer to sell of SofisitaflOn of an cater to buy any sea.rities (Alt than the merest& in the form offered hereby, nor 
roes it f.c41.ctio.:te an offer to ::ell to or 
roik-itat_koi a an offer t4 too/ is OM any person of perpOrir in any state or other liars:Cr:ikon in which such offer Or 
soldtalkirilwxlil be onlawful, or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not Qualified to Co so, of to a person or persons to when, it is unlawful 
to make such offer Or tolicication. 
fa plata In Japan. The ifilorniatroii in relation to any interest. and/ or irwesirrient rws not been arei will riot be registereu puts:Ant No rerrth.re 4, Paragraph I of 
the Financial instrument and Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1918 as amerced) (the 'Mtn and accordingly, any interest and/or investment in them 
may not be allergy; or 
erectly or irvirreCtIV. In Japan or to, or for the tenet of any faparw.se person or to others for se-oljering Cr reside. sliFecriy or 
roorrectly, In Japan or to any Japanese person except ureter clicurnelances which will result in etrophance with all applicable laws, regulations ant ittatielillCi 
prom..Igate0 by the relevant Japanese governmental and n,ltilatOly3titnoritie:: and in erica at the ettivvant tine. For tit pfirf.p.sie, "Japanese t., tilii10" means 
any port:or:resident in Japan, includir€any COrpOr atiOn or Other entity organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, 
rnatelial kSCSInblit40 try Credit Suisse Securities won) t tro,itc ('CSA:), a regotereo clnane.oal Instruments rum (01recw•Gentral of Kanto local 
rioNlto gateau (icrnshoI No. 66). OIL tt a member of Japan iecurit
s Stealers Association, isikile-1:1311iitnrel. AS80d.3tiOn of Japan, Japar: Invetter.?.nr: At'Vt'a'r 
ksociation 
and Type II Financial InstMirients Firms Association. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039431 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185615 
EFTA01354833

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354834.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOf IV, L P 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Malaysia. This dock meat is provicsk on a C011idellti3i basis and made upon your veriest. Tnis riocunierit roes not COME aLte, and shot:lc not be 
ctn.:ruevas•xr:scil;ing.an offer or invitation testeisuribe first purchase sty seuiritxm 44: defines; in the Ca peal Markets anti Serthes Ack.:1207) in Ma Ifraia 
or interests (as oefirieti in the Conitranen Act 1965) to the public in Malaysia. The dispatch of this emurnent duet not make available any sect:fetes for 
subscription or poichase in Malaysia. This Cut nenr. las been issued mitide 
fslaysia ;stir no issue, offer of inv.tat e. once: thes rocunient has any ef fest in 
MataySha 
For persons to Mexico. This marketing material b rdlributed in the United Me,lkaco Hate; rfenraitol by ;. (oreip, Financial inslitutrum lInstitvtion irn;Hiciera 
cel Exterior) nor subjed to the supentsion o1 the National Banking anti Le:enties Commiusion (Comisien Nacioftal Baniaro y tie Valones) (the "CiaBM) The 
securities mentioned Meek, are rot registered in the National flea:Mies Registry (Regbtro National de. Valero:) (the "Min or in the International Gm:talon 
Ss:stein tSrsterro Internacional ye COttraUkdX.S1 (the ”.SICIM the Menem Steak Eitcharate (Eloise MexieaMt de VAk.ite%). theivfoiv such secontsts, Bs issuance, 
pitying, distnbuteer and listing are not subject to the soperAston of MC Chl8V or the prosisions of Mouton law The securities shall flOt bass St.13,11.o.t to public 
offering.labri or brokerage in feleetyst:Ilitst: registered In the HMV or the X OUrsuArk to the applicable legal PrOybtOna. 
For psws In Monnar • Thn Pnxiccfropy not ftif agent,' <tr sole. directly or 0M0OCOV, to the. Public in Monaco other tan by a Monaco Bart or a iluly 
NAM1£13O;Ot e interrneCiary ailing 353 professional iratitutior-iii investor *NCH 
k&.'nviedge: ant] experience in firiarvial anti thisiessas Matters 
as to be capable of is:RA:sting the SR:: and merits of an illY0.5.1MMIt in the rune. Consteuesitly, this tiOctiffeirlit may only be conuritnicated to banks Cady 
liserisec hr Ow `At Mite tie tainift.* PfOOMItier and hilly TgAVISeO pielfolionainageetit. corripariRis by uirtue ir..f Law 
of tr.:1y 26, 19:41 and Law .1.332 
of September 7. 7007. duty licensed by the toinnesidn de Condole ces Activites Finarv.ieres Suet: regulated intefrnettrarier may in torn communicate this 
coo:morn' to ta.a.entisilinveutors 
For persons In NewZee/arid [ha. stif011hat*:1 bat: bOell ,nepau ed for 3nei rt provided OfO7 bs OmmItret ft( vients. in new &attic wito c Lillie ;sari "MVeStrr-40 
business" or 'government agency" within the meaning of &sure 17(1) arc clause40 of Schesfulel of the New Zealanc litaiu.ral Markets. Conduct Ad 2013. 
For persons In the Suitonete of Conan. The Mformatian contained in this Pr ese.mation neither constiu,ter. a public offer of securities in true Sultanate of Oman as 
creiteisiplatec in the Conenelt ialCompano taw of Coon (e.swal Decree 41.74) or tits Capital Market taw of Oman (Puy& Decree WS:9Si, nor (Mt: It VOOMIO.,'* 
an offer to set or the solicitation of any die; w say NozeOntani securities in the Soltarrafe of Anon as contemptateti by Article I.39 of the Es/mien-is 
Regulations to theCapital Market tawny,
s.er., by Dec iron tio.112CO9I 
Arie.iticK:ally, this Presentation is lot intended to leac to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nalu I t within the territory of the St ftanate of (Aran 
For persons In Cietar Trot interest.; 
the 
an? only tieing offered to a limited number of Insesttars Wei are vagina and able to conduct. an Incedencere 
inaersigation ct the Mils invoked in en inveltment in secti Miereate The promotional riocumeniatioridC+E rice constitute an oiler ro the public and it for the 
k se only of the nanesd ACCo:C.S.EO and should not he given or shown to any other person (ocher Men employees, agents or coroultants in connection with the 
arkiressess'a consideration thereof). The (tad haf. 'VA *eon aryl will riot ha ne&istered with thee:afar central Hank or :sneer any lawn of tie State of Czatar No 
tranraction will he conducted In your pa iscictIon and any inuuliies regarding the interests in the Form should he made tot:41140We, . 
For persons In Saud Arabia. The: lireceniatisn re.ay may not be ciudbuted in the langoom of Saudi Arabb escent to suds persons 3S are iMMItilke• *neer the 
Offers of Seat cities IteguUdions tr!aree by the Capital Market Autiority (the "civt.a.'u 
The (MA cote: not make any reprecitnietliin as to the aatracy or completeness O this Dr.eionstint, one eq.ressly ',delete:, any 
whatmeseir for any lures 
arcing froni, IX Incurred in relance Lars any part <4 the Of -,..entation. erospeatie puttnasers <4 the interest otleoft.:: tenet.; should conduct their own due 
Cilk011iCC on the ucturacy at tie information relating to the interests. if you co not uncerstarv1 the content: of the. Presentation yo. should consult art 
authorized firiancrataelisey 
For penfOnS h Sineletere This Presentafron not a prosPer.tu:: 
delineri :r: the Sraill1esarv.i rutures Act. Chapter 
of Singapore (`;;FA') arc, 11;C not been 
registered as a prospectus with tel: Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under theSCA in relation to the content of prospectuses 
apply, arc this PrOjente".O 1;tzk,ie Foc he construed In arty way as a tottrarnkse or all rifler t9 bus or sell aria inteaest 
irivristnient referred to sir 
this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for you_ The product named in this Presentation is not el thorized or 
retognitee by the Monetary As:Monty of Singapore (the 'MASI ;MC Mete kd ii ,.; interests 
snares inns 
be allovilht to be offeree to retail imiltic in 
Singapore. This Presentation maybe detritatrei. only fij to persons who are TinstItutional investors' under section 304 01 the SFA. 
for persona In Souttt Kona Teas Presentation r; heals proY*.nro to you.: for general etcusson purposes only to gaoge the level of interest in the reievare 
prosi.cts The celdarry of Qin fOrSOMOtioll to you sixtukt not he comer titre ill 31.y Wei, as riAisiling inveslnient or offering to sea any interests deso gest h. this 
ere:en:anon Rather, betore the sans n any men product. the mei will Fest be registered with the Financial Services Cisoundiri-sri In Sotto and a locaiii 
liceriasa entity still be engaged. 
For persons In Sr 
bland. Credit Suite provices no guarantee with regard to the ancient and completeness of the information and Goes not &vein any 
Itanlibi fur loV.rs that might arise Iron. frisking use of the znrurreatron If nothing is a dicated to the contrary, all fig vas are tir
tidityd. 
intorrestan 
pmt.'s:leo herein is far the estluarie use of the recipient Private email( it: private egulty capital investment In companies that are not trailed publicly (I e , are 
rizt Mato tin a stock exchange;. nriyaie equity lose:Relents are generally iil€rhuid and are seen as a long-terns investment. Friseite equity investments. auciunkig 
the Investment opportunity described herein, may inciode the folkwor-g aileltIonal risks: 0) loss of all or a substantial :pietas: of die inseutods investment. fill 
nvestoren: manager: May base incentives to make investment: that are tidier or more specuratke rue to perfortnance.tased compercanon, tar] tack of 
hot:icily as there may be no secondary ITIAlet, 
vOl3tIlity Of fen. Ms, fy) restrictions OF. transfer. (Vi 3 potential p. o. of olversification, fern hitet rev, end 
rr, pereee, (Yin) little or re requirement to provide ecotone( pritung and (iv) coulee^ say SZO.:(.02reS are celays in heave) Ling important tat information to 
in=s: tars. 
The reorsesentallve of the fund in Swatted:Aro is Hugo Puna Services SA, 6 Lairs de Nye, Cie-1204 Geneva (the 'Representativel. The offering documents, 
ant-Assof asioLiatai arid audited thiamin .1.atensehts ten be tenainee free r4 charge horn thy Sepresentariye Inn- piece of per:Any:runnu iniornt of the 
Fund offerer, or cistritittleo in or from Switzerland is the registerec offioe of the Representative. The courts of the canton of Geranta shall have jurisdiction in 
relation tr, any ognestes arcing not or ihe uetIoss.4 to nerve:new ne. Any rAsoute relater: to the el:Vita:ion of interarts:A the tern, in ere.. from Switzer land 
shall tuusuhlect to theism:eh:lien of the registered /Afire of the reurhbutor 
The Paying Agent In Switaalarkti is Banque Canto ale urr Geneve, 17 Ctilhi ue 
cn-:1207 Geuesu, Se/Rioland (the -Paynn Agenn Interests goy he 
Nab:tribe-1, asettor redeemeo with the Paykig Agent A handling commission will be ct-arger: by the Paying Agent if a subscription or redemption is made 
through the Paying Agent, instructions. a no money must lye receiver: by th.t. paying agent et least ;14 hour% before the approperale dealing co t•of f time. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039432 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185616 
EFTA01354834

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354835.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354835.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L P 
legal disclaimers 
for person; Ina mu and Nest. This Presentation roes not constitute an offer or solicitation in St Kitts anti Nevis This Presertator, ha: not been reviewed by 
the Soo:Mies Commosker or the firencial Serei.to Regultstore Conimissiorr M5t KAts and Neve. 
refobt my a othority ifi St. 1(41: one TT esis 
passer; utan 
the &tumor or adeouacy of the of teeing or endorsee the merits of tie of teems. the funs: hae riot been are will not be registeresi with any regulatory authority 
ih St. YOU and News.. Each investor :hotly coroult his or he legal arsine' 
occountare or resorcial asIsoor lot aiivice on the 6rsrious legal, to: or ec000nric 
matters uonceetang ark or her investment in the rum: There 
invohre:i 
Inoesting, well the ultimate risk tieing the loss of the 'mentors entire 
in.estIneni 
Fa persons in WEI Abu DhabllOubal. This Maser:rotors and the ittOrrnatenCOntairien herein, does not constitute, area is not reechoed to oxistitute, a public 
otter 
UnitqC Arab Emirates and accmoingly shoulO mat be < cmeruee as moll The interftts in the rt;nd are only being &feted to a Dmilect 
number Pf sophists-steed 'woo:tors in the IJAE who rot ale Willing We able to cOndiat an iceepentlent ewestetation of the fists Insisted m an intestrnent In sail 
interests . rod ibi upon tr*ir specific reeeest. The ',attests in the rent have not been approste by or licensel or registerat with the UAE Central Etank, the 
Sect:title> WWI Commooldes Authority or are/ other rekivarit hearosing atittxxities or governmental agencles in the Inf. The Presematem is for the t ce ed the 
eanitic adUressee only are ;hot k1 not he giver; or shown to any other person retiree than employee's. agents or consultants 
Connection with the addressees 
con:i0eratiot r thereof). WArans'Atiori wilt be cons used rn 
IME are.: any ene vines rega0; 
:met est 
the Furs; stools, be eras* to tiler:0s:we: 
For petiole In the United Staten of America in nI4kIng arc investment OeciSiOrt prospective must ref./ or; their own eywriination of the issuer arm the terms of 
the :lifer rig, inar,InCing the norrits erg risks insolvers. 
The interests haw. not heen re:onoeno.ceei by any letierai or state securities ester:IX5On or regulatory a:the:its. ni n herrricr#.. the toreooing authorities have 
not confirmed this.. accuracy or determines the acen' acy of this Pr senator.. Any representation to the contrary is a cr iminal offense 
The Interests hase rot been art.; will rot he resisteted under the Securities Act, or any state or oit*r 
Lawr. or the birs or any non-U S. jurin,:icticri, nor 
u such registration contemplate:: The Interests will be offered and tac, in the United States only to roalifying reec•ients of the tunes private placement. 
rremorareir m pursuant to the evemphori hen; the registration, foto Irainent.s of the Sect ricks Act provirted by Section 4121 are. Fogulatico Cs thereof are any 
aPPIleable IV51:1A000 proOtt'liOtt 5 therk'tnijir arc' in compliance with the at:pleat:Ito sect rifles lows. of the states and oho fortsciistiony where the offering 
'Mn be n'ace The hiteregs are beings,* tor ioseotment only arc are subsea to restrictions on tosocferability and resale arid may net be transferrer, of resold 
eacept 
peoveesi rn the Foos; Portoerstrip Agreement anti as permittse rosier the Securities Ar.t ate the doper:46k.. ]late setcoties laws. pm:scoot to 
registration c..r exemption therefrom. tnnilen Partners shouk be aware that they will be rectare: to bear the financial ri:P4 of an investment in the interests 
for an ay.efrrate leriee or tine The nose will net be registerei ac an investment annpany rosier the Inveturint Cernpany Art Corzeocently. investors will 
not he affornee the protections Athe investment Company Act. There *di be no pt blic market for the Interests, arc there is no obligation on the part of arty 
t*rOW: re register rhe Interests untie, the $.e.cuntms Act. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039433 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185617 
EFTA01354835

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354836.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas (together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for the fund associated with this 
presentation material. Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources 
we believe to be reliable. we do not guarantee its accuracy. completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates 
that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU 
UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF 
THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES. INCLUDING THE 
POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD ALSO 
CONSIDER MAKING SUCH INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR 
APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation material does not guarantee or predict 
future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are not insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. governmental agency. are not obligations of or guaranteed by 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.. or any of their affiliates, and are 
subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Further, the securities 
described In this presentation have not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the 
Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund described in this presentation material 
or its affiliates through arrangements that may or may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities. such 
as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our employees, including those of our 
investment representatives who may otter fund interests to clients, may now or in the future own interests in the 
fund described in this presentation material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting. tax or legal advice. Notwithstanding any other express or implied 
agreement, arrangement or understanding to the contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your 
employees. representatives or agents). subject to applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, to disclose 
to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential transaction. and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, 
without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is effective without limitation of 
any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027219 042718 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185618 
DB-SDNY-0039434 
EFTA01354836

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354837.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Amanda Kirby 
11/5/201312:58:00 PM 
Amanda Kirby I 
Andrew Kisz 
Re: Fw: RDC ALERT-- 
III 
pic24522.gif; pic19549.gif; pk0S456.gif; pic15974.gif; pic26504.gif; pic11874.0; pic17603.gif; pic27589.gif; 
pic30589.gif; pic2164.4.gif 
; PWMUS AMLKYC 
; Paul Morris 
classification: For internal use only 
Hi, 
Is there an update on this alert? or more that you need from our end? This 
has been nearly a month. Please let me know what else (if anything) is 
required 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic24522.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Com any Americas 
New York 
NY 
USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic19549.gif) 
From: 
To: 
cc: 
Date: 
Subject: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom 
Andrew Kisz/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS, 
PWMUS AMLKYC/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
10/28/2013 01:50 PM 
Re: Fw: RDC ALERT - 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Andrew, 
Any update on the below? 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
[I] 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic05456.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
; Michael Vila 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039435 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185619 
EFTA01354837

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354838.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Trust Com any Americas 
New York. NY. USA. 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic15974.gif) 
From: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom 
To: 
PWMUS AMLKYC/db/dbcom@DBAmericas, 
Cc: 
Andrew Kisz/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, PWMUS AMLKYC/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
Date: 
10/09/2013 04:50 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: RDC ALERT - 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Andrew, 
This is part of the Jeffrey Epstein relationship. She is named as one of the 
beneficiaries of a trust that he is the Grantor of (Butterfly Trust). She is 
not opening an account and has no authority on the trust account 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26504.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
New York. NY. USA. 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic11874.gif) 
From: 
PWMUS AMLKYC/db/dbcom 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
PWMUS AMLKYC/db/dbcom@OBAmericas 
Date: 
10/09/2013 04:44 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: RDC ALERT - 
Classification: For internal use only 
[I] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039436 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185620 
EFTA01354838

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354839.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hi Amanda, 
Is this part of the Jeffrey Epstein relationship or is 
opening a 
new account? 
Kind regards, 
Andrew Kisz 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic17603.gif) 
Andrew Kisz 
Associate I AML Compliance Officer 
DB Services New Jersey, Inc. 
Asset & wealth Management 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic27589.gif) 
From: 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom 
PWMUS AMLKYC/db/dbcom@OBAmeri cas, 
Cc: 
Michael Vila/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Andrew Kisz/db/dbcomMOBAMERICAS, Andrea 
Klingenberg/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
Date: 
10/08/2013 01:29 PM 
Subject: 
Fw: RDC ALERT - 
[I] 
classification: For internal use only 
Hi, 
The attached alert does pertain to our client. 
was accused as a 
co-conspirator in a case but was never brought to trig nor ever convicted. 
she will also never have her own personal account here at DB. The account for 
which she will be associated is a trust account which names her as a 
beneficiary. she will have no authority over this account and will not be a 
client of the bank. Please clear this alert or let me know if you require 
further information (i.e. trust agreement) 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30589.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039437 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00 185621 
EFTA01354839

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354840.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic21644.gif) 
 Forwarded by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom on 10/08/2013 01:25 PM 
From: 
PWM BIS-Research/db/dbcom@OBAPAC 
To: 
Cc: 
PWMUS AmLKTc/db/dbcom@OBAmericas 
Date: 
10/07/2013 03:52 PM 
subject: 
RDC ALERT - 
[I] 
classification: For internal use only 
Hello, 
Attached is an alert for the party mentioned above. Please note that 
clearance from compliance is required prior to KYC approval. 
Please follow the instructions below: 
Forward explanation of whether the alert pertains to your client directly to 
compliance. 
Receive confirmation from compliance that alert can be removed from the queue. 
Include copies of all responses along with your KYC. 
[attachment ' 
[attachment ' 
Thanks, 
Ahsan Manzoor 
Alert 1.pdf" deleted by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom] 
Alert.pdf" deleted by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039438 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185622 
EFTA01354840

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354841.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354841.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI25 Gerald Ford 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Overview 
April 2018 
iCapital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-003943.6 
SDNY_GM_00185623 
EFTA01354841

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354842.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Important Information 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation') is for informational and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or investment advice, any recommendation or opinion regarding the appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy. 
or as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy an interest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Underlying Fund') or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities iV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access Fund). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering Memorandum), which will be fumished only to qualified prospective 
investors on a confidential basis. The Presentation is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Offering Memorandum, which contains more detailed 
information about the Access Fund's investment objective, terms and conditions and also contains tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund 
other than as set forth in the Offering Memorandum and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The information contained herein must 
be kept strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the General Partner of the Access Fund 
and the General Partner of the Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in 
the Access Fund. There are important differences between the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund described in the Presentation. An investment in 
the Access Fund is not suitable for all investors. Prospective investors should be aware that investing in the Access Fund involves a high degree of 
risk. There can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital will exist and prospective investors must be prepared to bear capital losses that 
may result from investments. There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Access Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in the Access Fund, prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and expenses charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the 
fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or 
management fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Investors should 
have the financial ability and willingness to accept the risk characteristics of the Access Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of interest may arise 
between the General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of interest are described more fully in the Offering Memorandum. 
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and them can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Prospective investors 
should also bear in mind that past or targeted portfolio characteristics are not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and there can be no 
assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio characteristics or that target portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of investments 
can go down as well as up. In addition, there can be no assurance that unrealized investments will be realized at the valuations shown as actual 
realized returns will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposition, 
any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may be different from the assumptions on which the valuations contained 
herein are based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any management fees, carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by 
investors. which in the aggregate may be substantial. Therefore, actual performance of the Underlying Fund after deduction of such fees and expenses 
would be lower than the gross performance reflected in this Presentation. Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower returns than 
investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the additional fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund. Nothing contained herein should be deemed to be prediction or projection of future performance of the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund. 
iCapital. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039440 
SDNY_GM_00185624 
EFTA01354842

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354843.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Important Information (Continued) 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund, which would have the effect of lowering the net returns experienced by an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only and are provided for the purpose of making general market data available as 
a point of reference only. 
Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be available for direct investment, may be unmanaged, assume 
reinvestment of income, do not reflect the impact of any trading commissions and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations when 
used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other reasons, may have different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are suitable only for eligible, long-term investors who are willing to forgo liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite period 
of time. They may be highly illiquid and can engage in leverage and other speculative practices that may increase the volatility and risk of loss. 
Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than traditional investments. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before 
investing. Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging, short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• 
Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utilized; Absence of 
information regarding valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund or the 
General Partner or Manager of the Underlying Fund or their respective officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or employees, agents or 
affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, shareholder, employee or agent of any such affiliate). 
The offering of interests is not, and 
should not be considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the Underlying Fund. Moreover, none of the Access Fund, the General Partner of 
the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates has the right to participate in the control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management 
fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Returns to limited partners in 
the Access Fund will be lower than those from a direct investment in the Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC'). 
The 
registrations and memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has endorsed the entities, products or services discussed herein. Additional 
Information is available upon request. 
iCapital. 
STRICTLIr CONFIDENTIAL 
I ' ' 
• 
i • • 
'1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039441 
SDNY_GM_00185625 
EFTA01354843

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354844.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Additional Disclosures Regarding Certain Risk Factors 
The risks associated with investing in a private equity fund generally include: 
• Limited Regulatory Oversight - Since private equity funds are typically private investments, they do not face the same oversight and scrutiny from 
financial regulatory entities such as the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC') and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as 
regulated investment companies, (i.e., open-end or closed-end mutual funds) including requirements for such entities to provide certain periodic 
pricing and valuation information to investors. Private equity offering documents are not reviewed or approved by the SEC or any US state 
securities administrator or any other regulatory body. Also, managers may not be requited by law or regulation to supply investors with their 
portfolio holdings, pricing, or valuation information. 
• Portfolio Concentration; Volatility - Many private equity funds may have a more concentrated or less diversified portfolio than an average mutual 
fund. While a more concentrated portfolio can have good results when a manager is correct, it can also cause a portfolio to have higher volatility. 
• Strategy Risk - Many private equity funds employ a single investment strategy. Thus, a private equity fund may be subject to strategy risk, 
associated with the failure or deterioration of an entire strategy. 
• Use of Leverage and Other Speculative Investment Practices - Since many private equity fund managers use leverage and speculative investment 
strategies such as options, investors should be aware of the potential risks. When used prudently and for the purpose of risk reduction, these 
instruments can add value to a portfolio. However, when leverage is used excessively and the market goes down, a portfolio can suffer 
tremendously. When options are used to speculate (i.e., buy calls, short puts), a portfolio's returns can suffer and the risk of the portfolio can 
increase. 
• Valuations - Further there have been a number of high profile instances where private equity fund managers have mispriced portfolios, either as an 
act of fraud or negligence. 
• Performance - Past performance is not necessarily indicative and is not a guarantee of a private equity fund's future results or performance. Some 
private equity funds may have little or no operating history or performance and may use hypothetical or pro forma performance that may not reflect 
actual trading done by the manager or advisor and should be reviewed carefully. Investors should not place undue reliance on hypothetical or pro 
forma performance. 
• Limited Liquidity - Investors in private equity funds have limited rights to transfer their investments. In addition, since private equity funds are not 
listed on any exchange, it is not expected that there will be a secondary market for them. Repurchases may be available, but only on a limited 
basis. A private equity fund's manager may deny a request to transfer if it determines that the transfer may result in adverse legal or tax 
consequences for the private equity fund. 
• 
Tax Risks — Investors in certain jurisdictions and in private equity funds generally may be subject to pass-through tax treatment on their investment. 
This may result in an investor incurring tax liabilities during a year in which the investor does not receive a distribution of any cash from the fund. in 
addition, an investor may not receive any or only limited tax information from private equity funds and may not receive tax information from 
underlying managers in a sufficiently timely manner to enable an investor to file its return without requesting an extension of time to Me. In certain 
jurisdictions a lack of tax information may result in an investor being taxed on a deemed basis at an adverse rate of tax. 
• Fees and Expenses - Most private equity funds charge both an asset-based management fee and a performance-based incentive fee or allocation. 
As a result, the fees and expenses associated with private equity investing may exceed those of a long-only mutual fund. 
• Reliance on Fund Manager Lack of Transparency - A private equity fund's manager or general partner has total investment authority over the 
private fund. There is often a lack of transparency as to a private equity fund's underlying investments. Because of this lack of transparency, an 
investor may be unable to monitor the specific investments made by the private equity fund or to know whether the investments are consistent with 
the private equity fund's historic investment philosophy or risk levels. Due to the risks mentioned above, it is important to perform proper due 
diligence in evaluating and choosing private equity fund managers to place your money with. There have been occasions when private equity fund 
managers took on too much risk in their portfolio and lost a substantial amount of their investors' money. 
iCapital. 
STRICTUr. CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039442 
SDNY_GM_00185626 
EFTA01354844

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354845.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Summary of Key Terms 
This is a summary of terms only. This summary of the Access Funds terms is qualified in its entirety by the Private Placement Memorandum of the Access Fund, as may be amended and 
restated or supplemented from time to time, and the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Access Fund. 
Fund Name 
General Partner 
Investment Manager 
Structure 
Strategy 
Minimum Commitment 
Target Size 
Fund Term 
Underlying Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Access Fund' 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). LP 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited 
Glendower Capital. LLP 
English Private Fund Limited Partnership 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP, LLC 
Capital Advisors, LLC 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market globally 
S5 million 
Si 75 b:II:on 
years from the date of the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Dater plus up to 5 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions are at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF IV 
advisory committee) 
For the purposes of making investments and/or paying expenses generally upon 
business da
'prior written notice 
Four years from the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date' 
An AIF MD-compliant depositary will be appointed by the Fund prior to the 
Underlying Fund's first closing. This first closing will not occur prior to the date on 
which such AIFNID-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the 
Underlying Fund's depositary and fund administrator 
Debevoise 8 Plimpton LLP 
Audited annual accounts as well as unaudited quarterly financial statements (2nd 
and 3rd quarters only) and unaucited quarterly capital account statements 
N/A 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
The Access Fund will invest substantially all of its investable assets into the 
Underlying Fund 
5250.000 
N/A 
The Access Fund will continue in existence through the one-year anniversary of the me
dissolution of the Underlying Fund (and accordingly, shall extend automatically 
upon the extension of the Underlying Fund's term), with two additional one-year 
optional extension periods at the discretion of its General Partner 
Capital Calls 
Investment Period 
Administrator 
Legal Counsel 
Reporting 
Placement Fee 
Management Feel 
Investment Period 
Two Years after the end 
of the Investment Period 
Thereafter through the 
end of the Fund term,' 
Carried interest 
Subsequent Closing Fee 
(if not first close) 
Generaly upon 7 business days' notice 
N/A 
Third Party Administrator 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen 8 Hamilton LLP 
Quarterly reports. capital account statements and year-end audited financial 
statements 
Up to 2.00% payable to DBSI or an affiliate thereof?
Net of 15 basis point discount against Underlying Fund fees reserved for 
Access fund only 
1.10% of Committed Capital' 
a 85% of Invested Capital' 
The greater of 90% of previous year and 0 25% of Invested Capital 
50% after an 800% preferred return with a 100% GP catch-up and full 
clawback 
Higher of (a) Three-month USD LIBOR plus 2 00% and (b) 800% 
Access Fund 
During Investment 
Years Following 
L Commitment 
Period" 
Investment Penod5
----- ---- 
---
<53 million 
- <$5 million 
a 75% 
L 
intlIton+t-
00% 
0.75% 
025% 
60% 
25% 
No additional carried interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
Same as the Underlying Fund, including contributions made by Feeder investor;-1
for fees and expenses of the Feeder 
Thereafter 1 
> of 90% I 
of previous 
year or
0.25%5
iCapital. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039443 
SDNY_GM_00185627 
EFTA01354845

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354846.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354846.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Summary of Key Terms 
Note: Investors in the Access Fund will be subject to fees, expenses and performance compensation of the Underlying Fund in addition to 
the Access Fund Fee and Access expenses and will experience lower returns than investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as 
a result of the fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access Fund. DBSI will receive an additional fee, directly or 
indirectly from the Underlying Fund (or its affiliates thereof). 
1) Final Admission Date shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later 
date as determined by the General Partner and consented to by the Advisory Committee. 
2) DBSI in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee payable by any particular Limited Partner. 
3) The Access Fund Management Fee will be split between iCapital Advisors and DBSI, with a substantial portion rebated to DBSI. Please see the 
Private Placement Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. 
4) Calculation basis = Limited Partner's capital commitment. 
5) Calculation basis = Invested Capital as fully defined in the Underlying Fund LPA (generally, Invested Capital at the Underlying Fund is the amount 
of capital invested in investments and the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved for such investments.) 
6) Investors making a subscription equal to or greater than $5 million have the option of investing directly into the Underlying Fund at the Underlying 
Fund's discretion. Any direct investors will not receive the 15 bps discount against management fees from the Underlying Fund. Investors who 
invest directly into the Underlying Fund will not be subject to Access Fund expenses. 
Note: DBSI also acts as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will receive related marketing fees. Please see the Private Placement 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. Neither Glendower Capital, LLP nor iCapital Advisors. LLC are affiliated with DBSI. 
iCapital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039444 
SDNY_GM_00185628 
EFTA01354846

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354847.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 8,91 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNYGM_00185629 
,RICTLY COW DENTAL 
2'1 QUARTER 2018 
ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED 
PURCHASERS ONLY 
DB-SDNY-0039415 
EFTA01354847

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354848.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ct.DuSi 25 Gerald Ford 
Disclaimer 
This confidential presentation (this °Priesentetioril is being communicated to a limited number of sophisticated persons (each a 'Recipient) by Glendower Capital. LL.P ?Glendower') which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct trlleorily, for the purpose of providing certain stmemaiy information about certain eelsting and future funds and accounts that are 
managed or advised by Glendower, including in connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund to be known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP r'SOF 
f1-r` or the 'Fund') The information included in this Presentation is being made available to Recipients on a shictly confidential basis and may not be disclosed or discussed with any person other than 
any Recipient's affiliates or professional advisers who are bound by obligations of confidentiality on a need to know basis Any past performance information herein is not necessarily indicative of 
future results and actual performance may differ materially from any projected or forecasted performance. This Presentation is not: intended to form the basis of any investment decision and 
Recipients must not rely on this Presentation as part of any assessment of whether to substeibei for interests in the Fund This Presentation may not he used for and does not constitute an offer to stet. 
or a solicitation of any otter to subscnbe for or purchase any interests or to engage in any other transaction 
The information in this Presentation is intended to facilitate discussion and is not 
necessarily meaningful or complete without such supplemental discussion 
Each Recipient should consult its diem attorney. business adviser and tax adviser as to alga€, business, tax, accounting and related matters con iceming the eitornation contained herein and any future 
offering of SOF IV. Neither Glendower nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty to any Recipient regarding the legality of an investment en the Fund, the income or tax 
consequences, or the suitability• of an investment for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intended for distribution. and shall not be distributed. in arty jurisdiction•rmere such distribution weeed violate applicable securities laws. 
This Presentation can only be offered to Accredited Investors & Qualified Purchasers. This material is personal to each offense and may only be used by those persons to whom if has been handed 
out. Its being provided to you upon your request ter information concerning the Fund Strictly not tor redistribution. 
Please refer to the 'Important Informatior —Key Definitions.' important Infontiation on the Track Record.' 'Important Information for Recipients in Certain Jurisdictions' and 'Notes to Investment 
Performance' sections at the end of this Presentation for further important information, including a list of defined terms and in respect of the performance information presented herein. 
All references in this Presentation to 1' or-US$' are to US dollars. 
Statements herein are made as of March .31. 2018, unless staled otherwise. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039446 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185630 
EFTA01354848

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354849.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
What is secondary private equity 
A primary private equity ("PE") investment is a direct investment into a PE fund at its inception 
- These funds typically contain few or no underlying assets at the time of investment 
- They usually have twelve to fifteen years of fund life remaining 
A secondary PE investment is an investment into existing PE-backed companies 
- Traditionally via the purchase of fund interests where the buyer acquires the selling investor's interests in a primary fund's 
remaining assets as well as taking on their commitments to meet capital calls in the future 
- This is typically 5+years into a primary PE fund's life but can be at any time 
- Given the absence of trading markets, secondary transactions are less efficient, can be complex and buyers require expertise 
and resources 
The secondary private equity market initially developed as a liquidity tool for primary PE investors. It has since 
expanded over the last two decades to include: 
- The sale and purchase of Limited Partner ("LP") interests in PE funds 
- The sale and purchase of direct PE investments and portfolios 
- Bespoke liquidity solutions for General Partners ("GPs") generally called GP-led restructurings including spin-outs, tail-end 
restructurings, asset liquidations, LP replacements and bespoke fund extensions 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039447 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185631 
EFTA01354849

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354850.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354850.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Benefits of secondary private equity investing 
Attractiveness of secondary opportunities' 
Secondaries can result in earlier cash flows' 
In 'WO 
Timeframe of secondary investment 
1.400 
Pricing 
- Re-price existing funded assets 
1,200 
Flexibility 
— Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
1,000 
Mitigate Blind 
Pool Risk 
— Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
— Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash flows 
800 
600 
Hypothetical 
timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
400 
Mitigate J-
- Shorter duration of investments 
200 
Curve 
— Earlier cash distributions 
(200) 
Years 
Complement 
— Accelerate deployment of capital 
(400) 
Portfolio 
Construction 
— Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure across vintage, 
strategy, industry and geography 
(600) 
Capital calls and managen*nt fees 
Distributions 
tE00) 
Cumilabve cash flows 
(1) This information is for r)ic.!itt:5 win puiposes and reflrrcts Glendower Capitals own analysis. The graph is an example roe illtrstrative purposes only and the actual profile of any given investment may vary substantially. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039448 
SDNY_GM_00185632 
EFTA01354850

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354851.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Why invest in secondary private equity today? 
Secondaries market is 
strong at with US$58 
billion of deal volume in 
2017 
Pricing for funds 
stable but differentiated 
GP-led deals are 
evolving and growing 
Steady supply of 
tail-end funds 
- US$2.8 trillion of primary private equity NAV + unfunded 
- US$600 billion locked in funds 9+ years old 
- Secondary pricing steady at 93% of NAV in 2017 
- Price dispersion between high & low quality GPs / funds is increasing 
- Bespoke liquidity solutions including spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset 
liquidations, LP replacements, bespoke fund extensions 
- These deals represent 24% of the market 
- Number of tail-end funds coming to market increasing, but overall US$ value 
decreasing due to smaller remaining NAV 
- Lack of NAV growth results in trading at moderate discounts 
The information set out in this ..Aide is for 'fluor...-. 
Secondary market 
remains strong, 
increasingly driven by 
post crisis funds 
GP-led secondary 
transactions growing 
faster than market 
Distinctive investment 
strategies continue to 
seek attractive deals 
wows only and summarizes Glendower's analysis of certain information set out over the slides in Section 3 'Secondary Market Update' of th*. presentation 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039449 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185633 
EFTA01354851

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354852.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354852.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039450 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185634 
EFTA01354852

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354853.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
I ntroductiont" 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF IV") 
Glendower Capital is an independent secondary private equity manager owned by its partners 
- Fully funded and operational since its team spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1st, 2017 
- Glendower continues to advise and manage the legacy SOF Program with US$3 billion of third-party client assets 
Our mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
- Strong buyout-like performance with an attractive risk profile, early cash flows and negligible loss ratio 
- Mature SOF Funds show 1.7x Net Multiple and over 20% Net IRR, overall program shows 1.5x Net Multiple and 23% Net IRR 
Glendower Capital is launching SOF IV to continue the successful value-investing strategy pursued since 2006 
- Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality managers globally 
- Across a range of transactions: traditional fund secondaries, GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
- With focus on value creation through in-depth fundamental analysis as opposed to deal structuring and leverage 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior fund 
- In the process of closing US$1.3 billion in a first close in May with ca. 50 investors 
- Second close before the summer at or above target and final closing in 4Q18 
- Active pipeline with two deals for US$200 million closing in May / June and two near term opportunities for additional US$200 million 
;• 
.;'•:: 
(2) Perfoiniance tytires have been calculated based en tine uneudted mferniarce results of ScF. 
aCrE 
is as e: :.-apterul.fra A 
v 
ans. aricara. be lead ana 
the 
:ta"! 
Information" and -Notes to the Investment Performance" sections of this presentation. The "Notes to Investment Performance" section in particular includes. among other things. a desciiption of the terms tared in the 
tables above and sets forth anpatant. guidelines and Fn.:Satiate. as to the performarsie described above. Net p-erlorrname data relleas amourds net of expenses. feel and CEETISti interest. Imieslors should consult with 
lila' own kittOWer₹ as to tin appropriate factors to be otittsidteed i n evesiatiri this inianyzdion Past perfcamance is not a piedichon of theVtra performance of SOF. SOF O. SOF II a SOF lit but is included to 
demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or that any target results will be achieved 
CS; C-iendower Capita Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. L P. PSOF INr or the "Ft it is being foymed by t... i.rgower Capital. LIP rCtienteeri. which is authorized and iegulated by the United Kingdom Financial Con
t
chs.
Authority 
The Fund is sec kini USS1 75 billion in total commitments with the aim of generating attractive risk adjusted investment returns principally in the form of capital appreciation. through the acquisition. hokling 
and disposition of a averse pormho of investments incitAno buyout growth 
Ainti.se capital special siteedions, tumaiound. mezzanine. distressed opportunities. realestate art infrastructure assets from e el 
secondary market The Fund will target globally but primarift in the (15 and Europe (0 the acquisition of inteiests in established generalist and specialist private equity fund structures tincludirg funds of funds. feeder
fords and other similar t,iructures1 on the secondary market 
such fund or structure. a 'Fuld Secondary i. 
the acquisition of atom in DOIMAXA of private eouty assets on the secondary market in transaction's 
with greater complexity eicluding Spin-rn SpfrOttS. taii-end assauctizina. assetriquidati‘-frt. and LP tenders teach 
invevment interest. a icSP-led Secoridarci. arid din inveginents is an individuai portfolio company 
alongside pmeate equity fund sponsors (each such invei:Inient. a 'Single. Asset Dear). 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039451 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185635 
EFTA01354853

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354854.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Overview 
Established investment team active in the secondary market since 20031
Glendower Capital at a glance 
Independent 
partnership 
Established 
platform 
Seasoned 
team 
Extensive 
database & 
relationships 
Established 
operational 
processes 
- Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank in 2017 
- Privately owned by its partners, fully funded 
- Senior team has worked together for 15 years 
- US$3 billion in total client assets2
- London and New York offices 
- 23-strong team expected to grow to 28+ by 2H18 
- 16 investment professionals with an average of 
years of relevant experience 
- Invested in over 350 fund interests over 90 deals 
- Screened thousands of funds over 10 years 
- Integrated, self-contained processes 
- Developed by the Team over 10 years 
Team's history 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli. 
Charles Smith. 
Chi Cheung, 
Deirdre Davies & 
Francesco 
Rigamonti start 
working together to 
earn 
Tears 
Team 
restructure US$6bn 
raises 
raises 
raises 
Deutsche Bank PE 
SOF 
SOF D 
SOF Ili 
proprietary portfolio 
USS565in 
USS147m 
L1S51 550n 
--• 
2003 
2005 2006 2007 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and 
Charles Smith co-found 
the SOF business, a 
self-contained unit with 
its own investment and 
operational processes 
rjj Period since 200.3 Includes time spent by ITWAT0NIS of the core senior management team et Deutsche Sank 
(21 Attuai committed to SOF Funds. 
(SI SOF CI is a Euro denominated furr.l. LIST values. have been converted at the September 30 2017 EURtilSS late of 1.1822.
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Adam 
Graev 
opens New 
York Office 
• 
• 
2010 2011 
Team 
raises 
SOF a 
LiSSCs 1 4 m 
• 
Entire 15-strong 
investment team & 
COO spins-off 
from Deutsche 
Bank in Aug 2017 
to form Glendower 
2014 
2017 
Glendower engaged by 
Deutsche Bank as 
advisor and delegated 
portfolio manager of 
SOF Funds for 
remaining life of funds 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039452 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185636 
EFTA01354854

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354855.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Team 
Core members of senior team have worked together for 15 years 
ai
Role'.ant year.. 
Carlo 
Managing Partner, CEO - London 
Deutsche Bank. CDB Wob Tech: General Electric: 
The Boston Gansuling Group 
tA&A 
ath..161, BlEny Ron., 
a
Deirdre Davies 
Os 
Partner, COO - London 
Deutsche Bank: ABN Mn: KPMG 
n K7^. 
Send., 
, 
Rikesh Mohandoss 
Principal, 
New York 
years with the team 
Jonathan Room. 
0*
Associate, 
London 
years with the team 
Louise Schoeman 
CA .>
Vice President, Finance. 
London 
Re-pined team in 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner, CIO - London 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers Trust; 
Coopers 8 Lybrand 
Camhoelge Unt.o,ati; ALMA 
Joshua Glaser 
O 
Partner, Client Coverage - New York 
Deutsche Bank: Paul Capital: Forum Capital; 
CIBC Oppenheimer 
BS. Tula. U1S,e1111 
Devrup Bennie 
at„ 
Vice President, 
g, 
London 
years with the team 
Doug O'Connell 
Associate. 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
Katherine Weaver 
41) 
Principal, Funds CFO, 
New York 
years with the team 
tit 
Aldrich Chan 
4& 
Vice President, 
New York 
years with the team 
Rafael Enrique; - Hestes 
©-
Associate. 
New York 
Joined in 2018 
Adam Gram 
Partner - New Yon( 
Deutsche Bank: Pomona: Lehman greasers; 
ChatteneelSoros: Cowen 
BA. Coln.ne laineray 
Emilio Olmos 
Managing Director - London 
ADM. UBS. Deutsche Bank. Credit Sur-se 
Pulyterat, ye 
Philippe remeini 
O
. 
ArN 
4.111F 
Vice President 
London 
years nsth the team 
Sheldon Lee 
040 
Analyst, 
London 
Jeered in 2018 
(hiring - 1O181 
[hiring -1O181 
410 
Vice President, Fund 
Controller. New York 
York 
Partner - London 
Deutsche Bank 
MA. Curnlatige Unneevls 
Francesco Rigamonti 
Senior Advisor - London 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo 8 Co 
MBA, unprorsrly 
• 
MA. Milan Uric:. 
ri
Victoa Loidl 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the learn 
(luring - 1O181 
U 
Associate. 
London 
Maxine Turner 
0* 
Vice President, Tax, New 
Executive Assistant 
London 
years with the team 
Elena Sinirnova 
Vice President. 
London 
years with the team 
Helena Turley 
0, 
Client Relations. 
London 
Reloined team in 2017 
Maria Gianoli-Franklin 
Executive Assistant 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039453 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185637 
EFTA01354855

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354856.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354856.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDOS125 Gerald Ford 
Established track record 
SOF Funds as of September 30, 2017A 2 3
Fund 
SOF 
Vintage 
2006 
(development stage) 
(harvesting) 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
Total 
Fund size 
US$565m 
US$147m 
US$614m 
US$1,654m 
US$2,980m 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
/ 154 / 1,774 
/ 28 / 193 
/ 75 / 737 
/ 149 / 2,837 
Gross multiple 
2.1x 
3.0x 
1.7x 
1.4x 
1.6x 
Gross IRR 
29% 
37% 
23% 
31% 
28% 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
1.8x 
2.3x 
1.5x 
1.3x 
1.5x 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
1.8x 
2.1x 
1.2x 
0.3x 
0.9x 
Net IRR 
22% 
29% 
20% 
30% 
23% 
Peak net contributed capital 
26% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
(I) Performance figuret 113W been calculated bayed on the unatidted performance results of SOF. SOF 0. SOF and SOF Ill as of September 30 2017 and alxuad he mad and levier:ex' in (Anti Indian valli the "Inipodart 
information and -Notes lo Performance Inkirmation" sectsons of this presentation. Gross returns are prose of ftses. expenses arc carried merest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses tees arlo carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the appropriate factors to be considerecrin evaltuting this information. Past pedamnance is nol a prediction of the futise performance of SOF. SOF ID SOF 
cm SOF ill but rs ineklded 
Clernonsuate the track record of the Glendower SCiF Team anti lime can be no assurance that SOF IV vat achmviv compare/ixr refits or that 'lay target ratiltv Sill he aciathA.1 &'e 
important information on the Track Record' sectors of this PrereentWOn. 
(2) SOF 0 is a Euro denominated h4 US.; v2AufiS, have been con-Natal at Santa's:bet 30. all 7 ails:US$ rate of 1 1322. 
(3) Both SOF and SOP I) are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio - a well diversified portfolio of 2e private equity funds purchased through an SPV. providing exposure to buyout. special sitintions..ventum capital and real 
estate sUate(Yes ki North Amer na. Europe and Asia The number VI atria anti Companies re a beet tamale and Want; the agratseitoOt &Ki
sh deal at closicsa text may inek4i, ia.laie double courting. 
Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI it Distributions to Paid in Capital: IRR r  Internal Rate of Return. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039454 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185638 
EFTA01354856

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354857.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLD0S125 Gerald Ford 
Consistent top returns among peers 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performance' 7'3
Secondary funds: Net IRR4 to limited partners 
Secondary funds: Net multiples to limited partners 
50% - 
45% - 
40% - 
35% 
et 30% - 
ix 
1; 25% - 
5% - 
0% 
+ Upper Quartile 
S0F 
22% 
t 
Lower Quartile 
• Median 
SOF D 
29% 
SOF II 
20% 
SOF III 
30% 
5x 
0.5x • 
0.0x 
SOF 
TVPI = 1.84x 
DPI = 1.80x 
SOF D 
TVPI =2.3x 
DPI = 2.1x 
SOF II 
TVPI = 1 5x 
DPI= 1.2x 
SOF III 
TVPI = 1 3x 
DPI = 0.3x 
'04 
'05 
'06 
'07 
'08 
'09 
'10 
'11 
'12 
'13 
'14 
• Index DPI 
Index RVPI 
SOF funds DPI 
SOF funds RVPI 
11) Source' Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of September 30. 2017 based on data complied from 140 secondary tune1.1 with a rni:ii 
4ncis ;or ,ear. ;r\-iuding fully liquidated partnerships. 
formed between Ld04 awl 2014 ES(11 SOF Fund its shovm bendunteked against 
co
their respeet 
vintage peer uttyyp.This infoossion utter...m.(1 
rnpanei.1n Si SOF. son 
s 
I arid SOF 
performance against one 
benchmark a=y;quart*ea MaY differ When ocifillsred to other benchmarking sotates. S 
we 
OF. SOF J. SCir ri and SO+ Ili data son included in Ws data set reed to calculatethe SeriChltaitt data 
(21 +damnation yes/sited in this chart is based on the marched results of SOF, SOF 0. SOF II and SOF III as c4 September 3D. 2017 and st
d be read and renewedin conitattion With the 'Important Information" and
Nast to investinent Performance Int rnabon' sections of this tiOGIIIISrit 
(31 Past performance is n'$ a prediction of the future IS0110MISt4:6 of SOF. SOF 0, SOF b or SOF ill but n; included to denemstrae the track record L4 the Sallower SOF Team. 
(41 internal rates of returns are net of fees. expenses and tamed interest. Cambridge .Assoaates research shows that most funds take et feast sly years to settle irto their final quartile ranlong, and iNeVIOUS to this settling 
111, 
tYP•IalfY rank in 2-3 oliWi.ftWIlinink therefore fund or ber10‘4113ik P•ddn'ivalee Metrics from more recent vintage years may be less ineenieged. Median, is the muddle fund !RI? or the (gaup of individual fund iRRs 
recteded m a vin wag year imintintn 3 fundsL Lipper/ Iowa quartile are Vs threske.- 
for the epee-T(1c* 25%) and 
(batois "4%) quartis+ based on €r 
fteMIRRs inc€uded in a cnr₹ape year and are iised 
in conjunellon with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum 3 finds). 
CS3 CiPi 
Distiibetiors to a,d-€n Capital: P,Mr1i 'a Residual Vats to Paid-in Capita TYPE:: Total Valve to Paid+1 Captal. TAN. Rs PI and shy€ are p4oted reken awiegating all cash le:4 vs and endiiv *Ws in a sample to 
calmilate a dollar4ac-ighterl return.
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039455 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185639 
EFTA01354857

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354858.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354858.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profile' 
SOF Funds outperform Cambridge Associates buyout top-quartile benchmark 
TVPI in line with top-quartile buyout funds... 
...With a secondary cashflow profile 
SOF III 
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
DPI2
2.5x 
2.04 
1.5x 
1.0x 
0.5x 
0.0x 
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Buyout Top Quaint. 
SOF Program 
Vintage Year 
Delivering a compelling risk / reward profile 
Net IRR2
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Village Year 
(1) Source' Cambridoe At=tcsates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. This information reflects a comparison of SOF. SOP D. SOF II & SOF Ill performance easeful one benchmark only 
Past 
padannanot is na a ()Fedi:arch c' the inure performaree of SOF. SOF D, SOP 
aa SOF III ttit 
laduded to demonstrate the track !scars.' of the Glendower SOP Team. Informearon-plesented in this tarts based on 
the urvaudaect results at SOF. SOF D. SOF if and SG? III as of September $0. 2017 and shoed he read and reviewed er conjunction with the important Information and 'Notes to InVestment Performance Information" 
sec.-P(41S (}ftlUtt presentation 
(21 TVPI= Total Wagner Pard-In Capital, DPI = Digniblitione to Paid.ln Capital: Net iRR = Net Internal Rate of Return. 
and DPI are pooled return aggregating all cash flours and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a 
doier-weighted Fetish. Not IRRts are nut of fees. erupt:ruses and carried tattiest Cambiktge Associates research shows that 0166l funds lake at least sax yearsto settle into then filet quartile ranking. and previousto Les 
st-ttang they typically tar* in 24 other quartiles. theitfore foc4 or becohmark perkumuirr_oi metriCS :'rout me recant velage years may be 'was meaiingfrd. Top quartile is the thresrod for the upper (top 
quart* 
based co the Individual fund IRRs included es a vintage year and are used in conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (minims') f.4 funds) 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039456 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185640 
EFTA01354858

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354859.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354859.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF Program compares favourably to public markets 
Performance data as of September 30, 2017'-',•5
SOF Funds have delivered attractive performance compared to major public market indices 
40% 
35% - 
30% • 
25% - 
cr 
-20%-
15% - 
10% - 
5% - 
0% 
22% 
0% 
3% 
29% 
12% 
12% 
9% 
21% 
20% 
12% 
12% 
18% 
30% 
15% 15% 
12% 
SOF (2006) 
SOF D (2010) 
SOF 11 (2011) 
SOF III (2014) 
■Glendower Net IRR 
MSCI World 
Russell 2000 
■Thomson Reuters 
______ I
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
23% 
15% 
9% 
SOF Program 
II) Performance figures have been calculated bases 
SOF. WE D. SOF 
• 
jl OF Ill as of September 30. 2017 and shock₹ he read and reviewed in conjunction with the 'Important 
Information' and -Notes to Performance Infonnator seci 
• 
ci-csccJe: • n 
s return'; are wen of 
expenses andcarried Eterest. Net pertermanoe reflects amounts net of expenses. lees art yarded 
interest. Irryestors should consult with their own adsfisers ns tothe apPropnate Lectors to to considelectin exafirdtino thiS information Past perlormanca k not a prediction of the finite performance of SOF. SOF D SOF 
II or SOF III but m included to demonstrate the track recall of the Glendower SOF leers and there can be no assurance that SOF IV wilt achieve comparable resells or that any target results will be anise rd See 
'Important Informatren- and "Notes to Investrriert Portormaxe- sections of this presentation 
12) MSC₹ World Index and Russell 2(A) Incisor ratunm are based on total return Thomsen Retj saes Private Equity Buyout Index reams are based on prier. These benchmark indices do rut represent an appropriate 
benchmark to compare the performance of Ilse SOF Funds. but raneeis disclosed solely to Ldnes companson to that of certain weadocesn and sadely recognized indices. 
i31 Methydology. The Long Nickels mettnel has been used to calculate the PMEs. Net cash flows lel the SOF Funds are ftwicaled in each illaCk. Fos exhirt(Itt. RI when capital is drawn town an mystwor an equivalent 
amount re masted in tea; index on the spea₹ic 
and 
when caplet 
cfstrafistrei to an investor ads; s' ysithdrawn" from the index on the same <fide. A tbabretv.Asl terminal 'sake 
perreiate-i based on the 'ironic 
of the total index Net IRR a calculated trungtte cashflok replicated n the irdex and the theoretical terminal value. Recallable distributions have been tre.aterA using the 'all in method 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CR M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039457 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185641 
EFTA01354859

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354860.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354860.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF Funds show consistent performance1
Across different fund sizes, fund vintages and economic cycles 
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
Net IRR 
30% 
100% 
min
SOF 
—SOF 11 
60% 
40% 
20% 
0% 
20% 
-40% 
-60% 
27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
DPI (Distributed to Paid-In Capital) 
20A 
1.6x 
1.4X 
I 24 
1.0x 
0.40t 
0.6x 
4x 
0,2x 
0.0x 
Quarters from inception 
-$PF 
seem`.SOF 
80% 
40% — 
20% 
ESOP 
sami
$40F 4 
HI 
11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters frominception 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid-In Capital) 
SOF 
--SOF 
---SOF III 
2.0x 
54 
1.0x 
0.5x 
OX 
3 
13 15 It 19 21 23 25 
31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quartets fromincepton 
Caters tromneeption 
(1) Performance figures have been caletaated based on the unaudited performance results of SOF. -SOF II and SOF III as of September '30. 2017 anti should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Impoltaii 
Infuf rnation" and Noteps to Per lormance Informatiori sections of this presentation. Peet perfonoart* is not a predicts of luttee returns and there can be no assurance that S0F IV will ecNeve comparable Jesuits or tt•ti:t 
3ny target ;vaults 40H peJictoeved tr4re is nO guarantee that future pgriforniarce will be conststent with past performance of SOF. SOF II and SOF Ill. Performance information oeSOF D has riot teen iricksiwii on lets 
xlae becayse SOF 0 is a single transaction top up fund raised in 2010 to Ullfierfilite pariipassu the Oa Wr1n transaction with SOF. Glendower does not so pc-ct that similar tram.actions will be available to SOF IV. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039458 
SDNY_GM_00185642 
EFTA01354860

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354861.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
-11 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039459 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185643 
EFTA01354861

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354862.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354862.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF Funds positioned as mid-sized value investor 
Below large levered beta players, above small local funds 
Secondary funds raised or in fundraising 1996-20181
Fund Size 
(USS000) 
L 
..., 
.‘ 
• 
• 
• 
Levered beta play 
PE market index 
Volume-driven 
10,000  
<S1bin 
$1-3bn 
• >$3bn 
• Glendower Capital 
3,000 
• Alpha play 
M 
• Value investing 
• Selective sourcing 
1,000 
• Low barriers to entry 
a 
Cis ' 
r 
S 
• Smaller deals 
Local sourcing 
,..1
• Very competitive 
? 
O
O 
O 
O 
O 
c;
O 
100 
1996 
•
SOF III 
,... b 
1—il 
/ 
. ,,
— 
: 
. 
I 
SOF II 
18! 
t. 
il ri
SO; and SOF D 
:),
 Cl ., c> fr.:, ,1
O 
riii 
' 
14.
ti 
, 
o 
r
o 
o 
o 
O 
o 
pot
.%. 
c 
el 
O 
Q 
C: 
P, 
c 
c'. 
• 
SOF IV 
1998 
2000 
2002 
2004 
2006 
2008 
2010 
2012 
2014 
2016 
2018 
-10 players 
-10 players 
>50 players 
(1; Glendower Capital own market segmentation analysis. Data source'. Pregin database end Glendower Capital own market intelligence as of November 2017. Includes target fund sizes for funds that are currently raising.
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039460 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185644 
EFTA01354862

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354863.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354863.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower has a distinctive investment strategy 
Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality managers 
Source less competitive deals 
globally 
Average deal size of US$40m: 
• Mature fund secondaries of US$5-100m 
• Mid-market GP-led deals of USS100-250m 
• Single-asset deals of US$25-50m 
Focus on efficient portfolio 
construction 
• No leverage at transaction level and 
limited at portfolio level 
• Hedging to mitigate 50-60% of currency 
volatility 
• Portfolio diversified across ca. 35 deals to 
seek to mitigate 90%+ of non-market risk' 
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
• Transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
• Mid-sized alpha value investor vs large 
levered beta play 
• Value creation through in-depth 
fundamental analysis vs deal structuring 
Buy margin of safety 
Purchased 350+ mature fund interests at a 
discount over 10 years: 
• Average 20% discount to FMV 
• Average -80% funded at time of entry 
ill Source: Glendower's assessment based on portfolio management theory. There can be no asstrance that efforts to mitigate risk will be successful. Further. Glendower may modify its portfolio constriction cnteria at any 
time at:4 in any 
ntwrth 
thm it LA, Wives to be f.fonsneent With ittl overoli investment 01:jot:Ir.* in respcnse to nialkst within:its or other l*:ftorit withaft notice to io.vestors. 
Inform ation prodded as at September 30, 2017 Thee can be no assurance that the strategy will be successful in the future or that losses will De avoided. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185645 
DB-SDNY-0039461 
EFTA01354863

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354864.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354864.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDOS125 Gerald Ford 
Disciplined barbell approach adjusted to market cycles 
Dialling up / down deal types relative to segment attractiveness 
Description 
Fund Secondaries 
GP-led Secondaries 
Traditional purchase of fund interests: 
Be-spoke liquidity solutions: 
Single Asset Deals 
Purchase of interests in single assets: 
• Single LP position 
• Restructuring of existing funds 
• GP-led secondaries of one asset 
• Portfolios of LP positions 
• Spin-outs 
• Fundless sponsor deals 
• Fund of funds 
• Recapitalizations 
• Secondary co-investments 
• LP tenders 
• Portfolios of assets 
• Co-investments 
Markets 
• Many participants 
• Fewer participants with demonstrated underwriting capabilities 
• 10-15% IRR / 1.3-1.4x MOIC gross 
• 15-20% IRR / 1.6-1.7x MOIC gross 
Buy aggressively during periods of 
Buy selectively during periods 
Glendower Capital 
high volatility and illiquidity 
of low volatility and high liquidity 
Deal size 
Expected allocation 
Deals since 20072
Gross returns2
SOF (harvested)3
SOF II (maturing)3
SOF III (early stage)3
US$5-100m 
US$100-250m 
US$25-50m 
40-60% 
Up to 40% 
Up to 20% 
transactions 
42% IRR and 2.2x MOIC 
20% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
48% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
transactions 
9% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
30% IRR and 1.9x MOIC 
36% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
transactions 
18% IRR and 3.0x MOIC 
21% IRR and 1.7x MOIC 
2% IRR and 1.0x MOIC 
0; 
es, i,: !.,i!i“Cf market z.turns based on vex, triarkeit intelligence. 
i2) As of September X30. 2017. Gross returns do not reflect the priority profit share, carried inter,st. taxes transaction costs and other expenses. Performance haves have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performarice recut. and shoald be read and revtewed 
corpetction vedh the 'Importers Inorrnaon" aryl 'Notes
the investment Perforrnanc-s' sections of 
preeentatiqt Er* above investment Ferlormarr.e' 
section in particular Includes. among other things. a desorption of the terms used in the tables above and sets forth important guidelines and limitations as to the per
 descrbed
 Past performance rs no te
a 
of the lutuie p.erformance 
(3) For fund-levet net returns please refer to the overall transaction summaries for SOF. SOF II and SOF III on pages 43. 45 and 47. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185646 
DB-SDNY-0039462 
EFTA01354864

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354865.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354865.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDOS125 Gerald Ford 
GP-led transactions can present an attractive risk-reward profile  
Glendower Capital has been active since 2007 in this space 
GP-Led transactions have significantly evolved over the last 5 years 
- Deals in the early days were often associated with (quasi) zombie GPs and were not always crafted in the best interest of existing LPs 
- Today, quality managers are proactively providing liquidity options to their LPs, often with an advisor retained to validate the process 
GP-led opportunities can present a number of advantages over a traditional acquisition of a LP interest 
- An accretive and complementary strategy to the mainstream secondary dealflow 
- Glendower has developed an extensive track records over 15 transactions with gross c.1.6x MOIC / 22% Gross IRR2
- In-depth due diligence on GPs and their teams 
- In-depth due diligence on concentrated portfolios, including onsite meetings with underlying companies' management teams 
- Bespoke design of a new fund and its terms to provide full re-alignment of interests between the GP and Glendower: 
Budgeted fees, significant GP co-investment, and ratcheted carried interest structure 
- Incentivisation / protection of specific individuals within the GP that are key to generate value in the existing portfolio 
Negative governance rights, including veto rights on add-on investments, recapitalizations, etc. 
- Limited to no use of leverage / deferred structures 
- underwriting returns based on attractive entry price and portfolio value creation 
l) As ct Sept;entv "S). . 2017. Performance figures have bgen cricul ed based on It* rasaudifed performance results and should be read and revierved in tors:Acton vAh the -important Infcgrnatsan" and 'Wes to the 
Investment Performance' sections of this presentation, 'I he 'Notes to Investment Performance section in particular includes. among other things. a description of the terms used in the tables above and sets forth 
irnrx>rtard.guidelirgs and lima:biro& este the bed:amen& described above Past performance 
nc* a [svgs./atoll of the filtrol Mr[04rerattb. 
(2 Please refer to the overall transaction summaries for SOF, SOF O, SOF li and SOF III on pages 43. 45 and 47. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039463 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185647 
EFTA01354865

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354866.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Rigorous sourcing and deal selection process 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
-3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions' over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in oven 350 funds globally 
• 
Wind-down of USS6bn DB PE proprietary pod€olio 
Fitters 
Filters 
Filters 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c. 100 transactions' 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer. own spin-off 
Source. Glete . Capital pipraataiy information as at 15 Rhich 2018. r4i.--nber of trane.ecicos Ine.S.eies 
irpreernails armi splits out transactions vfh;ch have, been ...znetaialed in one &3,1 for rer.tetinc; 
purpose:a 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039464 
SDNY_GM_00185648 
EFTA01354866

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354867.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Fund Secondaries transactions 
liustrative case studies 
-01 
Zi 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Discounts 
Funds I 
assets / 
region 
Seller 
Description 
re 
.2> 
Modigliani 
US$38m 
funds 
European 
• Proprietary deals from family offices redeploying capital away from PE 
(SOF II) 
34% 
225 assets 
Global 
family offices • Liquidity solution on complex illiquid feeder funds structured to address 
tax and legal requirements 
Globally diversified portfolio of mature (84% funded) funds managed by 
CD&R, Apollo, Carlyle, KKR, Apax, MidOcean, MSREF, CDH 
Whitney 
USS64m 
fund 
US 
• Single LP position in fully funded European LBO fund managed by KKR 
(SOF II) 
27% 
assets 
pension fund • US seller redeploying capital away from Europe during 2012 crisis 
Europe 
• Short fuse process with few pre-selected bidders 
 
• SOF Team knew fund well 
• Attractive structure with significant purchase price deferral 
Flute 
US$54m 
funds 
Sovereign 
Seller motivated to wind down portfolio by year end 
(SOF III) 
26% 
500+ assets 
Global 
Wealth Fund • Mature (93% funded) portfolio of highly diversified fund interests in 17 
mid-market buyout funds spread across Europe, US and Asia 
• Top interests include funds managed by Affinity. Calera, CVC 
V 
• Attractive deferral structure with bulk of liquidity events expected in the 
first two years of the transaction 
Amy 
US$36m 
funds 
Family office • Proprietary deal tracked for five years before completion 
(SOF III) 
37% 
500+ assets 
• Seller seeking to actively manage its private equity portfolio 
Global 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature funds generating strong cash flows 
and managed by Carlyle, Blackstone, Bridgepoint and CVC 
Significant pre-closing distributions representing 25% of portfolio NAV 
 C.-.3 I e n ClOWer 
 Cfinal 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039465 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185649 
EFTA01354867

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354868.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
liustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Funds / 
Seller 
Description 
Discount' 
assets / 
region 
Porter 
US$220m 
funds 
Multiple 
Motivated GP seeking to recapitalize 2006 mid-market fund and provide 
(SOF II & 
9% 
assets 
liquidity to fatigued investor base 
SOF III) 
US 
Eight US market leading companies in the construction sector with visible 
growth potential, low leverage 
• Significant downside protection through securities owned (senior, PIK 
preferred and structured notes) 
• GP known to SOF Team through prior fund investment 
Southern 
• Motivated, distressed sole LP seeking to divest its captive, non-core 
European 
private equity business 
bank 
• 33 buyout, growth equity, real estate and energy assets in 11 funds in UK, 
France, Poland, Czech Rep., Bulgaria, Macedonia and Turkey 
• Highly structured deal allowed for full asset due diligence 
• Downsized captive team led by new CEO hired by SOF Team 
Laurel 
US$147m 
fund 
(SOF II & 
24% 
assets 
SOF III) 
Europe 
lonesco 
US$28m 
asset 
(SOF II) 
NA 
Europe 
Fitzgerald II 
US$37m 
asset 
(SOF III) 
10% 
US 
 Ulendower 
 Capital 
LBO fund 
• Opportunity to underwrite attractive LBO of leading manufacturer of 
polymer substrate for bank notes 
• GP motivated to quickly syndicate investment after broken auction 
blocked by Central Banks 
Company benefited from Bank of England contract for £5 and El 0 notes 
Global 
Secondary purchase of co-investment position in First Data, a leading 
bank 
payment processing company 
• Motivated seller was a bank invested in original buyout who had to sell for 
regulatory capital reasons ahead of IPO 
• Asset well known to the SOF Team 
STR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
L. 
C 
O C
re 45 
I 
I 
 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039466 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185650 
EFTA01354868

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354869.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039467 
SDNY_GM_00 185651 
EFTA01354869

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354870.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Secondary market volume remains at record levels 
Market is evolving with GP-led transactions now representing 25% of volume 
Secondary market volumes 2006 - 2018F 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018F 
GP-led Secondary 
■ Fund Secondary 
Source. Glendower Gapils analysis. and own esainates based on Greenhill Secondary Markel Trends & LASlook, Jancay 2018: G•eertrill GP &Attica% DIscr.Ntwn 1Mterats. May 2017: and Dow Jon-es Pr ;ate &tasty 
Analyst Guide to the Secondary Marker. June 201! . 
F = Forecast There la rte warmitee the eVirnate tiFhliatted wilmerraze. 
Past market volume is not a prediction or gttarantE•e of future market volume. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039468 
SDNY_GM_00185652 
EFTA01354870

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354871.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354871.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Secondary market driven by global PE market growth... 
...And increased propensity to trade 
Total PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillion' 
US$bn 
3.000 
2,500 - 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 - 
500 - 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Ni Unrealised portfoho value 
Dry powder 
Annual secondary volumes now 1-2% of total PE2
2.2% • 
2.0% • 
1.8% 
1.6% • 
1.4% 
1.2% • 
1.0% 
0.8% • 
0.6% • 
0.4% 
0.2% 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
—As % of total PE assets 
(1) Source: 2018 Pregin Gobs! Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 2017 values as at June. 
(2) Source- Glendower Capital based on 2ifie Preqin Gobal Priate Equity & Venture Capnal Rep/...it. Greenhill Secondary Piliwket Tres
W
&
ok, ..ljnt.. 
IS;
ary 
S: arci Dow Ivrea Private Ecitity Mats: 
Seconckary Market. June 2017. 
Guide to the 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039469 
SDNY_GM_00185653 
EFTA01354871

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354872.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354872.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Stable secondary pricing driven by rational participants 
n 2017 average pricing of 93% of NAV as of record dates 
Secondary market pricing of private equity fund interests remains stable 
Pricing 
110 
100 
Overheated marketin 2006 and 2007 
Premiums paid for over-levered companies 
marked to the top of the market 
% of NAV 
108 
104 
Few transacbons dosed at this pricing 
Mostly unfunded LP interests 
Pricing back to normalized historical levels 
- 
Stable for 7 years at 80-90ca 
Annual volume USSbn 
.93 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Secondary market volume 
—Secondary market pricing 
Bubble 
Crisis 
Normalized 
irce- Glendower eapital analysis ask estimates btm.te-.1 Un Gieerthill Secondary Maritsa Trends & Outlook iztEtti 
• 2JiS. Ceyertt Parkins Saconciary kithket "Fiords & Duna*..k..4y :2014.; Cove 
Partriar Secondwy 
Market Update, March Wet9". aid Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market. June 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039470 
SDNY_GM_00185654 
EFTA01354872

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354873.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Secondary market shows a balanced capitalization 
Strong secondary capital supply'... 
US$bn 
... but dry powder/deal volume remains balanced2
US$bn 
140
700 
125 
Dry Powder 
3.7x 
120 
600 
• Deal volume 
<1- Cry Fbw der 
Deal Volurre 
100 - 
500 
GlendowerCapital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deployin Secondaries 
400 
300 
• 
200 
••• 
1: 
2.2x
100 
iil 
MI 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
ii) Source: Glendower Capital estirr 
(21 ource, Glendower C..t.wit 
Report 2018 
Glendower 
Capital 
Secondaries 
Buyout 
a sed on Greenhil Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis. January 2018. 
on 2018 Primp Global Private Forirty & %Immure Carat Repolt. GreentiO Seculdary Pri6ra Trends & Analysis. Jws.ery 2018 and Bain & Company Glotrzl Private Etat.,
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039471 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185655 
EFTA01354873

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354874.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Significant unrealized value still locked in tail-end funds 
Seller composition expected to remain diverse 
Unrealized PE value: US$600bn in pre-crisis vintages' 
Seller composition breakdown2
US$bn 
250 
200 
201 
186 
226 
193 
150 
137 
149 
144 
129 
100 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 
issztilas 
itt Serurre' ar17 Preqin GoL4 Private Equity S Ventrire Cacital Recon. 
1.2) Sorrrce. Greenhill Secondary Market Trends 8 Outlook. January 2018 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Financial 
Institutions 
12% 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office I 
„dada 
Other 
6% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039472 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185656 
EFTA01354874

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354875.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354875.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
GP-led transactions are a growing source of supply 
Secondary bespoke liquidity solutions are now part of the GP toolkit 
GP-led transactions now represent 20-25% of the secondary market 
GPs seeking 
Brand-name 
liquidity for worse 
managers 
performing funds or 
fund term extension 
Illustrative transachons 
......... 
le '3, Partners 
DIAMOND CAIST1.! 
YE C:7 
One Ecpady Partners 
WARMINGPlait1p. 
DNUANCED
• 
Lt^zir1/2.t.1 Can in!. 
Mid-market GPs 
DUKE 
looking to provide a 
STREET 
Quality 
• liquidity option in 
ilka:Yr-..• :Anna 
mid-market 
year 10+ or 
GMT 
managers 
• bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
. 
road 
•
g 
RAI] 
SbnA 
4:4,Y4n1 
Zurmont Madison 
STAGE 
Under- 
Zombies looking for 
performing 
solutions make 
managers 
unlikely targets 
ZOMBIE GPs 
USSbn 
a 2.4 
2.7 
1.9 
18% 
CAGR 
• . 
0.6 
1.9 
8.2 
7.1 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
9.0 
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
GP-led secondaries 
—GP-led secondaries as % of total 
(1) Sd-Am ce. Glendower Capital analysis based on Greenhil Secondary Market !' eay.ls. 3 Outlook. January 201 S; and Dow Jones Private Equity Anislyst Guide to the Secondary Market, June 2917 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039473 
SDNY_GM_00185657 
EFTA01354875

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354876.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354876.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
:16 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039474 
SDNY_GM_00185658 
EFTA01354876

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354877.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354877.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF Ill Portfolio - Highlights 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Investment strategy 
Vintage 
2014 
Fund size 
US$1.654m 
Gross invested capital 
931m 
Performance as of September 30, 2017 
Capital called 
1.036m 
Distributions. net 
316m 
0.30x 
Remaining NAV 
1.026m 
0.99x 
Total net return 
US$1.342m 
130x 
30% 
58% 
Asset geography 
Vintage year 
Europe 
45% 
North 
America 
4,4% 
RoW 
3% 
Asia 
Pacific 
8% 
• Large Buyout 
• Mid-Market Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
17% 
12% 
II 
10% 
26% 
• Pre 2005 
• 2005 - 2006 
24% 
2007 - 2008 
2009 -2011 
2012 - 2015 
2016 - 2017 
Sector composition 
As at fripttisthor ?O. 2017. Past perforifitseze is not a gursaritee or indleolor ci ftt zu results . and :heft. Pan be no assurance that the fund will achieve cosepteable results 
TI,i, page should be reviewed in conjunction with the 'Important Irdonnation• and 'Notes to Irrrestment Fedorrnonce' sections of this Presentation 
Consumer 
Healthcare 
I* 
Industrials 
co 
Real Estate 
Financial Services 
Business Services 
CI
Technology 
 Comrrunications & Media 
li
3% 
Natural Resources 
5%1i 
Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039475 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185659 
EFTA01354877

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354878.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354878.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLGUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF Ill Portfolio - Sponsor exposure 
GPs listed below represent ca. 90% of SOF III current exposure 
Other 
e
HIGHSTAR d CA.P:TAL 
CIN MI; 
ANE 
PAWNER::
Real Estate 
COLONY 
NORTHSTAR 
Morgan Stanley 
A RCO REAL ESTATE 
Amadeus Capital Partners 
Exposure to SOF III is based on Fair Market Value as of September 30. 2017. 
KKR 
itnr9opc,nt 
Buyout 
Growth Equity 
rcv 
octopus veriz,..res 
Palamon 
%odor—
Glendower 
Capital 
Gilds 
Buy Out 
Patton 
t . hi R. 
tt 
Os Pollen 
7.1— Street 
• 
Capital 
DUKE 
STREET 
STAG E 
tisj
Lou. Palms-CAPITAL 
Capital 
GMT 
*VIM 
'Quadrangle 
Zumont Madison 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
SMITHFI E 
ET 
ENHANCED 
EOUFTV 
FUNDS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039476 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185660 
EFTA01354878

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354879.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF IV - Near term pipeline 
As of March 31, 2018 
Project Code 
Deal Type 
Region 
Sunrise 
Stage 
Sourcing 
Deal Size 
SOF IV 
Description 
Investment 
• 
Restructuring of 5 asset portfolio across well-known 
GP-led 
North America 
Exclusive 
Intermediated 
$524 million 
$100 million 
brands in the restaurant and fitness sectors with a 
middle-market GP that has a very strong track record 
• 
Restructuring of a portfolio of 4 remaining companies in 
Klein 
GP-led 
EMEA 
Exclusive 
Proprietary 
€60-100 million 
€60-100 million 
the Consumer and Business Services sectors, managed 
by a UK-based middle-market GP 
• 
Penguin II 
GP-led 
Global 
Exclusive 
Proprietary 
€150 million 
€150 million 
Opportunity to invest in a GP-led transaction with key 
value drivers in the educational and industrial sectors 
• 
A 
Single Fund 
APAC 
Advanced 
Proprietary 
$6 million 
$6 million 
Insurance company selling a limited partnership interest 
in an Asian growth equity fund 
Late-stage primary investment to a fund of diversified, 
B 
Single Fund 
Global 
Advanced 
Proprietary 
$50 million 
$50 million 
senior secured, corporate credit portfolios accessed 
through CL0 investments 
Funds 
Financial institution selling remaining private equity 
C 
Global 
Early Stage 
Intermediated 
$50 million 
$50 million 
portfolio, including buyout, venture capital, growth equity 
Portfolio 
and mezzanine funds 
D 
Funds 
• 
Opportunity to purchase a portfolio of 9 limited 
Global 
Early Stage 
Intermediated 
$200 million 
$200 million 
Portfolio 
partnership interests in global buyout funds 
E 
• 
Spin-off of private equity team from a financial institution 
GP-led 
APAC 
Early Stage 
Limited Process $1.4 billion 
$100+ million 
together with a portfolio of 40 companies across Asia 
Single asset 
• 
Opportunity to purchase founders shares in an existing 
F 
North America 
Early Stage 
Proprietary 
$20 million 
$20 million 
portfolio company in Project Porter. The company is a 
deal 
leading wholesaler of home decor products 
.or diSCASICI) purposes only There re no guarantee that any pipeline investment we' complete- or form pan of a future invested portfolio or that e will be available or, after further due diligence. prove suitable for
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039477 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00 185661 
EFTA01354879

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354880.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF IV - Project Sunrise 
Sole deal lead 
Expected Closing Date: 
April 2018 
K 
Fund Secondary 
SeGP-led Secondary D Single Asset Deal 
Seller type: 
Alternative funds 
Key investment data 
Transaction summary 
Invested Capital at close 
ca. $100m 
Number of companies 
Discount to NAV at close 
7% 
Strategy 
Mid-market buyout 
Gross multiple at close 
1.1x 
Region 
US 
0/0 funded at close 
100% 
Industries 
Consumer 
Use of leverage 
No 
Average age at purchase 
years 
Description 
- Motivated quality GP seeking to continue growing 5 attractive mid-
market investments while providing liquidity to LPs 
- Largest two assets are franchisees of a well-known dining brand that 
has outperformed the broader dining industry over past ten years 
- Third value driver is one of the largest Tex-Mex casual dining brands in 
the US with a valuable licensing business 
- The portfolio also includes a leading burger QSR and a franchisee in 
the largest fitness brand focused on low-cost and high-value 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
- Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
- Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
Investment rationale 
- GP with strong track record 
- Attractive entry valuation at blended 7.0x LTM EBITDA multiple 
- Conservative capital structure: 2.4x leverage across the portfolio 
- Strong free cash flow and downside protection via preferred securities 
For disc-km..5km proposes tiijy. The irr.w4troant preseresd above I . F. ri*1 cliose-i. Or*, there i6 no .juatantera that st., 1 investmeol 
cconpWe or form pail of 
IL.Irire invested portlVio of that it will ha al:allot:4pr. after lute' 
due diligence. prove suitable for SOF DI. This slide should be reed and reviewed in conjunction with the 'Imponant Information and "Impoilant Perfoi mance Intorrnabon and Notes to Investment Pedormance sections. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039478 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185662 
EFTA01354880

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354881.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF IV — Project Klein 
Exclusive deal 
Expected Closing Date: 
June 2018 
Li Fund Secondary 
NeGP-led Secondary D Single Asset Deal 
Seller type: 
Alternative funds 
Key investment data 
Transaction summary 
Invested Capital at close 
E60-100m (US$80-120m) 
Number of companies 
Discount to NAV at close 
>5% 
Strategy 
Mid-market buyout 
Gross multiple at close 
1.1x 
Region 
Europe / UK 
0/0 funded at close 
80% 
Industries 
Business services / Healthcare services 
Use of leverage 
No 
Average age at purchase 
years 
Description 
- Motivated quality GP aiming to recapitalize and extend their 2007 mid-
market pan-European fund while providing liquidity to LPs 
- Key value driver is largest independent UK premium distributor in its 
segment, well positioned to benefit from market tailwinds 
- Second largest asset is a network of medical and cosmetics UK clinics 
with a private and affluent customer base 
- The portfolio also includes an Italian digital marketing company and a 
management consulting company with blue chip customers 
- Glendower Capital retains discretion on use of follow-on capital 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
- Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
- Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
- Long 15-year relationship with the GP founder 
Investment rationale 
- Four well-invested companies positioned to capture growth 
opportunities arising from ongoing changes in industry landscape 
- Key value driver led by industry veteran with a solid track record 
- Value-add potential from recently implemented cost efficiency initiatives 
- Opportunity to invest in identified follow-ons at closing, and to contribute 
additional capital to exploit market dislocations 
For discmakin proposes t'ijy. The invooltrrant pr 
reed atimre I. s.rml cliosad. and there is no guarantee that st., 1 irwestineol w3E c:amok:4er); loan pan of a Iver re raves-e"porticee or that it will be avaliabte or. after fultrRi 
due diligence. prove suitable for SOF tV This slide should be reed end reviewed in conjunction with the Important Infomietton and "Important Performance Information and Notes to Investment Performance sections 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039479 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185663 
EFTA01354881

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354882.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ci 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
SIR CTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039480 
SDNY_GM_00185664 
EFTA01354882

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354883.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF IV - Master Fund Key Terms 
Same key terms as SOF III with an increased team commitment 
The Fund 
Target Size 
Structure 
Investment Period 
Term 
Minimum Commitment 
Team Commitment 
General Partner Share 
Carried Interest 
Hurdle Rate 
Clawback 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
USS1.75 billion (US$2.5 billion hard cap) 
English private fund limited partnership 
years from final closing 
years from final closing plus up to 5 one-year extensions (the first three one-year extensions being at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final two one-year extensions requiring the consent of the SOF IV advisory committee) 
USS5 million 
Min of 1% of aggregate commitments 
1.25% p.a. of commitments during Investment Period 
1.00% p.a. of Invested Capital' for a period of 2 years after the Investment Period, thereafter greater of 90% of previous year and 
0.25% 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
8% (with 100% catch-up) 
Yes 
≥~tease read the confident-A private prawnerit memorandum of *as Fin) NIL) -Mersorarylorn") tor the fdl cawl:aura of risk far tors. conflicts of images?). colt to terms, aril regulatory and tali considerations of the, Fund. 
For hither diailcssure of fees, such as lees and e4%enses paid by the Fund. please refer to the Memorandum, the amended and restated limited partnership agreement and the deed of adherence of t) 
r ..».1 1." n.v..n 
doctaneots are in the process of being prepared and will be made available to prospectrw investors upon reeves(. 
1) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such investments. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039481 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185665 
EFTA01354883

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354884.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF IV 
ILPA 2 scorecard 
SOF IV 
 
 
 
 
 
Key ILPA 2 Principles 
Alignment of interest 
- 
Best practice all-contribution-plus-preferred-return-back-first model 
- 
LP favorable clawback provision 
- 
100% transaction & monitoring fees offset General Partner share 
- 
Manager equity interest in the Fund (minimum of 1% of aggregate commitments) 
Governance 
- 
Key man and "for cause" removal provisions protective to LPs' interests 
- 
Supermajority vote of LPs required to reverse automatic suspension of investment period 
- 
No Fault Divorce with 6634% vote of LPs 
- 
Clearly and narrowly outlined investment strategy with appropriate limitations on investment concentration 
- 
Advisory Board best practice set-up 
Transparency 
- 
Comprehensive financial reporting 
- 
GAAP and FAS 157 (Topic 820) compliant valuation policy 
- 
General Partner share and carried interest disclosure 
- 
Detailed due diligence provided 
LP M limited partner, ILPA = II15111uhonal Limited Partner Avery:taboo The full guidelines can be found et hap/trips orgiprinoiprIesarervic-
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039482 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185666 
EFTA01354884

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354885.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039483 
SDNY_GM_00185667 
EFTA01354885

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354886.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Team Bios 
CARLO PIR210-BIROLI 
Managing Partner 
Chief Executive Officer 
Deutsche Bank: CDB Web 
Tech: General Electric; The 
Boston Consulting Group 
Based in London. Carlo is a Managing Partner 
& Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Carlo spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bark where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. From 2003 
to 2006 he participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's E6 billion private 
equity portfolio. From 2012 to 2016 Carlo 
served as the Global Head of DB Private Equity 
with USS13 billion AUM in primary fund of 
funds, secondary funds and co-
investments. Before Deutsche Bank. Carlo was 
the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of 
funds: an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.; a consultant at The Boston Consulting 
Group in New York and served as a junior 
officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is a qualified 
civil structural engineer (PEng). 
Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business 
School and an MSc in Civil Engineering from 
the University of Rome, Italy. 
Glendower 
Capital 
CHARLES SMITH 
Managing Partner 
Chief Investment Officer 
Deutsche Bank: Bankers 
Trust; Coopers & Lybrand 
MA, Garnbndge UniverSay. 
AC MA 
Based in London, Charles is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Charles spent 25 years at 
Deutsche Bark where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. Prior to 
setting up the SOF business, from 2003 to 
2006 Charles was the Head of UK Corporate 
Investments, responsible for the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's 66 billion 
proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, 
Charles was a Managing Director in the bank's 
M&A team based in London focused on 
originating and executing transactions in the 
Technology. Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and 
Management Studies from Cambridge 
University. He is a Chartered Management 
Accountant (ACMA). 
ADAM GRAEV 
Partner 
North America 
Deutsche Bank: Pomona; 
Lehman Brothers; 
Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
Colgate University 
Based in New York, Adam is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Adam spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for 
the secondary private equity business in the 
Americas and led the implementation and 
management of secondary transactions. Prior 
to joining Deutsche Bank. Adam led private 
equity secondary and co-investment deals at 
Pomona Capital. Before then. Adam led direct 
private equity investments in venture, growth 
equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private 
Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an affiliate of 
Soros Fund Management. Adam began his 
career as a financial analyst in technology 
investment banking at Cowen & Co. 
Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CHI CHEUNG 
Partner 
Europe 
Deutsche Bank 
Candaidge Untwist, 
Based in London. Chi is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Chi spent 19 years at 
Deutsche Bark where he was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006, and 
most recently, he was responsible for the 
secondary private equity business in Europe 
and led the implementation and management 
of secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche 
Bark in 2000 working as an Associate in 
Global Corporate Finance focusing on TMT and 
real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006. he 
participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Barks E6 billion private equity 
portfolio. Previously. Chi completed a two-year 
apprenticeship with Deutsche Bank. 
Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge 
University. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039484 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185668 
EFTA01354886

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354887.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Team Bios 
DEIRDRE DAVIES 
Partner 
Chief Operating Officer 
Deutsche Bank. ABN Amro, 
KPMG 
6Com. University of South 
Africa: CA ISA) 
Based in London. Deirdre is responsible for the 
operations of the Fuld and the business. 
Prior to Glendower. Deirdre spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006 and was 
responsible for the operations (across legal, 
compliance and fund finance) and investor 
relations for the secondary private equity 
business. Previously, she was at KPMG in 
South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of 
KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She is a 
Chartered Accountant (CA. SA). 
Glendower 
•xxx•
 Capital 
JOSHUA GLASER 
Partner 
Client Coverage 
Deutsche Bank. Paul 
Capital, Forum Capital. CIBC 
Oppenheimer 
."ii. Tufts University 
Based in New York, Joshua is responsible for 
client coverage and fundraising. 
Prior to Glendower. Joshua spent four years at 
Deutsche Bark where he was responsible for 
fundraising for the secondary private equity 
business and managing fundraising processes 
for alternative investment products in the 
Americas. Before then. Joshua led fundraising 
and investor relations for Paul Capital's 
secondary private equity business and 
healthcare royalty program, serving as Head of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, 
Joshua was a Director with Forum Capital. a 
boutique private equity placement group. 
Joshua began his career as a financial analyst 
in investment banking at CIBC Oppenheimer, 
and its predecessor, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 
Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
EMILIO OLMOS 
Managing Director 
Southern Europe. Middle 
East and Asia 
ADIA, UBS. Deutsche Bank, 
Credit Suisse. Lafarge 
MSc. HEC Fans: ME rY.1. 
Holyiecluvc Lined. cf Mild".1 
Based in London. Emilio is responsible for the 
origination. valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments in Southern Europe. 
the Middle East and Asia. 
Prior to Glendower, Emilio was a Portfolio 
Manager at ADIA based in Abu Dhabi, where 
he spent over five years focusing on secondary 
transactions. Previously, he was a Director at 
UBS in the Secondary Advisory team. Prior to 
that. Emilio was a Vice President at Deutsche 
Bank in the SOF Team, which he joined as an 
Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. 
Before that Emilio worked at Credit Suisse, in 
its investment banking division, and started his 
career as a Strategy Analyst at Lafarge UK. 
Emilio holds an MSc from HEC Paris and an 
MEng from the Polytechnic University of 
Madrid. Spain. 
FRANCESCO RIGAMONTI 
Senior Advisor 
Deutsche Bank, Gab & Co. 
University or Chicago 
-1c:ottt MA. Milan University 
Based in Milan, Francesco works with 
Glendower Capital on specific secondary and 
co.irwestment opportunities. 
Francesco spent 17 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he was a founding member of the SOF 
business in 2006. and most recently, he was 
responsible for co-investments. Francesco 
joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 with 
responsibility for corporate development in Italy 
and participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's E Ebillion private equity 
portfolio. Previously he worked at Gallo & Co.. 
an Italian merchant bane where he focused on 
restructurings. 
Francesco holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and an MA 
from the University of Milan, Italy. 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039485 
SONY GM_00185689 
EFTA01354887

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354888.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Team Bios 
RIKESH MOHANDOSS 
Princi pal 
Deutsche Bank. Bank of 
America. Freddie Mac 
BOA. George Washington 
University. MBA Columbia 
Business School 
Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower. Rikesh spent 8 years at 
Deutsche Bank and most recently spent the 
past 5 years originating, valuing. executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North 
America for the SOF business. Rikesh joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, 
Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in 
Credit Risk Management at Bank of America 
and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
(Freddie Mac) in 2003. 
Rikesh holds a BBA from The George 
Washington University and a MBA from 
Columbia Business School. 
Glendower 
• • * • •
Capital 
DEVRUP BANERJEE 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Goldman 
Sachs 
Economics and 
V 
r :agement, Oxford 
Based in London, Devrup is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower. Demo spent 5 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing. 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2008 
to 2012. Devrup worked at Goldman Sachs as 
part of the Natual Resources team within the 
Investment Banking Division, advising clients 
globally on mergers & acquisitions and capital 
market transactions. 
Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford 
with an MA in Economics and Management in 
2008. 
fir 
ALDRICH CHAN 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, UBS 
ifS Firunce. New York 
University's Stern School of 
Business. 
Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible for 
the origination. valuation. execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Aldrich 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He began 
his career at UBS Investment Baits Global 
Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group 
Aldrich received his BS in Finance, summa 
cum laude, from New York University's Stem 
School of Business. He is currently an MBA 
candidate at the University of Pemsylvana's 
Wharton School of Business. 
PHILIPPE FERNEINI 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. Credit 
Suisse. Booz & Company 
'Telecom P 3(Si 
MBA Ciacago Booth School 
of Business 
Based in London, Philippe is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments.
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Philippe 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He worked 
for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment 
banking Associate in the Global Industrials 
Group and for 2 years at Booz & Company as a 
Senor Consultant in the Financial Services 
Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and a 
Master of Engineering (Diplome d'Ingenieur) 
from Telecom ParisTech. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039486 
CONFIDENTIAL 
S0NY_GM_00185670 
EFTA01354888

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354889.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354889.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Team Bios 
VICTORIA LOIDL 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. HSBC 
Based in London, Victoria is responsible for the 
origination, valuation. execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Victoria 
spent 5 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
vatting, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2009 
to 2012. Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC 
where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally on 
mergers & acquisitions and capital market 
transactions. 
Victoria graduated from the London School of 
Economics with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Glendower 
Capital 
ELENA SMIRNOVA 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. HSBC 
Based in London, Elena is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Elena spent 
years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2012 
to 2015 Elena worked in HSBC's Financial 
Institutions Advisory unit. where she focused 
on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their 
Global Banking and Markets business. 
Elena graduated from the Russian Presidential 
Academy of National Economy and Public 
Administration with a first class degree in 
Business Administration and Management in 
2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business School in 
London. 
JONATHAN ROOME 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank 
Based in London. Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Jonathan 
spent 2 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
supporting the transaction team in valuing. 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. 
Jonathan graduated from the London School of 
Economics and Political Sciences with a BSc in 
Economics in 2015. having achieved first class 
honors. 
DOUGLAS O'CONNELL 
Associate 
Carlyle Metropolitan RE. 
Deutsche Bank 
Based in New York. Doug sisworts the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Doug 
worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The 
Carlyle Group. and spent two years at 
Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
hedge fund secondary transaction team in 
valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. 
Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie 
Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a 
Bachelor of Science in Finance. having 
achieved University Honors. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039487 
SDNY_GM_00 185671 
EFTA01354889

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354890.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354890.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Team Bios 
RAFAEL ENRIQUEZ - 
HESLES 
Associate 
Stifel 
ElSc Civil Engineering & 
Management, Bucknell 
University 
Based in New York. Rafael &peons the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to pining Glendower Capital. Rafael spent 
years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers 
& acqtiations and capital market transactions 
globally. 
Rafael graduated from Bucknell University with 
a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering and 
a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SHELDON LEE 
Analyst 
Citibank 
Irdtistrial Management, 
industrial Engineering. 
Nationale Supelietre 
&fines de Nancy.
Based in London, Sheldon supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent over a year 
and a half at Citi in London. in the Corporate 
and Investment Banking team, focusing on 
Private Equity-owned companies. 
Sheldon holds an MSc. in Industrial 
Management from KTH Royal Institute of 
Technology. Sweden. and a BSc in Industrial 
Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure 
des Mines de Nancy. France. 
KATHERINE WEAVER 
Principal, Funds CFO 
Deutsche Bank, Brookfield 
Properties, Deloitte & Touche 
BBA and MAcc, University of 
Wisconsin - Madison 
Based in New York, Katie is the Chief Financial 
Officer for Fund Finance. 
Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at 
DelAsche Asset Management in the SOF fund 
finance team. first as financial controller and 
then as the Chef Financial Officer. Prior to 
Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at 
Brookfield Office Properties and a financial 
accountant at Trizec Properties. She began 
her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. 
Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin - Madison. 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
LOUISE SCHOEMAN 
Vice President, Finance 
London Air Ambulance. 
Deutsche Bank. Grant Thornton 
Based in London. Louise is responsible for the 
finance operations of the management 
company as well as its compliance and risk 
management functions. 
Prior to Glendower Capital. Louise was 
Finance Director for London's Air Ambulance, 
a registered charity. Louise worked with the 
SOF Team in 2011.13 as a business manager, 
having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. 
Louise graduated from the University of 
Pretoria with a BCom (Hone) in Accounting 
Sciences in 2003, and qualified as a Chartered 
Accountant in 2007. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039488 
SDNY_GM_00185672 
EFTA01354890

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354891.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF III — Investor base 
SOF III key info 
First and final closing 
20-Oct-2014 
Fund size 
US$1.65 billion 
including Deutsche Bank and team commitment of 
US$33 million 
Number of investors 
92' 
Investor region 
North 
Europe 
Asia 
America 
20% 
Pacific 
44% 
17% 
Middle 
East 
19% 
Investor type 
Foundation 
2% 
Insurance 
13% 
SWF 
21% 
GP 
2% 
Size of individual commitments 
37% 
8% 
16% 
Pension
32% 
Family 
Office/HNWI 
30% 
18% 
21% 
$25m 
$25-50rn 
$50.100M 
$100•150m 
>$150m 
CI 
The number of investors includes all investors in WE III with commitments over US.$2m The total number of investors, in:lidding time rivestirg though is wale wealth feeder furvls. is 47G 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039489 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185673 
EFTA01354891

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354892.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354892.pdf
----------------------------------------
C. ' 
SOF III 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller type 
Deal We 
Funds 
Companies' 
Invested capital' 
6.1S5a0 
Funded capital' 
(USSat) 
Initial 
closing 
Gross 
Portfolio detail 
1. 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
144.9 
117.2 
14 
It 
US - mid-market buyout 
2-
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Simle Asset Deal 
36.8 
36.8 
14 
1t 
US - buyout 
3-
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
109.4 
46.0 
14 
1.0x 
RoW - buyout 
4-
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
12.9 
13.0 
15 
1.0x 
Europe - buyout 
5-
LirMed Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
23.0 
9.7 
15 
1.6x 
Global - diversified 
6-
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
25.5 
25.5 
15 
0.8x 
Europe - growth equity 
7-
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
61.2 
65.7 
15 
1.2x 
Europe - grovAh equity 
8-
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
27.5 
27.5 
15 
0.0x 
Global - buyoul 
9-
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
14.7 
14.7 
15 
1.8x 
US - mid-ritarkel buyout 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
Fund Secondary 
100.0 
49.0 
15 
1.2x 
Global - diversified 
Syndication 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
65.3 
9.3 
15 
2.9x 
Global - real estate 
Limited Process 
Fivancial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
7.2 
6.5 
15 
1.2x 
Europe - real estate 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
t4.3 
15.1 
15 
1.0x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
limited Process 
Francis' Institution 
Fund Secondary 
17.6 
17.6 
15 
2.6x 
RoW - buyout 
Limited Process 
SWF 
Fund Secondary 
1.294 
54.7 
13.9 
15 
1Ax 
Global - buyout 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
34.6 
26.6 
16 
2.3x 
Europe - real Male 
Limned Process 
Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
169 
86.6 
40.2 
16 
1.5x 
Global - diversified 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
40.2 
26.0 
18 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Single Asset Deal 
27.0 
26.7 
16 
It 
Europe - mid markel buyout 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Single Asset Deal 
29.9 
29.9 
16 
1.2x 
US - mid-markel buyout 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Single Asset Deal 
23.1 
22.9 
16 
0.7x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
Landed Process 
Financial Institution 
OP-led Secondary 
101.6 
40.7 
16 
2.1x 
Europe - diversified 
Landed Process 
Multiple 
Fund Secondary 
41.8 
27.6 
16 
1.7x 
US - mid-rnarkel buyout 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
13.7 
7.1 
16 
1.7x 
US - real estate 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
79.0 
57.2 
16 
1.2x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
35.7 
15.0 
18 
1.8x 
Global - diversified 
Proprietary 
N/A 
Fund Secondary 
154.9 
81.6 
17 
1.0x 
Europe - grovAh equity 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
239.7 
178.6 
17 
1.2x 
US - mid-market buyout 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
51.3 
27.6 
17 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
Lirnited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
9.5 
9.8 
17 
1.6x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
Proprietary 
WA 
Fund Secondary 
44.2 
3.4 
17 
0.9x 
Global - reel estate 
United Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
988 
118.0 
4.4 
17 
4.1x 
US - diversified 
Proprietary 
Public to Private 
Single Asset Deal 
32.0 
31.9 
17 
1.0x 
Europe • buyout 
Proprietary 
Family Office /NNW 
Single Asset Deal 
42.0 
27.4 
17 
It 
US • mid•market bayed 
Limiest Process 
SWF 
Fund Secondary 
11.4 
10.5 
17 
1.3x 
Eur 
- mid-market b 
S0F III Closed 
Total 
149 
2.937 
1.931 2 
1162.6 
1.4r 
Pt Number of cismpanifis are bei4 eNtrnale 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 'Transaction The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF Ill is 1.3x. 
Cit 'The performance fipuree have been calculated based on isslarelted fair Vthlte.S and shot-=d be 
ard reviewed in conjunction isith the 'important LnaartnaticK and "Irapnant Performance Mionnatice SedtUr 
performance is not a guarantee or indicator of fuitie results. and there can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable resuho.
Glendower 
CnrH'n 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039490 
SDNY_GM_00185674 
EFTA01354892

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354893.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354893.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF II — Portfolio construction 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
2011 
Fund size 
US$614m 
Gross invested capital 
668m 
Performance as of September 30. 2017 
Capital called 
509m 
Distributions. net 
592m 
1.16x 
Remaining NAV 
187m 
0.37x 
Total net return 
US$779m 
1.53x 
20% 
Asset geography 
North 
America 
40% 
RoW 
3% 
II 
Investment strategy 
4% 
4%
16% 
Vintage year 
5% 
6% 
20% 
12% 
54% 
• Large Buyout 
• Mid-Market Buyout 
GrovAh Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
19% 
• Pre 2005 
• 2005 - 2006 
2007 -2008 
2009 - 2011 
2012 - 2013 
38% 
2014 -2015 
Sector composition 
lall. 
Industrials 
al
Consumer 
Business Services 
Technology 
As at &Wernher ?O. 2017. Past perforom-a-tt is not a guarantee :a indicator ri future results . and there can be no assutanca that the fund will achieve corepteabie tesults 
Ths page should be reviewed in conjunction with the 'Important Infonnation• and 'Notes to Investment Performance' sections of this Presentation 
lall 
Healthcare 
1/1 
Financial Services 
Ill
Natural Resources 
Real Estate 
II 
3k
Communications & Media 
5%11 Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039491 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185675 
EFTA01354893

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354894.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125(iL ,
SOF II 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller typo 
Deal type 
Funds 
Companies' 
Invested capital?
(USEm) 
Funded capital/
(USSm) 
Intial 
closing 
Gross 
int/bele 
Rola° orb/ 
1- 
Monet 1, 11 
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary y Single Asset Deal 
46.8 
45.8 
11 
7x 
Europe - buyout 
2- 
Beethoven 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP4od Secondary 
27.1 
26.9 
11 
1.6x 
Europe - growth equity 
3- 
Rembrandt 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
2.2 
2 
11 
3.0x 
Europe - tato stage venture 
4- 
Giant 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
3.4 
3.1 
11 
1.8x 
US - mezzanine 
5- 
Hemingway 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
16.4 
16.4 
11 
1.0x 
US - special situations 
6- 
Material' I-V E RE 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
225 
38.4 
37.1 
12 
2.0x 
Global - diversified 
8- 
Hockney 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
9.5 
8.1 
12 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
9- 
Chagall 
Limited process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
9.4 
8A 
0312 
It 
Europe -mezzanine 
10- Hopper 
Syndication 
Alternative Funds 
GP-led Secondary 
15.1 
14.1 
12 
br 
US - mid-market buyout 
11- Donatelb 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Fund Secondary 
3.0 
3.0 
12 
1.1x 
US -mezzanine 
12- 
Pollock 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
13.4 
13.1 
12 
2.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
13- 
Whitney 
Limited process 
Pension Fund 
Fund Secondary 
64.0 
218 
12 
2.9x 
Europe - buyout 
IS- Constable 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
26.1 
24.3 
13 
1.2x 
Europe - buyout 
16- Cecconi 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Ferret office 
Fund Secondary 
12.8 
11.0 
13 
1.8x 
Global - diversified 
17- 
Batley 
Proprietary 
Alternate° Funds 
GPIed Secondary 
30.2 
30.5 
13 
2.4X 
Europe - growth equity 
18- 
Stembeck 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
971 
81.7 
13 
1,3x 
Global - diversified 
19- Guardi 
Limited process 
HNW/ Fame office 
Fund Secondary 
140 
13.3 
11.8 
13 
1.8x 
Global - diversified 
21- Windmill 1.11 
Proprietary 
Co. porato 
Single Asset Deal 
22.7 
20.5 
14 
0.7x 
Europe - growth equity 
23- Browning 
Limited Process 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
8.8 
7.1 
14 
1.9x 
US -diversified 
24- 
lonosco 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Single Asset Deal 
27.7 
258 
14 
2.8x 
Europe - buyout 
25- Zampieri 
Proprietary 
Caporal° 
Single Asset Deal 
238 
23.4 
14 
1,6x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
26- Fitzgerald 
Syndication 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
150 
152 
14 
1.4x 
US - buyoul 
28- Paler 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
GP4ed Secondary 
74.7 
80.4 
14 
12x 
US - mid-market buyout 
29- Fitzgerald II 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Single Asset Deal 
10.0 
10.0 
14 
1.6x 
US - buyoul 
30- 
Abols 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
11.8 
10.6 
14 
1.3x 
Europe - growth equity 
31- Laurel 
Limited process 
Financial Institution 
GP4ed Secondary 
452 
19.0 
0318 
2.0x 
Europe - diversified 
SOF II 
Total 
737 
668.1 
161 7 
I is 
(I) Numbs, of c:ompzeries. are bei4 eNtrnale 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 'Transaction. The Net Multiple (TYPO for SOF II is 1.5x. 
lib The performance irc„uies ba-re been cak,ulatett based on zeciudXsd fair :Rime. and shorid be f,F.iad and resiev:ed in cOrileiction ;brill ti-4 'Important Information' arxi "lincrerNint Perkirmance infoirrim 
Fieseritation. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039492 
SDNY_GM_00185676 
EFTA01354894

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354895.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF 
Remaining portfolio construction by FMV1 as of September 30, 2017 
Overview 
Vintage 
2006 
Fund size 
US$565m 
Invested capital 
549m 
Capital called 
421m 
Distributions, net 
756m 
80x 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Europe 
90% 
North 
Amen ca 
10% 
20m 
005x 
US$775m 
84x 
22% 
Investment strategy 
6% 0% 
49% 
Vintage year 
46% 
2% 
I 
20°k 
33% 
45% 
• Large Buyout 
• Growth Equity 
Special Situations 
Mezzanine 
• Pre 2006 
• 2006 
2007 
2008 - 2009 
1) FM)/ = Fair Market 'crake 
Past perfonnarrTe. is not a guarantee or €ndicstor of future resits. and tee can be no assurance that the fund will achieve comparable 'avails. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the important Information' and -Notes to Investment Performance' sections of this Presentation 
Sector composition 
21% 
10% 
5% 
Healthcare 
Industrials 
Business Services 
IT and Technology 
Financial Services 
El 
Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039493 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185677 
EFTA01354895

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354896.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354896.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF & SOF D 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Invested capital:
Funded carnal:
Initial 
Gross 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seder type 
Deal type 
Funds 
Companies' 
(USSo) 
(USSIM 
CloSng 
, 
multiple 
Portfoka detail 
1- 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
609 
205 3 
166.0 
07 
2.0A 
US I Europe - diversified 
2- 
Syndication 
Public to private 
Single Asset Deal 
36.0 
36.1 
07 
3.0X 
Europe - buyout 
3- 
Syndication 
Allemalive Funds 
GP-led Secondary 
16.5 
16.7 
07 
0.9A 
US / Europe - grooth equity 
4- 
Syndication 
Financial Institution 
GPAad Secondary 
19.4 
21.6 
07 
1.74 
Europe - special situarans 
-
Syndicaon 
Pennon 
GP-led Secondary 
15.0 
12.1 
08 
0.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
6-
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
22.8 
24.7 
08 
1.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
Proprietary 
NNW:family Office 
Fund Secondary 
104 
OA 
08 
1.9x 
US / Asia - driersthed 
8- 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
0.1 
0.3 
09 
8.8x 
US -mezzanine 
9- 
Limited Process 
Endowment 
Fund Secondary 
16.1 
16.2 
09 
2.4x 
Europe - buyout 
1. 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
2.7 
2.6 
09 
0.8x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
Limited Process 
Allornalive Funds 
Fund Secondary 
5.4 
5.5 
09 
3.3X 
Europe - buyout 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
3.3 
2.6 
09 
2.2x 
Europe - mid-rnirket buyout 
Limited Process 
Financial Instaulion 
Fund Secondary 
3.4 
3.5 
09 
1.7x 
US - mezzanine 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP4ed Secondary 
39.0 
32.3 
09 
2.0x 
Europe - venture capital 
Limited Process 
Allemarive Funds 
Fund Secondary 
4.8 
5.8 
Ot 10 
1.7x 
US / Europe - md-market buyout 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family office 
Fund Secondary 
2.9 
2.8 
10 
3.4x 
US - mid-market buyout 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family office 
Fund Secondary 
196 
0.5 
0.5 
10 
2.8x 
US - mid-market buyout 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
193 
103.3 
53.7 
10 
3.0x 
US / Europe - diversified 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
152 
51.1 
294 
10 
1.9x 
US / Europe - mezzanme 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family office 
Fund Secondary 
294 
0.8 
0.7 
10 
2.6x 
US / Europe - diversified 
Sub Total 
154 
1.77e 
seer; 
432.1 
21x 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
193 
138.1 
67.2 
10 
3.0x 
US! Europe - diversified 
SOF and SOF 0 
Total 
161 
1,774 
61'6 9 
500 5 
r1 i Klurnber of conthzelios are best estimate 
(2) Invented Capitol is the Transaction Faze and is uescribeu as purchase price plus unfunded obligations Funded capital is the amount funded ei each Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPt) for SOF and SOF D is 1.8x and 
2.3x respectively Comened iron? EIJR to UST using a rate of 1.1821 
($) The performance NOMs. are based on unaudited fair values and sikaid be read and reviewed nconitinction with the "Important Informatkth" and "Impimtara Perkinnance inionnaton- sections Gross returns are gross of 
lees, exuensam and mental interest, which are not charged at liar investment level so perlsanasce is not expected to try represertative ol inVerthileft tettlto-4 tO 141rytraltill 
InIAMIDAS 
CON1Stat with their train advisers 
as to the appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past performance s rot a pedicacn of future performance,but 0 a lithe:led to d-smaralrais the track record of the (Aerates-sr SOF lean: and 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable res tits or tint any target results will be achieved. 
(43 Hoover tf:S'SSCtian'S represent the invesksi.-rits made by SOF via a specia€ purpose :their' (SPV) attracting adderonal accounting and administrative experrst 
The actual performance far the SPV may be lower than 
the performance of the indnridual uwestments because el the additionalamounting and administrative expenses. The aggregate. net multiple of this SPV, Including the fees and expenses is 1.9x 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0039494 
SDNY_GM_00185678 
EFTA01354896

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354897.pdf
----------------------------------------
GC:M!: 
.0 
Important Information (1/2) 
This conteentiat peisentation (this "Presentation") is being made available tu you (the "Recipient') by Glendower Capital. LLP ("Glendower). which is authorized and regulated by the Uniteo emedern 
Finereial Conduct AtiMorey, tor the purpose of providing certain summary information about certain existing and future funds and accounts that are managed or advised by Glendower, ineluding in 
connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund be to known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP (the 'Fund') 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and documents as having been entered into which may not have occurred or been entered into at the date that this Presentation e 
made available but thet Glendower expects will occur or be entered into thereafter 
This Presentation is net an offer to sell. nor a solicitation cf an offer to buy, any security, and may not be used or retied upon in connection with any offer or solicitation. A private offering of interests in 
the Fund will be made only pursuant la Ihe offering documents for the Fund. which contain additional information about the investment objective. terms and conddions of an inveslmerti in the Fund and 
also contain tax information and risk disclosures that are important to any investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Fund other 
than as set forth in the offering documents and any such statements, if made. may not be ielied upon. The offering documents will be furnished to melded investors on a confidential basis al thew 
request. The Information contained in this Presentation will be superseded by, and Is qualified In its entirety by reference to. such offering documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid. as there is no secondary market for interests in the Fund and 
none is expected to develop. There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Fund. Investments may be leveraged and the investment performance may be volatile. Before cletedina to invest in 
the Fund. prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering documents. The fees and expenses charged in 
connection with an investment in the Fund may be higher than the fees and eepenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. investors should have the financial ability and willingness 
to accept the risk charactenstice of the Fund's investments 
Potential COntiliStS of interest may arise from the relationship between Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates (*Credit Stessee). which is acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit 
Suisse is not acting and will not act as a municipal adviser within the meaning of Section 976 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
prorituated thereunder t'Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services. material. or information that Credit Suisse provides tea municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Advisor Rule ("Covered Party) are provWed en an arm's length 
basis and not as an advisor or fiduciary lo the Covered Party Covered Parties should consult with their own internal and external advisors before taking action with respect to any services, material. or 
inforrretion provided to them by Credit Sui8se Credit Suisse also 'MD net soled a Covered Party for direct or indirect cainwisalion on behae of an unaffiliated investment &Mser for the purpose of 
obtaining or retaining an engagement for that investment adviser by the Covered Party to provide investment advisoiy services lo or on behalf of the Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. Nothing contained herein shall constitute any 
representation or warranty and no responsibility or liability is accepted by Glendower Cr ri≤ afeirates es to the accuracy or completenese of any ineemalion supplied herein. 
Unless titterer/Ise stated. the infomnatien in this Presentation has not been audited or verified by an independent party, end should not be seen as eny representation or returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must he kept sleety confidential and may not he reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the Fund. Notwiths€anding the foregoirra. each 
investor and prospeclive investor (and each employee, representative. or other agent thereof) may disclose lo any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tee treatment and tax structure of 
the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax 
structure. pioeleed. however, that such disclosure shall not incitele the name ior other identifying inkrimation not relevant to the lax structure or tae treatment) of any person and shall not include 
Information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to comply with applicable securities laws. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039495 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185679 
EFTA01354897

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354898.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354898.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important Information (2/2) 
Past performance is not necessarily indicative ua :utwe results and thoe can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the returns generated by the Fund veil eyuni of 
exceed those presented herein or that the Fund win be able to implement ils investment eine:ewes or achieve 
investment objectives 'The Funcis investment strategy and applicable investment 
restrictions may differ from those historically employed and economic conditions may differ materially from the conditions under which any other investment fund or account managed or advised by 
retlendower lias invested. 
Al€ statements of opinion and or belief contained in this Presentation and an views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to eepectations regarding future events or the 
possible future performance of the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment and interpretation of information available to it as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is made or 
assurance given that such statements, views, projections or forecasts are correct. that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors will receive a return of their capital. 
in adattion, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, employees or agents for updating this Presentation (or any 
additional information!: correcting any inaccuracies in rt or providing any addit'nal informatbn to you. Accordingty, to the fullest extent possible subject to applicable raw. none of c..endowei or es 
affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, directors. officers, partners. members and employees shall be liable (save in the case of fraud} for any loss (whether direct, indirect or 
consequential): clairage, cost or expense suffered dr incurred by any per soon as a result of relying on any statement in, or onession tone this Presentation. 
Any forward-looking statements ;nip lulling. without timitation, projeectris of future earnings or value';, results or valuations herein are based upon current assumptions. may be simplified and may 
depend upon events outside the control of Glendower or Its affiliates. Other events that. were not taken into account may occur and may significantly affect the analysis herein. Therefore. changes to 
any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or projections. Actual results may therefore be materially different from any forecast, twice or valuation herein. Prospective investors 
in the Fund should not rely on these forward-looking statements in deciding whether to invest in such Feed The information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources outside of 
Credit Suisse While such information is believed to be reliable for the purposes used herein. neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its affiliates or partners, members or employees, assume any 
iesponsibility for the accuracy of such information 
See the 'Notes to Investment Performance" containing additional important information regarding performance and targeted returns. 
This Presentation does not form part of the basis for any contract between Glendower or its affiliates and any investor 
Recipient; of this Presentation shall not treat this Presentiaton as Far. 
regulatory, accounting, legal, Investment or any other advice In relation to the Reopen! of this information and this inlormation should not and cannot be relied upon as such. The distribution of this 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons who come into possession of this Presentation are required to inform themselves about, and to 
observe. any such restrictions 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering of interests in the Fund or the adequacy of the information contained herein Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of interests and risk factors. An investment in the Fund is 
suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial abitity and willingness to accept the high risks end lack of liquidity associated with an investment in the Fund Investors in the Fund 
must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R CTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039496 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185680 
EFTA01354898

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354899.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal' means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors (and any follow-on investments in any such 
investment but no! including any OP-€ed Secondary( as reasonab€y determined by the Manager as the context requires "Fund Secondary' means (a) an Interest held directly or indirectly by the Fund 
in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including a fund of hinds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a standalone transaction or (b) a portfolio et such interests acquired 
in a single transaction, in each case as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires, provided that any interest referred to in clause fa) shall be in a fund structure that either has an 
investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) or has drawn clown or committed to invest at least 5014 of its aggregate corniniertents. and provkled that any portfolio of 
interests referred to in clause (b) shall be in hind structures that in the aggregate have drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of their aggregate commitments, provided further that the 
aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an investment period that is eaiired (other than for follow-on investments! sha€ be deemed to equal the amount drawn down in such kaki 
structure and provided. further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be determined to be an Early Stage Investment 
"GP-led Secondary' means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct private equity assets through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(and any follow-on investments in any such invesfrrient interest, but not inc€uding any Single Asset Dea€sj as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires. 
"SOF means DB Secondary Opportunities RintiA. 1 fil DS Secondary Opportunities Fund E. L.P. and 05 Secondary Opportunities Fund C. L.P. 
"SeuP D" means OB Secondary Opportunitkis Fund 0. L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Oppodun6aa Fund ii, L.
"SOF llr means Secondary Opportunities Fund HI. LP 
"SOF Funds,' 'SOF Program: or 'Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF 
'SOF Team" and 'Glendower SOF Team" have the meanings set forth in the Memorandum. 
"Russell 2000 Index' The Russell 2000 Indeit is a small-cap stock maiket index of the bottom 2.000 stocks in the Russell 3000 Index. The index is maintained by FTSE Russell a subsidiary of the 
London Stock Exchange Group. 
"Mel Wor€d index' The MCI World €ndex is a broad global equity bencihrnelk that represents large and mid-cap equ€y performance across 23 developed markets countries. H: covers approximalely 
85% of the tree float-adjusted market capitalization in each country 
"Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index": The Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index seeks to replicate the return profile of the private equity buyout asset class by constricting a 
combination of sector portfolio returns These sector portfolios are designed to track the performance of private equity sector investments by holding liquid exchange traded instruments rather than 
investHig directly in private equity tans 
For other definitions please refer to the Memorandum. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
5() 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039497 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185681 
EFTA01354899

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354900.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354900.pdf
----------------------------------------
C. 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Important Information on the Track Record. 
The Glendower SOF Team spun-oft from Deutsche Beni and its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank , eii August 1.2017 and established Glendower Capital: LLP and its affiliates (together. aiiikeiaceee 
o;,
independent private equity limn owned by its partners focused on secondary transactions in private markets The performance inforreatken and track record set out in this Presentation in respect of the 
SOF Funds covers the period time from inception of the SOF Funds to date. including the time prior to the formation of Glendower. when the team were employees of Deutsche Bank In evaluating 
the track record. each Redeem should note that 0) Carlo Pirzio-Bircei and Charles Smith have been permanent voting rnembers of the SOP Funds investment comnettees since inception: (ii) Chi 
Cheung. Francesco Rigamonti and Adam Graev have attended as observers the majority of investment committees of the SOF Funds since inception. they were appointed in December 2011 during 
the SOF II investment period as voting members on a rotational basis and have been permanent voting members since January 2013: (iii) other employees of Deutsche Bank who were not part of the 
SOF investment team and that have not joined Glendower were involved at different times on the investment committees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in respect of 
the investments made by the SOF Funds and (iv) in connection with the investments comprising the track record, the Glendower investment professionals were part of a larger group within Deutsche 
Bank. The investment perforthance included herein is intended solely to provide Recipients with information about the Glendower SOF Team's investment experience. The performance information 
provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited ("DAAM(G)L") and provided to i3lenclower and relates to the SOF Funds and the related individual 
underlying transactions, in respect of which the Glendower SOF Team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers andior investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. 
Glendower takes responsibility for its use of this performance information and its comr.liance with all applicable laws, regulatethes. rules and guidelines. including, but not limited to, the investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and in particular. Rule 204-2 thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for the use of such performance information try Glendower. 
Investment returns. Unless otherwise stated, returns are as of September 30, 2017. are unaudited and are illustrative only. As used herein and unless otherwise Indicated, 'Gross IRR" and Net 
IRR" shall mean an agar-agate. compound. annual, gross or net as applicable. internal rate of return on investments, based on daily cash Nines. Calculations are presented based on actual cash flows 
to and from limited partners All IRRs are presented on a "gross' basis unless otherwise slated 
, they do not reflect the priority prole share, carried interest. taxes. transactk>n costs in connection 
well the disposition of unrealized investments and other expenses that are borne by investors in the applicable funds, all of which will reduce rettens and, in the aggregate: are expected to te 
substantial} Net IRR is presented after deducting all priority profit share. carted interest, taxes. trarisaken costs and other fees and expenses (other than lazes borne or to be borne by investors, 
included as a result of an investor's domicile). Further, note that the calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR In respect of the SOF Funds Is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of 
subscription line facilities_ Returns retie purchase price netting in all instances wtiere subscription credit lines. payment deferrals: and permanent fund borrowing have been uteizea. Although the 
manager maintains flexibility to do so, capital has not been recycled to dale. Distributions to Pald-In Capital CDPra represents aggregate distributions to Investor; in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. Residual Value to Paid-in Capital i*RVPI") represents the value of the SOF Funds investors' interest held wither the SOF Funds relative to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Funds. net of the SOF Funds' carried interest, manacornent fees and other expenses. Total Value to Paid-in Capital ('i-VPI"): TVPI =DPI 4- RVPI Gross multiple 
represents Total Value divided by Funded Capital. Net fund data met TVPI, etc.) net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried interest. management fees and other expenses. 
Valuations. Valuations of unreaezed investments are generally based on a good faith and reasonable determination by the general partner of the relevant investment hind. My such valuation of 
unrealized investment will be based on assumptions that such general partner believes are reasonable under the ckcannstanees. the actual realized returns on unrealized investments will depend on, 
among other factors. future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposttion. any related transaction costs and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may 
differ from the assumptions on which the valuarions used in the prior performance data contained herein are based. Accordingly. the actual realised returns generated by these unrealized investments 
may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. 
Target returns. The targeted returns (the "Targets') presented herein are based on Glendowees views regarding the returns on investments that such funds may be able to achieve durinu their 
respective terms based on the investment performance of similar investments, current market conditions, potential investment opportunities that are being reviewed or have recently been reviewed. 
availability of financing and certain assumptions about investing conditions and market fluctuation or recovery The Targets are also based on models. estimates: and assumptions about performance 
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. There is no guarantee that the facts upon which such assumptions are based will materialize as anticipated and will be applicable to such funds' 
inveseneere. €ndividual investments made by such funds rray have anticipated returns below or above the Targets The Targets are hypothetical and are neither a guarantee nor a prediction or 
projection of future performance. A broad range of risks could cause the funds to tail to meet their Targets. As with other gross returns. gross Targets do not reflect the priority profit share. 'carried 
interest' taxes, transaction costs in connection with the disposition of unrealized investments and offer expenses that will be borne by investors, which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, are 
expected to be substantal. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039498 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185682 
EFTA01354900

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354901.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354901.pdf
----------------------------------------
G 
U 
*- 
.0 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (1/6) 
For Residents of the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the -AIRS1D"). the Fund will constitute an EU AiF (as defined in the AIFA•iD) whose AIF M (as defined in the AlFMD) is the 
Manager. tse€f an EU AlFki Except as provided belowin 'aspect of the specific mentor 
states listed, this Presentation and any other doueeemts or mater a< reeled to the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase. of the interests in the Fund, shall only be distributed to prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member state of the European 
Economic Area that are 'professional investors'. For these purposes. a "professional investor' is a person vitio is considered to be a professional client or who may. em request, be treated as a 
professional client within the meaning ot Annex II to Directive 2004/39tEC. 
AIF MD Notice. 
In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a 'Member State') which has implemented the Alternative Invert rant Fund Managers Directive (Directive (2011/61/EU)) (the 'AIRED') (and for 
which transitional arrangements are not/ no longer available), this Presentation may only be distnbtrled and interests in the Fund may only he offered or placed In a Member State to the e ent that: (I) 
the Fund is perrnitt61 to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD ifts implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant. Member State); or 
(2) this presentation may otherwise he lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may otherwise be awlirlly offered or placed in that Member Slate (including at the initiative ot the investor). 
in relation to each Member State of the EEA which, at the date of this presentation. has not implemented AiFMD. this presentation may only be distributed arid interests in the Fund may only be 
offered or placed to the extent that this presentation may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may lawfully be offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of the 
investor). 
For persons in Australia. This information has been prepared for general information purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation constitutes investment legal, accounting or tax advice, or a 
representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to individual circumstances. or otherwise constitute a personal recommendation to any specific investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation should not assume that any investment discussed herein were of will be profitable. There is no ouarantee concerning the achievement of investment objectives or target returns or 
measurements. Any reference to past performance is not ineicalive of future results anti is no guarantee to future results This Presentation has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted 
recipients its Australia who qualify as wholesale clients as that term is defined by section 761G(7) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth 1 (the 'Act) and as sophisticated or professional 
investors as defined by sections 708(8) and (ll) (respectively of the Act In respect of which an offer would not require disclosure under Chapter 61) or Pail 7.9 of the Act It does not contain and 
should not be taken as containing any financial product advice or financial product recommendations. This Presentation is not a prospectus, product disclosure statement or any other form of 
prescribed offering document under the Act. This Presentation Is not required to. and does not. contain all the information which would be required in either a prospectus, product disclosure statement 
or any other form of prescribed offering document under the Act, nor G it required to be submitted to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. The funds referred to in these materials 
are not registered schemes as defined in the Act. In Australia. Credit Suisse Group entities, other than Credit Suisse AG. Sydney Branch. are not authorized deposit-taking institutions kir the purposes 
of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth.) and their obligations do not represent deposits or other liabilities of Credit Suisse AG. Sydney Branch. Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch does not guarantee or 
otherwise provide assurance in respect of the et:ligation of such Credit Suisse entities or the 'lends. 
For persons in Bahrain. The Presentation has not been approved by the Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no respionsibCy for its contents. No offer to the public to purchase. the Funds interests 
will be made in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Presentation is intended to be read by the addressee only and must not be passed to, issued to. or shown to the public generally. 
For persons in Brazil. The information contained herein is for informational purposes only and is not and under no circumstances is to be construed as. a prospectus. an advertisement. a public 
offering. an offer to sell the interests described herein or a solicitation of an offer to buy the interests described herein in Brazil. Any public offer or sale of the interests described herein still be made 
only if applicable registration in the Brazilian Securities Commission is obtained. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any investment will be deemed to the public in Brazil or by any means 
would be deemed public offering of securities in Brazil. Under no circumstances is the information contained herein to be construed as investment advice. Brazilian Securities Commission has not 
reviewed the material herein.
Glendower 
Capital 
S•F•R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039499 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185683 
EFTA01354901

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354902.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354902.pdf
----------------------------------------
GC:M!: 
.0 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (2/6) 
For persons in Brunei. This Presentation has not been delivered to. licensee ei pei reeled by Atingle Menetan Brunei Darussalam. Nor has it been registered with the Registrar of Companies. nets 
Presentation is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an Env-dation or offer to the pub€ic As such. it 'mist not be distributed or redistributed to and may not be re€ed upon or used by 
any person in Brunei other than the person to whom if is directly communicated and who belongs to a class of persons as defined under Section 20 of the Brunei Securities Market Order. 2013 
For persons in Canada. This Presentation is only intended for persons in Canada who qualify to be a neerineted client' within the meaning National Instrument 31-103 — Registration Requirements, 
Eaemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. To the extent that the infomaation contained herein references securities of en 'suer incorporated. termed or created under the laws of Canada or a 
province Or territory of Canada, any trades in or advice regarding such securities must be conducted through an investment dealer registered in Canada No securities commission or similar regulatory 
authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon these materials, the information contained herein or the merits of the interests described herein and any representation to the contrary is 
an offence. 
For persons in Cayman Islands. No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Interests 
For persons in Chile. All or sorry of the offered securities may have not been regsterc-d with the Supenntendentea de Valores y Seguros ("SYS') pursuant to law no 18,045, the Ley de Mercado de 
Valores, and regulations thereunder. Securities nor registered with the Senni may not be offered or sold publicly in Chile (unless a regulatory exemption apply). This document does not constitute an 
offer of. or an invitat€on to subscribe for or puravase. the sectirites in the Republic of Chrke other than to rndiv:dua€y identified investors pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of 
the Ley de Mercado de Valores (an otter that is not "addressed to the public in general or to a certain sector or specific group of the public). For additional information referred to each of the offered 
se;unlies. please contact your Reiationship Manager. 
For persons in China. No invitation to offer, or offer tor, or sale of. any interest or investment will be made to the public in the People's Republic of China ('PRCrj or by any means that would be 
deemed public offering of securities under the taws of the PRC. These materials may not be distributed to individuals resident in the PRC or entities registered in the PRC who have not obtained all the 
required PRO government approvals. It is the investors responsibility to ensure that it has obtained afi necessary PRO government approvals to purchase any interest. participate in any investment or 
receive any rnvesknent advisory or investrieant management services. 
For persons In Colombia, This marketing material does not constitute a public offer in the Republic of Colombia It is being distributed under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of 
securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. Neither the products, nor the Management Company/issue's have and will not be registered with the Superintendence of 
Finance of Colombia Potential Colombian investors should make €heir own decision whether this financial product mean thew investment objectives and risk tolerance level. Each potential Colombian 
investor should make its own Inquiries and consult its Own advisors as to this financial product and the Management Company/Issuers. Including the merits and inks involved. and as to leoal. tax and 
related matters concerning an investment in ine products. This marketing material is marketed in Colombia or provided to Colointion residents in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other 
applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of foreign financial and/or securities related products or services in Colombia. Accordingly. the pie9ucts may onni be prom:pled to Colombian 
residents in compliance with decree 2565 of 2010 and under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under applicable Colombian marketing rules and general securities 
laws and regu€ations. 
For persons in France. Thn Presentation can only be conentieleatee to eirai;ned aerestors within the meaning of the article 0411 1 of the Monetary Financial Code (node Mcinetaire et Financier) to 
professional clients and eligible counterparties 
For persons in Guernsey. This Piesentanon has not been approved or authomced by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission or the States of Guernsey Policy Council. 
For persons in Haiti. This Presentation is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation is intended to constitute financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests Is 
t)eing made in Nadi arid no agreement relating to the sale of the Interests will be concluded in Halt 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039500 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185684 
EFTA01354902

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354903.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354903.pdf
----------------------------------------
GC:M!: .0 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (3/6) 
For persons in Hong Kong. The information memorandum in relation to any interest and/or investment referred to in this Presentation has not been approved by the Securities anti nutures 
Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly Ceti any Interests or se-aunties may not be offered or sold and have net been offered or sold in Hong Kong. by means et any document, other titan to (i) 
"professional investors- as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made tinder that Ordinance, or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a -prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap 622) of Hong leong or which do not constitute an offer to the pubic %%thin the meaning of that Ordinance, and (b) no 
person has issued or had In its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in IM possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or etewtiere. any advertisement. 
invitation or document relating to any interest or securities, which ks directed at. or the contents of which are or are likely to be accessed or read by. the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do 
so under securities laws of Hong Kong) other than With respect to any interests or StiCtiritieS winch are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 'professional 
investors- within the definition of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
For persons in Israel. This Presentation has not been approved by the Israel Securities Authority arid will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a manner that will not constitute 'an offer to the 
public' under sections 15 and 15a of the Israel Securities Law. 572s-1968 ("the Securities Law"i or section 25 of the Joint Investment Trusts Law. 5756-1994 (-the joint Investment Trusts Law"). as 
applicable. The products described in this Presentation (the "Products" are being offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during any given 12 month period) and/or those 
categories of investors listed in the First Addendum (*the Addendum") to the Securities Law, ("Sophisticated investors") namely joint investment funds or mutual trust funds. provident funds, insurance 
companies, banking corporations (purchasing Prot-Nets For themselves or for clients who are Sophistieated Investors), portfolio managers (purchasing Products for then"selves or for clients who are 
Sophisticated Investors), investment advisors or investment marketers (purchasing Products for themselves). members of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange (purchasing Products for themselves or for 
clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters ;purchasing Products tor themselves). venture capital tends engaging mainly in the capita€ market, an entity wthich is wholly owned by 
Sophisticated Investors, corporations. (other than fanned for the specific purpose of an acquisition pursuant to an offer). with a shareholders equity in excess of NIS 50 million. and individuals in 
respect of whom the temps of item 0 in the Schedule to the Investment Advice Law hold true investing for their own account. in respect of which at least one of the following applies: the total value of 
their cash, deposits, financial assets (as defined in the Investment Adviee Lowland securities traded on a stock exchange licensed under the Securities Law (together, "Liquid Assets.") exceeds NIS 8 
million (approxin-rately E.1.3 million), their level of income over each of the preceding two years exceeds MS 1.2 million (approximately 1.200,000). or the level of income of their -family unit exceeds 
NIS 1 8 million (approximately E300,000); or the aggregate Value of ail their Is uid Assets exceeds NIS 5 mil on (approximately E830,C00) and their level of income over each of the preceding levee 
years exceeds NIS 600,000 (approximately £100.000). or the level of income of their lanely unit' exceeds NIS 000,000 (approximately £150.000), each as defined in the said Addendum. as amended 
from time to time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation that they qualify as Sophisticated investors. and that they are aware of the consequences of such designation and agree 
thereto: in all cases under circumstances that will fall within the private placement or ether exemptions of the Joint Investment -Nests Law, the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines. 
pronouncements or rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This Presentation may nol be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor be furnished to any other person other than those to whom copies have been sent Any &three who purchases a Product 
is purchasing such Product for its own benefit and account and not with the aan or intention of distributno 
offering such Product to other parties (other than, in the case of an offeree wtech is a 
Sophisticated Investor by virtue of il being a banking corporation. portfolio manager or 'neither of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange. as defined in the Addendum, where such offeree is purchasing Product 
for another party which is a Sophists:sated Investor). Nothing in this Presentation (Mould be consWered investment advice or investment marketing as defined in the Regulation of investment 
Counselling. Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law. 5755-1905. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a locally licensed investment counsel prior to making the investment. As a prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this 
Presentation a recipient shall be required by the Fund to provide confirmation that it is a Sophisticated Investor purchasing Products for its own account or where applicable. for other Sophisticated 
Investors 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer to sell Or selketation of an offer to buy any securities other than the interests in the Fund offered hereby, nor does it constitute an otter to sell to Or 
solicitation of an offer to buy from any person or persons in any state or other Jurisdiction in which such otter or solicitation wouldbe unlawful, or in which the person making such offer or solicitei 
^F 
not qualified to do so, or to a persen or persons to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039501 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185685 
EFTA01354903

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354904.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354904.pdf
----------------------------------------
GC:M!: 
.0 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (4/6) 
Foe persons in Japan. The information in ',elation to any interest and( or investment has not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4. Paragraph 1 of the Financial instruments and 
Exchange Law of japan claw no 25 of 194$. as arnended) (the 'NEU) and. accordingly. any interest aradice investment in them may not be offered or sold. directly or indirectly, in Japan or to. or for 
the benefit. at any Japanese person or to others tor re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly. in Japan or to any Japanese person except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all 
applthahle laws. regulations and guidelines proem gated by the relevant Japanese governmental aria regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant tine. Fe' this purpose. 'Japanese athrson" 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity *sponged tinder the laws of Japan. 
In Japan. this material is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) Limited ("CSJL'), a registered Financial Instruments Firm (Director-General of I(anto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No 66) 
CSJL is a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, japan investment Advisers Association and Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
For persons in Malaysia. This document is provided on a confidential basis and made upon your request This document does not constaute. and should not be construed as constituting, an offer or 
invilatbn to subscribe for or purchase any securities as defined in the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007) in Malaysia or interests (as defined in the Conthanie,s Act traiat to the public in 
Malaysia. The dispatch of this document does not make available any securities for subscription or purchase in Malaysia. This document has been issued outside of Malaysia and no issue, offer or 
invitation under this document has any effect in Malaysia. 
For persons in Mexico: This marketing material is distributed in the United Mexican States ("Mexico') by a Foreign Fthancial instittaion (Institution Financiera 
Ea-tenor) not sub cot to the 
supervision of the National Banking and Secunties Commission (Comisien Nacional litancana y de Valorest (the' CNIaV't "the securities mentioned herein are not registered in the National Securities 
Registry (Registry Nacionat de Valores) (the 'Waif) or in the International Quotation System (Sterna Intemackanal de Cotizacthnes) (the ;SIC') of the Mexican Stock Exchange (Botha Mexicana de 
Valores), therefore such securities, its Issuance. altering, distribution and listing are not subject to the supervision of the CNBV or the provisions of Mexican law The securities shall not be sub*I to 
public offering, listing or brokerage in Mexico unless registered in the RS4V or the SIC pursuant to the applicable legal provisions. 
For persons in Monaco: This product may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank or a duly authorized Monegasque intermediary acting as 
a professional institutional investor vartaah has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the risks arid merits of an awestment in the Fund 
Consequently, this document may only be communicated to banks duly licensed by the -Autorite de Contriale Prudentier and fully licensed portfolio management companies by virtue of Law n" 1.144 
otJuly 26, 1991 and Lava 1.2.33 of September 7, 2007. duly licensed by the "Comnassion de Controle des Activites Finanaieres. Such regu€ated intermediaries may in turn cornaninisate this document 
to potential investors. 
For persons in New Zealand. This information has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted recipients In New Zealand who qualify as an 'investment business" or "government agency' 
within the meaning of clause 37(1t and clause 40 of Schedule I of the New Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. 
For persons in the Sultanate of Oman. The informatkin contained in this Presentation nether constitutes a public otter of securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4174) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80;98). nor does it constitute an offer to sell. or the solicatation of any offer to buy atoll-Omani 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by Article 13 of the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market Law (issued by Decision No.1(2009). 
Additionally, this Presentation is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR CTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039502 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185686 
EFTA01354904

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354905.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354905.pdf
----------------------------------------
GC:AM!: 
.0 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (5/6) 
For persons in Qatar. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an independent investiaation of the risks 
an 
investment in swab interests The promotional documentation does not constitute en otter to the public and is for the use on of the named addressee and should not be g: en or shown to any other 
parson (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the addressee's consideration thereof). The Fund has not been and will not be registered with the Qatar Central Bank or under 
any laws of the Slate of Qatar. No transaction will be concluded in your jurisdiction and any inquii ha. regarding the interests in the Eund should he made to tifahnitower 
For persona in Saudi Arabia. This Presentation may may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under the Otters of Securities Regulations 
issued by the Capital Market Authority (the "CMA-). 
The CMA does riot make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of Ihis Document. and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from. or incurred in reliance 
upon, any part of this Presentation. Prospective purchasers of the interests offered Hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the interests. IF you do 
not understand the contents of this Presentation you should consult an authorized lhancial adviser. 
For persons in Singapore. This Presentation is not a prospectus as defined in the Securities and Futures Act Chapter 280 of Singapore F'SFA') and has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SEA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply, and this Presentation should not be construed in any way as a 
solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any interest or investment referred to in this Presentation . You should consider tarettilly vaiether the investment is suitable for you. The product named m ths 
Presentation is not authorized or recognized by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAST) and none of its interests shares units shall be allowed to be offered to retail pubfic in Singapore. 
This Presentation may be distributed only ffito persons who are Institutional investors- under section 304 of the SEA 
For persons in South Korea. This Presentation is being provided to you for general discussion purposes only to gauge the leve€ of interest in the relevant products. The delivery of tiles Presentation 
to you should not be construed in any way as soliciting investment or offering to sell any interests described in this Presentation. Rather, before the sales of any fund product. the fund will first be 
registered with the Financial Serves Commission in Korea and a locally licensed entity will be engaged. 
For persons in Switzerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee with regard to the content and completeness of the information and does not accept any lability for lones that might arise from 
making use of the information. If nothing is indicated to the contrary. all toures are unaudited The Information provided herein is fur the exclusive use of the recipient. Private equity is private equity 
capital investment in companies that are not traded publicly (i.e.. are not listed on a stock exchange) Private equity investments are generally illiquid and are seen as a long-term invesimenl Private 
equity investments, inchidino the investment oppolunity described herein. may inckide the following additional risks. (i) loss of ail or a substantial poftn of the inveshr's investment, (ii} investment 
'warmers may have Incentives to make investments that are riskier or more speculabve due to performance-based compensation. (iii) lack of liquidity as there may be no secondary market. (iv) 
volatility of returns, IV) restrictions on transfer. (vii potential lack of drverstficaton, (vii) high tees and expenses, (vki) little or no requirement to provide periodic pricing and (ix) complex tax structures 
and delays rn distributina iin
itsrit tax inlorrnalion to investors.
The representative of the Fund in. Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA. 6 Coors de Rive. CH-1204 Geneva (the *Representative"). The offering documents, articles of association and audited 
financial statements can be obtained tree of cuarge from the Representative The piace of performance for interests of the Fund offered or distributed in or from Switzerland is the registered office of 
the Representative. The courts of the cavKon of Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute related to the distribution of 
interests of the Fund in and from Swilzedand shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in StviCerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de rile. CH-1207 Geneva. Switzerland (the Paying Agent'l. Interests may be subscribed andror redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission wil€ be charged by the Paying Agent It a subscrkaion or redemption is made through the Paying Agent. instructions and money nvist be received by the paying agent at 
least 24 hours before the appropnate dealing cut-off time. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039503 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185687 
EFTA01354905

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354906.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (6/6) 
For persons in St Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St nits and Nevis This Presentation has not been reviewed by the Securities COMMissiiin or ti:e 
Financial Services Reg-teeny Commission in St Kitts end Nevis. No regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the :writs of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any regulatory authority in St Kitts and Nevis. Each investor shouii consult his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for 
advice on the various legal. fae or economic matters concerning his or her investment En the Fund 'There is risk involved in investing, with the ultimate risk being Me loss of the investor's entire 
iiiVeStrriant 
For persons in UAEtAbu Dhabi/Dubai. This Presentation. and the information contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute. a public offer of securities in the United Arab 
Emirates and accordirigN should riot be construed as such. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of sophisticated investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment in such interests and (b) upon their specific request The interests in the Fund have nc been approved by or licensed or 
registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Securities and Commodities Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE The Presentation is for the use of the 
named addressee only and should not be preen or shown to any other person (other than employees. agents or consultants rn connection with the addressee's consideration thereof) No transaction 
will be concluded in the UAE and any enquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower.
For persons in the United States of America. In making an Investment decision prospective must rely on their own exarrintilion of the issuer and the terms of the offering. including the merits and 
risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state se:teethes commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of this Presentation Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state or other securities taws or the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated The 
interests will be offered and sold in the United States only to qualifying recipients of the Fund's private placement memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Section 442) and Regulation 0 thereof and any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable Securities lawS at the states and other 
junsdictions where the offering wilt be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only and are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transtermd or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities tots, pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. limited Partners 
should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an investment company under 
the investment Company Act Consequently. Investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. There wilt be no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part •of any person to register the Interests under the Securities Act. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'F•R CRY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039504 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185688 
EFTA01354906

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354907.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
(together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for the fund associated with this presentation material. 
Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, 
completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN 
INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, 
INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD ALSO CONSIDER MAKING SUCH 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation material does not guarantee or predict future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. 
governmental agency, are not obligations of or guaranteed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., or any of their affiliates, 
and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Further, the securities described in this presentation have not been 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund described in this presentation material or its affiliates through arrangements that may or 
may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities, such as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our employees, including 
those of our investment representatives who may offer fund interests to clients, may now or in the future own interests in the fund described in this presentation 
material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. Notwithstanding any other express or implied agreement, arrangement or understanding to the 
contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your employees, representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, to 
disclose to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential transaction, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) 
that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is effective 
without limitation of any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027210 042718 
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Manage:lir:,
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039505 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185689 
EFTA01354907

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354908.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Letter of Authorization for Fund Investment 
Dear Client: 
In connection with your subscription for an interest in the alternative investment fund 
listed below (the "Fund") that is managed by iCapital Advisors, LLC (the "Manager") and offered 
by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. ("Deutsche Bank") as placement agent, Deutsche Bank will be 
required to provide the Manager, the Fund or their affiliates, or the Fund's administrator 
(collectively referred to herein as "iCapital Parties") with certain information about you, as 
follows: 
1. If you are a natural person: 
• 
Your name, residential address, and social security or other tax identification 
number; 
• 
Evidence regarding date of birth and confirmation of middle initial of name; 
• 
Copies of identification documents such as your passport or driver's license; 
• 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial condition as 
required by applicable law. 
2. If you are a corporate structure or trust: 
• 
Incorporation documentation / formation documentation (for example, 
certificate of incorporation, memorandum & articles, trust deed (including 
incorporation documentation for any corporate entities or trusts who are 
beneficial owners of the undersigned); 
• 
ID documentation for individuals who are beneficial owners (>25%); 
• 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial condition as 
required by applicable law. 
This information is referred to herein as the "Information". Accordingly, Deutsche Bank 
requests your consent to share your Information with the iCapital Parties and to receive from 
the iCapital Parties information pertaining to your Fund investment. 
Deutsche Bank regards protecting your personal information as one of our fundamental 
responsibilities. 
*** PLEASE TURN THE TO NEXT PAGE *** 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039506 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185690 
EFTA01354908

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354909.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354909.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
*** PLEASE CHECK THE FOLLOWING BOXES AND SIGN BELOW *** 
Name of Fund:  
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
K 
The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to provide the undersigned's 
Information to the iCapital Parties in order to assist the iCapital Parties to verify the 
undersigned's identity or obtain other "know your customer" information in connection with 
the undersigned's investment in the Fund. 
K 
The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to transfer funds from the 
undersigned's Deutsche Bank account referenced below (the "Client Account") in order to fund 
any required capital contribution by the undersigned to the Fund. 
K 
In addition, the undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to receive from the 
iCapital Parties any information relating to the undersigned's Fund investment, including but 
not limited to all correspondence, statements of account and valuations, at the electronic 
and/or physical address directed by Deutsche Bank. 
K 
The undersigned acknowledges that (1) Fund interests will not be held at 
Deutsche Bank; (2) estimated values of the Fund provided by the iCapital Parties to Deutsche 
Bank and reported on Client Account statements provided by Deutsche Bank will be for 
informational purposes only and may not reflect current Fund values or recent activity; and (3) 
statements of account for the Fund will be sent directly to the undersigned by the iCapital 
Parties, and not by Deutsche Bank. 
The undersigned's authorization shall be valid until revoked in writing. 
Client Authorization: 
(If you are signing on behalf of your organization, please ensure you are an authorized 
signatory) 
Name: 
Signature: 
Title (if applicable):  
Date: 
Deutsche Bank Representative Name / Number (if applicable): 
Subscription Amount: $ 
Conlidenbal 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039507 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185691 
EFTA01354909

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354910.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354910.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Placement Fee: $ 
Initial Capital Contribution Amount: $ 
Deutsche Bank Account Number: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039508 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185692 
EFTA01354910

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354911.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI 25 Gera!d Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
(For Investors referred by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.) 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
April 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement') may only be distributed in conjunction with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the 'Memorandum') relating to the offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests') in Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (US), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and the Memorandum. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039509 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185693 
EFTA01354911

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354912.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the 'Supplement") is intended to modify and update the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary• Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund') with respect to Investors referred or introduced to the Access Fund by Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. acting through its Wealth Management division ("DBSI"). The Access Fund is expected to 
invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with any parallel thirds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the 
extent that any statement or information contained in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this 
Supplement, such statement or information is hereby amended by this Supplement. The Memorandum 
remains in effect except to the extent supplemented or modified herein, and nothing herein modifies or 
changes or should be deemed to modify or change in any way the information contained in the section 
entitled "Important Disclosures" in the Memorandum. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum. All references in the Memorandum to "this 
Memorandum" shall refer to the Memorandum as supplemented hereby. This Supplement has been 
furnished on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or used for any other purposes. Each person 
accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to return it to the General Partner promptly at the request of the 
General Partner or if such person determines not to invest in the Access Fund, including indirectly through 
Glendower Access Secondary• Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the "Feeder Fund" and together with 
the Access Fund, the "Access Funds"). Notwithstanding anything contained herein (and in the 
Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, and any other related documents) to the contrary, each 
Investor (and each employee, representative, or other agent of each such Investor) may disclose to their 
advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service or other U.S. taxing authority. without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of 
the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that arc provided to 
Investors relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, provided, however, that no Investor (and no 
employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other information that is not relevant to 
understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction (including the identity of the party and 
any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or any other information to 
the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in a violation of any U.S. federal or state securities 
law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide information regarding 
DBSI's appointment as Placement Agent and the compensation and fees related thereto. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039510 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_001854384 
EFTA01354912

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354913.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354913.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS125 Gerald Ford 
Chances to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The information contained in the Memorandum under the heading "Summary of Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund" is hereby amended by adding the following information to the last page: 
Servicing Fee: 
The General Partner, the Investment Manager and the Access Funds have entered into a placement 
agreement with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the -DRS! Placement Agreement"), pursuant to which 
DBSI or one or more of its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank") will act as a Placement Agent and refer and/or 
introduce certain of its clients to the Access Funds (each such client that subscribes to the Access Fund, a 
"DB Introduced Person"). The Investment Manager will, in exchange for Deutsche Bank performing 
certain servicing functions, pay to Deutsche Bank in respect of each DB Introduced Person that is not in 
default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement (including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced Person, a fee (the "Servicing Fee"). 
The Servicing Fee will be payable quarterly in advance and will be calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
during the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
(ii.) 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
(iii.) 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of any 
Management Fecs collected by the Access Fund or the Investment Manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable 
sham of Invested Capital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039511 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001854395 
EFTA01354913

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354914.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354914.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSi26 Gerald Ford 
DB Placement Fee: 
Each DB Introduced Person will directly pay Deutsche Bank a Placement Fee (the "DB Placement Fee") 
in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, any such DB Placement Fee paid by a 
DB Introduced Person to Deutsche Bank will not be considered a capital contribution to the Access Fund. 
All expenses (including marketing costs) of Deutsche Bank shall be borne by Deutsche Bank. Deutsche 
Bank in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all or any portion of the DB Placement Fee payable 
by any particular DB Introduced Person. 
The DB Placement Fee rates applicable at each level of investment are as follows: ** 
Subscription in US$ 
Placement 
Fee Rate 
from $5,000,000 or 
greater 
from $3,000.000 to 
$4,999,999 
less than $3,000,000 
1.00% 
1.50% 
2.00% 
** The DB Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart from the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the relevant DB Introduced 
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund (e.g., a DB Introduced Person with an aggregate Subscription of 
$1 million will pay to Deutsche Bank a DB Placement Fee equal to $20,000). 
Direct Investor Placement Fees: 
Pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between Deutsche Bank and one or more of the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, LLC, Deutsche Bank will also act as placement 
agent for the Underlying Fund and will refer and/or introduce certain of its clients to the Underlying Fund. 
In consideration for such services, the Glendower GP or an affiliate shall pay Deutsche Bank a placement 
fee equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person. 
In addition, certain clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the Underlying Fund. Deutsche Bank 
will be paid a fee in respect of each such direct investor based on such direct investor's aggregate 
commitment to the Underlying Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the additional layer of fees and 
expenses to which DB Introduced Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients investing directly in the 
Underlying Fund will be subject to the eligibility, suitability and minimum capital commitment 
requirements as determined by the Glendower GP. 
Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest Applicable to DB Introduced Persons 
In addition to the risk factors and conflicts of interest contained in the Memorandum under the heading 
"Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest," the following risk factors and conflicts of interest 
apply to each DB Introduced Person. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039512 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001854396 
EFTA01354914

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354915.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354915.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI25 Gerald Ford 
Deutsche Bank will serve as one of the Placement Agents to the Access Funds. Deutsche Bank may charge 
a DB Introduced Person the DB Placement Fee in respect of each Subscription made by such DB Introduced 
Person. The DB Placement Fee may differ from placement fees charged to Investors introduced to the 
Access Funds by other Placement Agents as well as from those charged to other DB Introduced Persons. 
The DB Placement Fee may be waived or reduced by Deutsche Bank in respect of any particular DB 
Introduced Person without thereby entitling any other DB Introduced Person to a similar waiver or 
reduction. In addition, the Investment Manager will, in exchange for certain servicing functions rendered 
by Deutsche Bank, pay the Servicing Fee to Deutsche Bank in respect of each DB Introduced Person that is not 
in default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement (including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced Person, as follows: (i) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be 
equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund, multiplied by (a) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is less 
than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; (b) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and (c) if the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per 
annum; (ii) after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second anniversary of 
the termination of the -investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB 
Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable sham 
(based upon Subscriptions) of the Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by (a) if the aggregate Subscription 
of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; (b) if the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 
million, 0.36% per annum; and (c) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and (iii) thereafter until the last day of the term of 
the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) 
the amount of any Management Fees collected by the Access Fund or the Investment Manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share of Invested 
Capital. Finally, Deutsche Bank will also receive from the Glendower GP or an affiliate a placement fee 
equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund 
attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person in respect of portion of the Access Fund's 
aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB 
Introduced Person. Deutsche Bank may or may not receive payment of similar fees (which may be lower 
or greater than fees received in connection with the placement of Interests in the Access Fund) with respect 
to the placement of interests in certain other funds established, sponsored or distributed by the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager, the Glendower GP or their respective affiliates, as well as others. 
Accordingly, the potential for Deutsche Bank to receive such fees in connection with the Access Funds 
may create an incentive for Deutsche Bank to recommend and market an investment into the Access Funds 
and presents a potential conflict of interest in recommending a direct or indirect investment in the Access 
Funds as compared to investments in other funds where Deutsche Bank may not receive such fees or may 
receive lower fees. Conversely, the prospect of receiving, or the receipt of, the fees described above, which 
may be less or different than fees associated with interests or shares of other funds or investment products 
offered by Deutsche Bank may provide Deutsche Bank and its sales persons with an incentive to favor sales 
of interests or shams of other funds or investment products over sales of Interests. In addition, certain 
clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the Underlying Fund. Deutsche Bank will be paid a fee in 
respect of each such direct investor based on such direct investor's aggregate commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the additional layer of fees and expenses to which DB Introduced 
Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients in esting directly in the Underlying Fund will be subject to the 
eligibility, suitability and minimum capital commitment requirements as determined by the Glendower GP. 
Prospective investors should take such fees, and the related potential conflicts of interest, into account when 
considering and evaluating any recommendations related to a direct or indirect investment in the Underlying 
Fund. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039513 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001854397 
EFTA01354915

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354916.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUSi26 Gerald Ford 
Changes to Certain Regulatory Matters 
The section of the Memorandum under the heading "Certain Regulatory Matters" is hereby amended by 
adding the following immediately after the second paragraph in the risk factor titled "Mandated Disclosure 
ofCertnin Events": 
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental and regulatory investigations 
into research and analysts practices, DBSI reached a settlement agreement with the SEC, the National 
Association of Securities Dealers, the New York Stock Exchange and the New York Attorney General, and 
with other state regulators arising from an investigation of research analyst independence. Under the terms 
of the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay 587.5 million. 
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the SEC, the New Jersey Department of Securities and 
New York Attorney General in connection with various claims under the federal securities laws and state 
common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and auction rate securities (together, 
"ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI was required to, among other things, offer to buy back 
ARS purchased by certain customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers who took out loans secured 
by ARS and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. In connection with the 
settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders against DBSI. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039514 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_001854398 
EFTA01354916

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354917.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354917.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ferro W-9 
(Rev. November 2017) 
DePxtmem et the Treasury 
Internet Revenue Service 
Request for Taxpayer 
Identification Number and Certification 
Or Go to www.irs.gov/ForrnW9 for instructions and the latest information 
Give Form to the 
requester. Do not 
send to the IRS. 
a.
a. 
Name (as s 
n on your Income tax return). Name is required on this line; do not leave this line blank. 
Business namensregaroed entity name 
different from above 
Check appropriate box for federal tax classification of the person whose name a entered on line 1. Check only one of the 
following seven boxes. 
o Individual/sole proprietor or 0 C Corporation 
❑s Corporation 
CI Partnership 
Trust/estate 
single-member LLC 
K Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C-C corporation, S-S corporation. P-Partnership) ► 
Note: Check the appropriate box in the line above for the tax ciassilication of the single-member owner. Do not check 
LLC if the LLC is classified as a single-member LLC that is disregarded from the owner unless the owner of the LLC is 
another LLC that is not disregarded from the owner for US. federal tax purposes. Otherwise, a single-member LLC that 
is disregarded from the owner should check the appropriate box for the tax classification of its owner. 
o Other (see instructions). 
S Address (number, street. and apt. or suite no.) See instructions. 
Exemptions (codes apply wily to 
certain entities. not individuals: see 
instructions on Page 3): 
Exempt payee code (d are) 
Exemption from FATCA reporting 
code fif any) 
lApOon to seccu 
lane. wow IM USJ 
City, state, and ZIP code 
Requesters name no address (opt 
List account number(s) here (optional) 
Part I 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on line 1 to avoid 
backup withholding. For individuals, this is generally your social security number (SSN). However, for a 
resident alien, sole proprietor, or disregarded entity, see the instructions for Part I, later. For other 
entities, it is your employer identification number (EIN). If you do not have a number, see How to get a 
TIN, later. 
Note: If the account is in more than one name, see the instructions for line 1. Also see What Name and 
Number To Give the Requester for guidelines on whose number to enter. 
Part II 
I Social security number 
Or 
Employer Identification number 
Certification 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me); and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding; and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined below); and 
4. The FATCA codels) entered on this form (if any) indicating that I am exempt from FATCA reporting is correct. 
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backupthhokling because 
you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. For real estate transactions. item 2 does not appfyor mortgage interest paid. 
acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual refiremeetrangement ORAL and generally, payments 
other than interest and dividends, you are not required to sign the certification, but you musirovide your correct TIN. See the instructions for Part II. later. 
Sign 
Here 
Signature of 
U.S. person ► 
Date ► 
General Instructions 
Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code unless otherwise 
noted. 
Future developments. For the latest information about developments 
related to Form W-9 and its instructions, such as legislation enacted 
after they were published, go to vnywirs.gov/ForrnW9. 
Purpose of Form 
M individual or entity (Form W-9 requester) who is required to file an 
information return with the IRS must obtain your correct taxpayer 
identification number (TIN) which may be your social security number 
(SSN). individual taxpayer identification number (ITN). adoption 
taxpayer identification number (ATIN). or employer identification number 
(EIN), to report on an information return the amount paid to you, or other 
amount reportable on en information return. Examples of Information 
returns include. but are not limited to. the following. 
• Form 1099-INT (interest earned or paid) 
• Form 1099-DIV (dividends. Including those from stocks or mutual 
funds) 
• Form 1099-MISC (various types of income. prizes. awards. or gross 
proceeds) 
• Form 1099-B (stock or mutual fund sales and certain other 
transactions by brokers) 
• Form 1099-S (proceeds from real estate transactions) 
• Form 1099-K (merchant card and third party network transactions) 
• Form 1098 (home mortgage interest), 1098-E (student loan interest), 
1098-7 (tuition) 
• Form 1099-C (canceled debt) 
• Form 1099-A (acquisition or abandonment of secured property) 
Use Form W-9 only if you are a U.S. person (including a resident 
alien), to provide your correct TIN. 
if you do not return Form W-9 to the requester with a TIN, you might 
be subject to backup withholding. See What is backup withholding, 
tater. 
Cat. No. 10231)( 
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039515 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185699 
EFTA01354917

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354918.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354918.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
page 2 
By signing the filled-out form, you: 
1. Certify that the TIN you are giving is correct (or you are waiting for a 
number to be issued), 
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding, or 
3. Claim exemption from backup withholding if you are a U.S. exempt 
payee. If applicable, you are also certifying that as a U.S. person, your 
allocable share of any partnership income from a U.S. trade or business 
is not subject to the withholding tax on foreign partners' share of 
effectively connected Income, and 
4. Certify that FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating 
that you are exempt from the FATCA reporting, is correct. See What is 
FATCA reporting, later, for further Information. 
Note: If you are a U.S. person and a requester gives you a form other 
than Form W-9 to request your TIN, you must use the requester's form if 
it is substantially similar to this Form W-9. 
Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax purposes, you are 
considered a U.S. person if you are: 
• An individual who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident alien; 
• A partnership, corporation, company, or association created or 
organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States; 
• An estate (other than a foreign estate); or 
• A domestic trust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701-7). 
Special rules for partnerships. Partnerships that conduct a trade or 
business in the United States are generally required to pay a withholding 
tax under section 1446 on any foreign partners' share of effectively 
connected taxable income from such business. Further, in certain cases 
where a Form W-9 has not been received, the rules under section 1446 
require a partnership to presume that a partner is a foreign person, and 
pay the section 1446 withholding tax. Therefore, if you are a U.S. person 
that is a partner in a partnership conducting a trade or business in the 
United States, provide Form W-9 to the partnership to establish your 
U.S. status and avoid section 1446 withholding on your share of 
partnership income. 
In the cases below, the following person must give Form W-9 to the 
partnership for purposes of establishing its U.S. status and avoiding 
withholding on its allocable share of net income from the partnership 
conducting a trade or business in the United States. 
• In the case of a disregarded entity with a U.S. owner, the U.S. owner 
of the disregarded entity and not the entity; 
• In the case of a grantor trust with a U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner. 
generally, the U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner of the grantor trust and 
not the trust; and 
• In the case of a U.S. trust (other than a grantor trust). the U.S. trust 
(other than a grantor trust) and not the beneficiaries of the trust. 
Foreign person. If you are a foreign person or the U.S. branch of a 
foreign bank that has elected to be treated as a U.S. person, do not use 
Form W-9. Instead. use the appropriate Form W-8 or Form 8233 (see 
Pub. 515, Withholding of Tax on Nonresident Aliens and Foreign 
Entities). 
Nonresident alien who becomes a resident alien. Generally, only a 
nonresident alien individual may use the terms of a tax treaty to reduce 
or eliminate U.S. tax on certain types of income. However, most tax 
treaties contain a provision known as a "saving clause." Exceptions 
specified in the saving clause may permit an exemption from tax to 
continue for certain types of income even after the payee has otherwise 
become a U.S. resident alien for tax purposes. 
If you are a U.S. resident alien who is relying on an exception 
contained in the saving clause of a tax treaty to claim an exemption 
from U.S. tax on certain types of income, you must attach a statement 
to Form W-9 that specifies the following five items. 
1. The treaty country. Generally, this must be the same treaty under 
which you claimed exemption from tax as a nonresident alien. 
2. The treaty article addressing the income. 
3. The article number (or location) in the tax treaty that contains the 
saving clause and its exceptions. 
4. The type and amount of income that qualifies for the exemption 
from tax. 
5. Sufficient facts to justify the exemption from tax under the terms of 
the treaty article. 
Example. Article 20 of the U.S.-China income tax treaty allows an 
exemption from tax for scholarship income received by a Chinese 
student temporarily present in the United States. Under U.S. law, this 
student will become a resident alien for tax purposes if his or her stay in 
the United States exceeds 5 calendar years. However, paragraph 2 of 
the first Protocol to the U.S.-China treaty (dated April 30, 1984) allows 
the provisions of Article 20 to continue to apply even after the Chinese 
student becomes a resident alien of the United States. A Chinese 
student who qualifies for this exception (under paragraph 2 of the first 
protocol) and is relying on this exception to claim an exemption from tax 
on his or her scholarship or fellowship income would attach to Form 
W-9 a statement that includes the information described above to 
support that exemption. 
If you are a nonresident alien or a foreign entity, give the requester the 
appropriate completed Form W-8 or Form 8233. 
Backup Withholding 
What is backup withholding? Persons making certain payments to you 
must under certain conditions withhold and pay to the IRS 28% of such 
payments. This is called "backup withholding." Payments that may be 
subject to backup withholding include interest, tax-exempt interest, 
dividends, broker and barter exchange transactions, rents, royalties, 
nonemployee pay, payments made in settlement of payment card and 
third party network transactions, and certain payments from fishing boat 
operators. Real estate transactions are not subject to backup 
withholding. 
You will not be subject to backup withholding on payments you 
receive if you give the requester your correct TIN, make the proper 
certifications, and report all your taxable interest and dividends on your 
tax retum. 
Payments you receive will be subject to backup withholding if: 
1. You do not furnish your TIN to the requester, 
2. You do not certify your TIN when required (see the instructions for 
Part II for details), 
3. The IRS tells the requester that you furnished an incorrect TIN, 
4. The IRS tells you that you are subject to backup withholding 
because you did not report all your interest and dividends on your tax 
return (for reportable interest and dividends only), or 
5. You do not certify to the requester that you are not subject to 
backup withholding under 4 above (for reportable interest and dividend 
accounts opened after 1983 only). 
Certain payees and payments are exempt from backup withholding. 
See Exempt payee code, later, and the separate Instructions for the 
Requester of Form W-9 for more information. 
Also see Special rules for partnerships, earlier. 
What is FATCA Reporting? 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) requires a 
participating foreign financial institution to report all United States 
account holders that are specified United States persons. Certain 
payees are exempt from FATCA reporting. See Exemption from FATCA 
reporting code, later, and the Instructions for the Requester of Form 
W-9 for more information. 
Updating Your Information 
You must provide updated information to any person to whom you 
claimed to be an exempt payee if you are no longer an exempt payee 
and anticipate receiving reportable payments in the future from this 
person. For example. you may need to provide updated information if 
you are a C corporation that elects to be an S corporation, or if you no 
longer are tax exempt. In addition, you must furnish a new Form W-9 if 
the name or TIN changes for the account; for example, if the grantor of a 
grantor trust dies. 
Penalties 
Failure to furnish TIN. If you fail to furnish your correct TIN to a 
requester, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure 
unless your failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect. 
Civil penalty for false information with respect to withholding. II you 
make a false statement with no reasonable basis that results in no 
backup withholding, you are subject to a 3500 penalty. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00165700 
DB-SDNY-0039516 
EFTA01354918

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354919.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 4 
The following chart shows types of payments that may be exempt 
from backup withholding. The chart applies to the exempt payees listed 
above, 1 through 13. 
IF the payment is for ... 
THEN the payment is exempt 
for... 
Interest and dividend payments 
All exempt payees except 
for 7 
Broker transactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 and 6 
through 11 and all C corporations. 
S corporations must not enter an 
exempt payee code because they 
are exempt only for sales of 
noncovered securities acquired 
prior to 2012. 
Barter exchange transactions and 
patronage dividends 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 
Payments over $600 required to be 
reported and direct sales over 
55,000" 
Generally, exempt payees 
through 5' 
Payments made in settlement of 
payment card or third party network 
Uansactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 
I See Form 1099-MISC, Miscellaneous Income, and its instructions. 
However, the following payments made to a corporation and 
reportable on Form 1099-MISC are not exempt from backup 
withholding: medical and health care payments, attorneys' fees, gross 
proceeds paid to an attorney reportable under section 604501 and 
payments for services paid by a federal executive agency. 
Exemption from FATCA reporting code. The following codes identify 
payees that are exempt from reporting under FATCA. These codes 
apply to persons submitting this form for accounts maintained outside 
of the United States by certain foreign financial institutions. Therefore, if 
you are only submitting this form for an account you hold in the United 
States, you may leave this field blank. Consult with the person 
requesting this form if you are uncertain if the financial institution is 
subject to these requirements. A requester may indicate that a code is 
not required by providing you with a Form W-9 with "Not Applicable" (or 
any similar indication) written or printed on the line for a FATCA 
exemption code. 
A—An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a) or any 
individual retirement plan as defined in section 7701(aX37) 
B—The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities 
C —A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession, or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities 
D —A corporation the stock of which is regularly traded on one or 
more established securities markets, as described in Regulations 
section 1.1472-1(cX1)(1) 
E—A corporation that is a member of the same expanded affiliated 
group as a corporation described in Regulations section 1.1472-1(c)(1)(i) 
F —A dealer in securities, commodities, or derivative financial 
instruments (including notional principal contracts, futures, forwards, 
and options) that is registered as such under the laws of the United 
States or any state 
G—A real estate investment trust 
H —A regulated investment company as defined in section 851 or an 
entity registered at all times during the tax year under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 
I—A common trust fund as defined in section 584(a) 
J —A bank as defined in section 581 
K —A broker 
L—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section 
4947(a)(1) 
M —A tax exempt trust under a section 403(b) plan or section 457(g) 
plan 
Note: You may wish to consult with the financial institution requesting 
this form to determine whether the FATCA code and/or exempt payee 
code should be completed. 
Line 5 
Enter your address (number. street. and apartment or suite number). 
This is where the requester of this Form W-9 will mail your information 
returns. If this address differs from the one the requester already has on 
file, write NEW at the top. If a new address is provided, there is still a 
chance the old address will be used until the payor changes your 
address in their records. 
Line 6 
Enter your city, state, and ZIP code. 
Part I. Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. If you are a resident alien and 
you do not have and are not eligible to get an SSN. your TIN is your IRS 
individual taxpayer identification number (ITIN). Enter it in the social 
security number box. If you do not have an ITIN. see How to get a TIN 
below. 
If you are a sole proprietor and you have an EIN, you may enter either 
your SSN or EIN. 
If you are a single-member LLC that is disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner, enter the owner's SSN (or EIN, if the owner has 
one). Do not enter the disregarded entity's EIN. If the LLC is classified as 
a corporation or partnership, enter the entity's EIN. 
Note: See What Name and Number To Give the Requester, later, for 
further clarification of name and TIN combinations. 
How to get a TIN. If you do not have a TIN, apply for one immediately. 
To apply for an SSN, get Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security 
Card, from your local SSA office or get this form online at 
nww.SSA.gov. You may also get this form by calling 1-800-772-1213. 
Use Form W-7. Application for IRS Individual Taxpayer Identification 
Number, to apply for an ITIN, or Form SS-4, Application for Employer 
Identification Number, to apply for an EIN. You can apply for an EIN 
online by accessing the IRS website at www.irs.gov/Businesses and 
clicking on Employer Identification Number (EIN) under Starting a 
Business. Go to wvnv.irs.gov/Forms to view, download, or print Form 
W-7 and/or Form SS-4. Or. you can go to www.irs.gov/OrderForms to 
place an order and have Form W-7 and/or SS-4 mailed to you within 10 
business days. 
If you are asked to complete Form W-9 but do not have a TIN, apply 
for a TIN and write "Applied For" in the space for the TIN, sign and date 
the form, and give it to the requester. For interest and dividend 
payments, and certain payments made with respect to readily tradable 
instruments, generally you will have 60 days to get a TIN and give it to 
the requester before you are subject to backup withholding on 
payments. The 60-day rule does not apply to other types of payments. 
You will be subject to backup withholding on all such payments until 
you provide your TIN to the requester. 
Note: Entering "Applied For" means that you have already applied for a 
TIN or that you intend to apply for one soon. 
Caution: A disregarded U.S. entity that has a foreign owner must use 
the appropriate Form W-8. 
Part II. Certification 
To establish to the withholding agent that you are a U.S. person, or 
resident alien, sign Form W-9. You may be requested to sign by the 
withholding agent even if item 1, 4, or 5 below indicates otherwise. 
For a joint account, only the person whose TIN is shown in Part I 
should sign (when required). In the case of a disregarded entity, the 
person identified on line 1 must sign. Exempt payees, see Exerrpt payee 
code, earlier. 
Signature requirements. Complete the certification as indicated in 
items 1 through 5 below. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185702 
DB-SDNY-0039518 
EFTA01354919

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354920.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354920.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 5 
1. Interest, dividend, and barter exchange accounts opened 
before 1984 and broker accounts considered active during 1983. 
You must give your correct TIN, but you do not have to sign the 
certification. 
2. Interest, dividend, broker, and barter exchange accounts 
opened atter 1983 and broker accounts considered inactive during 
1983. You must sign the certification or backup withholding will apply. If 
you are subject to backup withholding and you are merely providing 
your correct TIN to the requester, you must cross out item 2 in the 
certification before signing the form. 
3. Real estate transactions. You must sign the certification. You may 
cross out item 2 of the certification. 
4. Other payments. You must give your correct TIN. but you do not 
have to sign the certification unless you have been notified that you 
have previously given an incorrect TIN. "Other payments" include 
payments made in the course of the requester's trade or business for 
rents. royalties, goods (other than bills for merchandise), medical and 
health care services (including payments to corporations), payments to 
a nonemployee for services, payments made in settlement of payment 
card and third party network transactions, payments to certain fishing 
boat crew members and fishermen, and gross proceeds pad to 
attorneys (including payments to corporations). 
5. Mortgage interest paid by you, acquisition or abandonment of 
secured property, cancellation of debt, qualified tuition program 
payments (under section 529), ABLE accounts (under section 529A), 
IRA, Coverdell ESA, Archer MSA or HSA contributions or 
distributions, and pension distributions. You must give your correct 
TIN, but you do not have to sign the certification. 
What Name and Number To Give the Requester 
For this type of account: 
Give name and SSN of: 
1. Indrodual 
2. Two or more individuals (joint 
account) other than an account 
maintained by an FF1 
3. Two or more U.S. persons 
(joint account maintained by an FFQ 
4. Custodial account of a manor 
(Uniform Gift to Minors Act) 
5. a. The usual revocable savings trust 
(grantor is also trustee) 
b. So-caned trust account that is not 
a legal or valid trust under slate law 
8. Sole proprietorship or disregarded 
entity owned by an individual 
7. Grantor trust filing under Optional 
Form 1099 Filing Method 1 (see 
Regulations section 1.671.4(bX2N8 
The individual 
The actual owner of the account or, if 
combined funds, the first individual on 
the account' 
Each holder of the account 
The minor' 
The grantor-trustee 
The actual owner' 
The owner 
The grantor' 
For this type of account: 
8. Disregarded entity not owned by an 
individual 
9. A valid trust. estate. or pension trust 
10. Corporation or LLC electing 
corporate status on Form 8832 or 
Form 2553 
11. Association, club, religious. 
charitable, educational, or other tax-
exempt organization 
12. Partnership or multi-member LLC 
13. A broker or reentered nominee 
Give name and MN of: 
The owner 
Legal entity 
The corporation 
The organization 
The partnership 
The broker or nominee 
For this type of account: 
Give name and EIN of: 
14. Account with the Department of 
Agriculture in the name of a pubic 
entity (such as a state or local 
government. school *Oct. or 
prison) that receives agricultural 
program payments 
15. Grantor trust filing under the Form 
1041 Fikng Method or the Optional 
Form 1099 Filing Method 2 (see 
Regulations section 1.871-408(2)MB)) 
The public entity 
The trust 
' List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish. 
If only one person on a joint accoun has an SSN. that person's number 
must be furnished. 
' Circle the minor's name and furnish the minor's SSN. 
' You must show your individual name and you may also enter your 
business or DBA name on the -Business name/disregarded entity" 
name line. You may use either your SSN or EIN (if you have one), but the 
IRS encourages you to use your SSN. 
' List first and circle the name of the trust, estate, or pension trust. Po 
not furnish the TIN of the personal representative or trustee unless the 
legal entity itself is not designated in the account title.) Also see Special 
rules for partnerships, earlier. 
'Note: The grantor also must provide a Form W-9 to trustee of trust. 
Note: If no name is circled when more than one name is listed, the 
number will be considered to be that of the first name listed. 
Secure Your Tax Records From Identity Theft 
Identity theft occurs when someone uses your personal information 
such as your name, SSN, or Other identifying information, without your 
permission, to commit fraud or other crimes. An identity thief may use 
your SSN to get a job or may file a tax retum using your SSN to receive 
a refund. 
To reduce your risk: 
• Protect your SSN, 
• Ensure your employer is protecting your SSN, and 
• Be careful when choosing a tax preparer. 
If your tax records are affected by identity theft and you receive a 
notice from the IRS. respond right away to the name and phone number 
printed on the IRS notice or letter. 
If your tax records are not currently affected by identity theft but you 
think you are at risk due to a lost or stolen purse or wallet, questionable 
credit card activity or credt report, contact the IRS Identity Theft Hotline 
at 1-800-908-4490 or submit Form 14039. 
For more information, see Pub. 5027. Identity Theft Information for 
Taxpayers. 
Victims of identity theft who are experiencing economic harm or a 
systemic problem, or are seeking help in resolving tax problems that 
have not been resolved through normal channels, may be eligible for 
Taxpayer Advocate Service (TAS) assistance. You can reach TAS by 
calling the TAS toll-free case intake line at 1-877-777-4778 or TTY/TDD 
1-800-829-4059. 
Protect yourself from suspicious smalls or phishing schemes. 
Phishing is the creation and use of email and websites designed to 
mimic legitimate business emails and websites. The most common act 
is sending an email to a user falsely claiming to be an established 
legitimate enterprise in an attempt to scam the user into surrendering 
private information that will be used for identity theft. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185703 
DB-SDNY-0039519 
EFTA01354920

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354921.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354921.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fern W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 6 
The IRS does not initiate contacts with taxpayers via emails. Also, the 
IRS does not request personal detailed information through email or ask 
taxpayers for the PIN numbers, passwords, or similar secret access 
information for their credit card, bank, or other financial accounts. 
If you receive an unsolicited email claiming to be from the IRS, 
forward this message to phishingetirs.gov. You may also report misuse 
of the IRS name, logo, or other IRS property to the Treasury Inspector 
General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) at 1.800.366.4484. You can 
forward suspicious emails to the Federal Trade Commission at 
sPameuce.gov or report them at www.ftc.gov/complaint. You can 
contact the FTC at wvny.ffc.govridtheff or 877-IDTHEFT (877-438-4338). 
If you have been the victim of identity theft, see tovw.IdentityTheft.gov 
and Pub. 5027. 
Visit www.irs.govildentilyThelt to learn more about identity theft and 
how to reduce your risk. 
Privacy Act Notice 
Section 6109 of the Internal Revenue Code requires you to provide your 
correct TIN to persons (including federal agencies) who are required to 
file information retums with the IRS to report interest, dividends, or 
certain other income paid to you; mortgage interest you paid: the 
acquisition or abandonment of secured property: the cancellation of 
debt: or contributions you made to an IRA. Archer MSA, or HSA. The 
person collecting this form uses the information on the form to file 
information returns with the IRS, reporting the above information. 
Routine uses of this information include giving it to the Department of 
Justice for civil and criminal litigation and to cities. states, the District of 
Columbia, and U.S. commonwealths and possessions for use in 
administering their laws. The Information also may be disclosed to other 
countries under a treaty, to federal and state agencies to enforce civil 
end criminal laws. or to federal law enforcement and intelligence 
agencies to combat terrorism. You must provide your TIN whether or 
not you are required to file a tax return. Under section 3406, payers 
must generally withhold a percentage of taxable interest, dividend, and 
certain other payments to a payee who does not give a TIN to the payer. 
Certain penalties may also apply for providing false or fraudulent 
information. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185704 
DB-SDNY-0039520 
EFTA01354921

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354922.pdf
----------------------------------------
List Financial Institutions Used (Corporate & Individual Parties): 
1. Institution 
1. Country:
1. Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
    I 
2. Institution.' 
2. Country:i
2. EM. Assets Under Mgt 
3. Institution: 
3. Country: 
3. Est. Assets Under Mgtrius
imie
2. Please provide a percentage verification as to the different sources of wealth. Specifically, which sources are 
responsible for more than 25% of the UBOs wealth? — Our SOW description involves companies Southern Trust 
Company Inc, J. Epstein & Co and Radar (a celebrity and pop culture magazine in which he shares 50% ownership with 
its founder). Kindly confirm? 
3. Under section 3A of the Global print section covering UBO Jeffrey E. Epstein, there is a box checked reflecting that Mr. 
Epstein has not resided outside of the US for 5 years or more. This contradicts other media covering Mr. Epstein 
suggesting he has resided in the US Virgin Islands for longer than 5 years. Please confirm. — We were under the 
impression that US Virgin Islands is part of the US and all residents of this island have US passports. Could you advise on 
this, please? 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CUB Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
61, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore on East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile +91 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039522 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185706 
EFTA01354922

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354923.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
11/1/2018 10:35:16 AM 
To: 
Mayur Rathod 
CC: 
Richard larossi 
Bradley Gillin 
I 
; Vijay-A Sawant 
Subject: 
RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP (II 
Attachments: image001.gif 
No update on Gratitude. I expect to have one today 
; Vinita Advani 
From: Mayur Rathod 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 10:34 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Richard larossi < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Vinita Advani 
>; Vijay-A Sawant < 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP [II 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Stew, 
We did get LPOA for Paul Barrett, but for other accounts. 
We have it now for J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc. — highlighted in GREEN below. All the other rejection items 
are pending. 
Also, do we have an update on Gratitude America Ltd. — are client willing to provide the documents for BV70 LLC — a 
significant donor in this KYC, or are they going to close the account. Please confirm. 
Kindly assist with the below. 
Thanks in advance. 
Regards 
Mayur Rathod 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited 
Wealth Management 
Floor 1, Ell, 08 Centre Mumbai 
Nirlon Knowled e Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon East, Mumbai 400063, India 
Tel.: +91 22 
Email: 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Wednesday, October 31, 2018 6:46 PM 
To: Mayur Rathod 
Cc: Richard larossi < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Vinita Advani 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039523 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185707 
EFTA01354923

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354924.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354924.pdf
----------------------------------------
Vijay-A Sawan 
Subject: Re: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP [II 
Pretty sure we have already provided some of these. I still need to talk to the client about the remaining items. Have 
been away for 3 days in sales training with Brad, hope to call client today or tmw. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue New York, NY 10154 
Tel 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Oct 31, 2018, at 9:13 AM, Mayur Ratho
dyrote: 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Rich, 
Hope all is well. 
Following up on the below email sent by Vijay regarding pending rejection items. 
Do we have any update on the same. 
Thanks & Regards 
<image001.gif> 
Mayur Rathod 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited 
Wealth Management 
Floor 1, Bl, 08 Centre Mumbai 
Express Highway, Goregaon East, Mumbai 400063, India 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, October 26 2018 2:37 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfi 
Cc: Bradle Gillin 
Mayur Ratho• 
Vinita Advani 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Alka Babu 
Hi Stewart, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039524 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185708 
EFTA01354924

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354925.pdf
----------------------------------------
For Hyperion LLC and J Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc in rejected KYC 01977699, we require the 
following items mentioned in red fonts — 
(3) Please provide evidence of or a case comment regarding confirmation from the client that the 
information on the KYC is still accurate (i.e. ownership structure, signatories, etc. have not changed). 
The comment must include the name of the person spoken with and date this conversation occurred. 
(The attached internal email does not meet this requirement.) — No material confirmation email was 
attached to the KYC but will not suffice as per AFC. They need evidence of client (person) & date 
+confirming no material changes. 
(4) Operating Agreement for Hyperion Air LLC indicates the company is manager-managed and the initial 
manager was Lawrence Visoski. Is he still manager? Please provide evidence of the current management 
for this entity. — Please provide evidence confirming if Lawrence Visoski is still the initial manager at 
Hyperion Air LLC. We have re-checked the repositories and didn't find anything for this. 
(6) Please attach evidence of signing authority (Corporate authorization) for the brokerage account of J. 
Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation In., granting signing auth for Erika Kellerhals. — Will need DB Corporate 
Resolution for this brokerage account# N4G024950 
(7) Per J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc brokerage account documents, Limited Trading Authority 
granted to Paul Barrett. Please add as party to the KYC with all appropriate documentation and 
research. Please help in getting limited Trading Authority document for Paul Barrett for this account. 
For Mort Inc covered in rejected KYC Case 01983253, the following is the only pending rejection item - 
1. In addition to the provided source of wealth information, please provide info and narrative as to the 
source of funds that will be deposited into the account. — Please provide info on Jeffrey Epstein's source 
of funds. 
We look forward to the required dots & info. Thanking you in advance for all your help. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
Mt Case Representative 
Deutsche cia Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, 08 Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, 0 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Bradley Gilli 
ayur Rathod 
Vinita Advani 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Alka Babu 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039525 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00 185709 
EFTA01354925

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354926.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354926.pdf
----------------------------------------
We've responded to many of these already. Please list only outstanding items in a single email. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 10:50 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Bradle Gillin < 
>; Richard larossi 
>; Mayur Rathod < 
>; Vinita Advani < 
Subject: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
>; Alka Babu 
Hi Stewart, 
As discussed, we are awaiting responses to attached emails. For Plan D, you have mentioned that you 
are reaching out to the client, so just awaiting feedback on that. 
Please note the resolution of above cases will lead to completion of ALL accounts from this relationship 
for 2018. 
For Jockey Club, I will respond in a separate email. 
Let us know if any queries, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche 08 Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Ma 
ement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039526 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185710 
EFTA01354926

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354927.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354927.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Frank DeBenedittis 
I 
Sent: 
5/9/2018 10:30:55 AM 
To: 
Andrew King 
• Stewart Oldfield I 
CC: 
Nathaniel Morgan 
; William-M Finn 
Subject: 
RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
Attachments: GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co.zip; GLDUS127 Annandale Capital.zip; GLDUS141 Greg Martin.zip; image001.jpg; 
image002.gif; image003.gif 
From: Frank DeBenedittis 
Sent: Wednesday, May 09, 2018 10:29 AM 
To: Andrew King < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan < 
>; William-M Finn < 
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
From: Frank DeBenedittis 
Sent: Wednesday, May 09, 2018 10:16 AM 
To: Andrew King < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan < 
>; William-M Finn < 
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
From: Frank DeBenedittis 
Sent: Wednesday, May 09, 2018 10:14 AM 
To: Andrew King < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan < 
>; William-M Finn < 
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
From: Frank DeBenedittis 
Sent: Wednesday, May 09, 2018 10:13 AM 
To: Andrew King < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan < 
>; William-M Finn < 
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
From: Frank DeBenedittis 
Sent: Wednesday, May 09, 2018 10:11 AM 
To: Andrew King < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan < 
>; William-M Finn < 
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
Stew, 
Please see the attached documents and the approved email language below. I will send the other clients' zip files in a 
separate email or once they are approved. The entire zip file should be sent to clients but I tend to separate the factsheet 
and pitchbook from the broader zip file (see below) when sending the email to clients. Please copy someone from ISG on 
the email as this is required by our BAM. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039527 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185711 
EFTA01354927

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354928.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354928.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital is an independent secondary private equity manager (formerly affiliated with Deutsche Asset 
Management) that seeks to purchase mature, high quality private equity fund interests from investors seeking 
liquidity. Glendower currently consists of a 23 person-strong team with $3 billion in total client assets and offices in 
London and New York. Glendower's mission is to deliver top-quartile, buyout-like returns while mitigating downside risk 
through its disciplined, bottom-up underwriting process, as well as the shorter duration of secondary investments, which 
leads to early cash distributions to investors. The Fund seeks to continue the successful secondary strategy the team has 
pursued since its inception at Deutsche Bank in 2006 - which has resulted in a negligible loss ratio - by aiming to build a 
globally diversified portfolio of seasoned funds, GP-led transactions and co-investments on the secondary market. 
While past performance is not indicative of future results, Glendower Capital has a strong track record of success. As 
noted in the attached marketing materials, since its founding, the mature funds managed by Glendower have retumed a 
1.7x net multiple and a net IRR in excess of 20%. Including SOF III, which is a 2014 vintage fund, Glendower's overall 
program has returned a 1.5x net multiple and a 23% net IRR. Private equity investments such as the Fund are 
speculative and illiquid. Please see the offering memorandum for further information about the Fund and the risks 
associated with investing. 
C5 
?Amyx afIkt 
SA, >1.4:4 
VOur 
!Warr 
OV1I 
FORMAT TEXT 
IIEVIW 
MOSE POI 
10' haw-Alp' 
! F1: Impartincr 
Ce'd 
Ft" 
r 
,  • A, • 
zr•• 
457: 
"fra
stm. n...A.
Hh" .  
Ar: 
tir."" ‘  int" 
L44 444O4. 4ce
Sento 
vow* Cfteuvre 
Sam 44 
N•akt 
sew 
itatmtri.Itw000 
Znar. 
„it
ar 
0.114,041... 
Fliat 
trntOW 
Col* 4atoti 
tatra•bCommung van Illhinctly Unkind 
trIvnrir ^t^ovc..=“ 2916 MR: Aornyet for 0 terl 
egman LY.14^,anmt eetw. 4.10 X14 
;e,T la,nt r"-e 7 
From: Andrew King 
Sent: Friday, May 04, 2018 8:47 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Frank DeBenedittis < 
Subject: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
Stew, 
>; Nathaniel Morgan < 
>; William-M Finn 
Frank DeBenedittis (copied) will be covering for me while I'm on MTA. If you need anything ISG related while I'm out 
please connect with him. 
We've requested Glendower materials for the clients listed below. The team will forward the materials once available. 
Banker 
Client 
Oldfield 
Aspen-Credo 
(*Weird 
Bright 
Oldfield 
Dimensional 
Oldfield 
Dorrance 
Gleffietcl 
E-esteini-SeuthernanansialAvith-KCR 
Oldfield 
ivensateh 
Gielfis4c4 
For-rest-al 
igldfield 
Georgetown 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039528 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185712 
EFTA01354928

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354929.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354929.pdf
----------------------------------------
eldfield 
Ger-schel 
Oldfield 
Highlander 
GIcIfie44 
Wig 
Gisifietel 
tronsides 
Oldfield 
Nicholas 
°ld€ield 
Shamrock 
Oldfield 
Sterne 
Akifie 
Third-Lake 
Oldfield 
Tisch 
Glefietel 
Warren 
644fieki 
Ford 
Aldfield 
Pacific-Life 
Oldfield 
WitleN-viith-KCP 
Glefietet 
Annandale 
Once the materials are received, Frank can send an intro email. If you'd prefer to send it yourself, the team can provide 
pre-approved intro language. 
Best regards, 
Andrew King 
Andrew King, CFA 
Vice President I Investment Solutions Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Mana ement 
PO SSA trick Per CrYyri, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039529 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185713 
EFTA01354929

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354930.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Item 2: Material Changes 
This brochure amendment is made in connection with iCapital's annual updating requirement for 
2018 and serves as an update to Capital's brochure dated March 31, 2017. This brochure contains 
routine annual updates and clarifying changes to the prior brochure, an update to Item 5 relating to 
the collection of an investor servicing fee, an update to Item 8 relating to the scope of diligence 
conducted on certain Funds, and an update to Item 14 relating to iCapital's business relationship 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. In addition. in December 2017. Institutional Capital Network. 
Inc.. the parent company of iCapital. acquired the U.S. private equity access fund platform from the 
Asset Management division of Deutsche Bank. iCapital took over as the investment manager of 
these private equity access funds. 
Item 3: Table of Contents 
Item 2: Material Changes 
Item 3: Table of Contents 
Item 4: Advisory Business 
Item 5: Fees and Compensation 
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side Management 
Item 7: Types of Clients 
Item 8: Methods of Analysis. Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss 
Item 9: Disciplinary Information 
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations 
Item I I: Code of Ethics. Participation or Interest in Client Transactions and Personal Trading 
Item 12: Brokerage Practices 
Item I 3: Review of Accounts 
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other Compensation 
Item IS: Custody 
Item 16: Investment Discretion 
Item 17: Voting Client Securities 
Item IS: Financial Information 
Item 4: Advisory Business 
iCapital Advisors. LLC ("iCapital". "we", "us" or "the Firm"), is a Delaware limited liability 
company that has been in business since May. 2014. We are wholly-owned by Institutional 
Capital Network, Inc. (the "Company") and have our principal place of business in New 
York. NY. iCapital Securities. LLC ("iCapital Securities"), is a broker-dealer primarily 
engaged in the private placement of securities and is registered with the SEC and a member of 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. iCapital Securities serves as the Firm's private 
placement agent in respect of many Funds (as defined below) advised by iCapital and is also a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. For additional information on iCapital Securities, see 
Item 14 below. 
iCapital provides investment advisory services to each of iCapital Carlyle Property Investors 
Access Fund. LP.. iCapital-SV7: L.P., iCapital-SLP V Access Fund, LP., iCapital-MSD Private 
Credit Opportunity II Access Fund. L.P.. iCapital-BTAS IV Access Fund, LP.. BTAS IV Private 
Investors (U.S.), L.P., Invesco Venture Alpha Feeder Fund, L.P., Private Equity Select Master 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039531 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185715 
EFTA01354930

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354931.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354931.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
management fee up through the end of that calendar quarter. such Investor will generally 
receive a pro rata share of any management fee it prepaid for any quarter. based on the 
Investor's date of withdrawal, unless the applicable Fund documents provide otherwise. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing. iCapital in its sole and absolute discretion may elect to waive 
or otherwise reduce the management fee attributable to any Investor. 
Investor Servicing Fee: 
In addition to the management fee described above, iCapital may be entitled to receive an investor 
servicing fee from the Underlying Manager typically charged as a percentage of the Fund's aggregate 
capital contributions. Typically, the General Partner of the Underlying Fund is responsible for 
payment of the Investor Servicing Fee to iCapital. Investors should refer to the Fund's PPM for full 
disclosure relating to all the fees an investor might be subject to or received by iCapital. 
Payments to Underlying Managers: 
In addition to the management fee described above, the Private Access Funds are generally 
subject to their pro rata portion of any fees charged by the Underlying Funds. These fees 
typically include a management fee, which generally ranges from 1% - 2% on an annual basis. 
and in most cases an incentive compensation arrangement, which generally ranges from 10% -
20% of the capital appreciation in the Underlying Fund. In respect of the Underlying Funds that 
are private equity funds, such Private Access Funds are often subject to a preferred return and 
general partner catch-up. In addition, each Fund will indirectly bear its pro-rata share of 
organizational expenses and other operational expenses and costs and expenses payable by the 
Fund to the Underlying Fund. Furthermore, certain Underlying Funds will offset the amount of 
any management fees payable by a Private Access Fund (and its other limited partners or 
shareholders) by the amount of any transaction fees, break-up fees, commitment fees, 
underwriting fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, modification fees, monitoring fees, consulting 
fees, directors' fees, advisory fees, closing fees and other similar fees received and retained by 
the Underlying Fund Manager (or any of its affiliates) in respect of such Underlying Fund. 
Investors should refer to the Underlying Fund PPMs for full disclosure relating to all the fees a 
Private Access Fund would be subject to in connection with its investment in an Underlying 
Fund. 
Service Providers: 
In connection with its management activities, iCapital may engage various service providers. 
Service providers to each Fund may be compensated as a fund expense (as described below) 
or may be compensated out of iCapital's fee. iCapital has engaged Dynasty Securities, LLC 
("Dynasty") as a service provider for certain Funds. Dynasty may provide certain 
administrative, marketing and technical support services to iCapital and may receive fees 
typically ranging from 
.075% - .25% in relation to investors who are clients of Dynasty's network of financial advisory 
firms. Dynasty is an independent company, not affiliated with iCapital. There is no form of legal 
partnership. agency, affiliated or similar relationship between iCapital and Dynasty. 
Organizational Expenses: 
Each Fund will bear its own organizational and offering expenses. Such organizational and 
offering expenses generally include. but are not limited to. legal expenses, travel, accounting, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039534 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185718 
EFTA01354931

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354932.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354932.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
filing, capital-raising and other expenses incurred in connection with the formation of the Fund 
and the offering of the Interests (including costs associated with preparing and distributing 
offering memoranda). These expenses may be subject to a cap based on the terms set forth in 
each Fund's PPM. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM for further details. 
Fund Expenses: 
The Private Access Fund will generally pay the costs and expenses of the Private Access Fund. 
including without limitation: the management fee: organizational expenses: liquidation expenses 
of the Private Access Fund: any sales or other taxes, fees or government charges which may be 
assessed against the Private Access Fund: expenses and fees related to audits of the Private 
Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Private Access Fund's tax returns; 
costs of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to and other 
communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all governmental returns, reports and 
filings: any subsequent closing interest charged to the Private Access Fund in connection with 
its admission to an Underlying Fund: extraordinary one-time expenses of the Private Access 
Fund; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Private Access 
Fund, including indemnification expenses: commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges 
incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities: the costs and expenses 
(including travel related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise holding 
meetings or conferences with limited partners. whether individually or in a group: expenses 
attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial banking. accounting. 
appraisal. legal. administrative (including any fees and expenses of the administrator for the 
Private Access Fund related to the Private Access Fund or the General Partner). custodial and 
registration services provided to the Private Access Fund and any expenses attributable to 
consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or 
sale of securities by the Private Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is consummated); and 
premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Private Access Fund, the General 
Partner and any of their respective partners. members, stockholders, officers, directors. 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the Private Access Fund. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, limited partners will indirectly bear the cost of 
the Private Access Fund's pro rata share of management fees. carried interest, organizational 
expenses. taxes. indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the Private Access 
Fund as an investor in the Underlying Funds. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM and/or 
Underlying Fund PPM for further details. 
The Direct Investment Funds will bear all the ordinary and extraordinary expenses in 
connection with the offering of its interests and operations, including without limitation: the 
cost of producing and distributing offering memoranda and other marketing and subscription 
materials: printing and mailing costs: filing and regulatory fees and expenses (including any costs 
and expenses in connection with regulatory filings and reports required to be made by a 
Direct Investment Fund. the applicable general partner or the Firm relating to such Direct 
Investment Fund). pricing and valuation fees and expenses (including the costs and expenses of 
valuation agents): accounting. custodial, administrative, legal, audit, bookkeeping and tax 
preparation fees and expenses (including fees and expenses of any administrator or custodian): 
computer software, licensing, programming and operating expenses: investment research and 
research- related products and services: data processing costs; consultant fees: tax, litigation 
and extraordinary expenses. if any. including, without limitation, indemnification, dispute 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039535 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185719 
EFTA01354932

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354933.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354933.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
resolution. litigations and related legal fees and expenses: investment expenses whether 
relating to investments that are consummated or unconsummated (e.g., expenses which, in the 
determination of the applicable general partner. iCapital or any sub-adviser, if appropriate, are 
related to the investment of such Direct Investment Fund's assets, such as brokerage 
commissions. spreads. mark-ups on securities, interest expenses. custodial and sub-custodial 
transaction charges and any costs associated with collateral management): insurance expenses. 
bank charges. currency hedging costs: and other investment and operating expenses. Expenses 
borne by any such Direct Investment Fund for audit expenses. preparation of the Funds' tax 
returns and liquidation expenses of such Direct Investment Fund may be subject to a cap as set 
forth in the applicable Direct Investment Fund's PPM. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM 
for further details. 
iCapital will pay all overhead expenses. including its employees' salaries, rent. utilities. etc. 
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side Management 
iCapital may charge the Funds a performance-based fee or carried interest to its Investors. 
Performance-based compensation may create an incentive for iCapital to make more 
speculative investments than would otherwise be made or make decisions regarding the timing 
and manner of realization of investments differently than if such compensation were not 
received. In addition, a Private Access Fund will bear its pro rata share of management fees, 
performance fees, carried interest or other expenses charged by an Underlying Fund. Please 
refer to the iCapital and applicable Underlying Funds' PPM for further details and methods of 
calculating the fees charged to the applicable Private Access Fund. 
Item 7: Types of Clients 
The Clients of iCapital are the Funds. The Funds rely on an exemption from the definition of 
"investment company" under Section 3(c)(7) or Section 3(c)(I) of the Investment Company 
Act, which requires that its securities are to be held exclusively by "Qualified Purchasers" as 
defined in the Investment Company Act iCapital offers interests in the Funds pursuant to 
Regulation D and Regulation S under the 1933 Act. 
Investors in the Funds may include high net worth individuals and estate planning vehicles as 
well as a variety of institutional investors (e.g., employee benefit plans, endowments, 
foundations, corporations and other types of entities and other corporations or businesses) 
meeting the terms of the exceptions and exemptions under which the Funds operate and 
wishing to invest in accordance with a particular Fund's investment objective. 
iCapital does not have a minimum size for a Fund, but the minimum investment commitment in a 
Fund is generally $100,000 or $250,000 depending on the Fund, although iCapital has the authority 
to accept subscriptions for a lesser amount. 
iCapital may from time to time enter into letter agreements or other similar agreements 
(collectively, "Side Letters") with one or more investors or shareholders of a pooled investment 
vehicle which provide such investor or shareholder(s) with additional and/or different rights 
(including, without limitation, with respect to management fees, the performance allocations, 
withdrawals, access to information and additional capacity offered by the third-party managers, 
minimum investment amounts and liquidity terms) than such shareholder(s) or investors have 
pursuant to general terms of such pooled investment vehicle. iCapital will not be required to notify 
any or all of the other investors or shareholders of any such written agreements or any of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039536 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185720 
EFTA01354933

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354934.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will iCapital be required to offer such additional 
and/or different rights and/or terms to any or all of the other investors or shareholders. 
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss 
Underlying Fund Manager/Sub-Adviser Selection: 
The Private Access Funds' primary investment objective will be to allow investors to gain 
exposure to select fund managers at significantly lower investment minimums than would be 
required for a direct investment in any Underlying Fund. iCapital will accomplish this by 
leveraging our sourcing advantages and employing an ongoing "bottom-up" diligence approach. 
The Direct Investment Funds' investment objective is to provide its investors access to 
portfolio management by a variety of Sub-Advisers selected by iCapital. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Private Equity Funds): 
iCapital's due diligence team is focused on conducting investment, operations, and legal due 
diligence on the Private Access Fund offerings made available on iCapital's platform. iCapital's 
due diligence process comprises three stages. In the initial quantitative phase of evaluation, 
iCapital reviews the forward calendar of funds coming to market to develop market maps 
across the various private equity strategies (buyouts. growth capital. mezzanine. etc.) to 
identify funds likely to be appealing to iCapital's network. At this stage. iCapital also identifies 
fundraising schedules and targets and compares performance against benchmarks and against 
specific managers in the pipeline. 
Once iCapital has isolated funds coming to market in the ensuing 18 months. iCapital proceeds 
to the second phase of the due diligence process. During this phase. iCapital conducts a 
comprehensive evaluation of the manager's track record, a detailed benchmarking analysis. and 
a thorough review of the competitive landscape. iCapital has an initial meeting with the 
investment team and seeks to analyze the fund's investment strategy. review the quality and 
competency of the investment team, and understand the market outlook. Before meeting with 
a manager. iCapital's diligence team spends a significant amount of time evaluating data room 
materials provided by the manager. They prepare an agenda with a thorough list of questions. 
Also, during this phase of diligence. iCapital does a complete review of the fund's PPM. LPA. 
and ancillary marketing materials. Finally. iCapital makes reference calls to understand market 
positioning, team stability and depth. and market demand. 
iCapital's due diligence comprises both qualitative and quantitative components. The qualitative 
manager assessment generally includes a full-day onsite during which iCapital meets with the 
manager's investment. operational, and legal professionals. iCapital aims to cover many 
different topics during these meetings, including team depth and stability, investment strategy 
and marketing positioning. competitive landscape. discussion of poor investments and lessons 
learned. iCapital leverages these meetings, the review of the managers' due diligence 
questionnaire, and responses to any additional questions. to evaluate the fund relative to its 
peers with a focus on assessing the team in the context of its depth, diversity, and longevity. 
iCapital assesses the manager's compensation structure to ensure alignment of interest. 
iCapital conducts both on the list and off the list reference calls to contacts including 
executives at portfolio companies. peer firms, institutional LPs, former employees, and service 
providers such as bankers and lawyers. 
iCapital's quantitative analysis is focused on performing a comprehensive track record 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039537 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185721 
EFTA01354934

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354935.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354935.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
assessment. In this evaluation. iCapital looks at internal rate of return ("IRR"). multiple on 
invested capital ("MOIC"), distributions to paid-in ("DPI"), and residual value to paid-in capital 
(RVPI). iCapital looks at the dispersion of returns, benchmark performance. the loss ratio. 
partner attribution on individual deals, investment pacing. cumulative contributions, and other 
inputs. 
Finally. iCapital does a comprehensive review of the fund terms and ensures that the terms are 
in line with similar strategies and follow market standards. Upon completion of the review. 
iCapital prepares a detailed due diligence report outlining the findings with a summary of 
strengths and weaknesses. The due diligence report is presented to iCapital's Investment 
Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment Committee is required for 
any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Hedge Funds): 
The Hedge Fund Private Access Fund selection process encompasses five stages. 
In the first stage, iCapital investigates market opportunity and platform needs. iCapital seeks to 
identify strategies which are best suited for the current market environment In particular. 
iCapital endeavors to add managers that are able to take advantage of a unique opportunity 
that a market dislocation might present. From a platform needs perspective. iCapital seeks to 
maintain an offering of 2 to 3 managers within each of the key hedge fund strategy buckets. 
across a diverse mix of fund manager profiles. As part of this process, iCapital is continually 
examining the peers of existing funds to better understand the markets and strategies. 
At the second stage of the diligence process iCapital aims to identify managers to evaluate 
more closely. iCapital builds a peer group universe, leveraging iCapital's entire sourcing 
capability, to identify managers with strong performance track records, including looking at 
return, volatility and drawdowns. 
The third stage of the diligence process is designed for iCapital to conduct initial diligence on 
select managers. As part of the initial due diligence iCapital will hold a meeting or conference 
call, followed by in-person meetings at the manager's or iCapital's offices. In these meetings. 
iCapital seeks to understand the quality and stability of the investment team, the strength of 
the organization, the past drivers of the track record and the stability of the performance going 
forward. 
In the fourth stage. iCapital proceeds with a diligence deep dive. iCapital makes all investment 
and fund selection decisions but has engaged Castle Hall Alternatives Inc. ("Castle Hall") to 
assist in hedge fund due diligence. Castle Hall performs an independent evaluation of the 
manager from an investment and operational due diligence perspective. Castle Hall's diligence 
process usually takes four to six weeks to complete. 
In the last stage. if iCapital is comfortable with Castle Hall's due diligence findings, the manager 
will be presented to the iCapital Investment Committee. The due diligence report is presented 
to iCapital's Investment Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment 
Committee is required for any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
With respect to all of its diligence activities, while iCapital intends to conduct both investment 
and limited operational due diligence with respect to the Underlying Funds as part of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039538 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185722 
EFTA01354935

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354936.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354936.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
potential lack of diversification, higher fees than those offered through more traditional 
investment products (such as mutual funds), and lack of information regarding valuations and 
pricing. Each prospective investor will be required to complete a subscription agreement for 
any Fund in which it seeks to invest, pursuant to which the prospective investor shall establish 
that he/she is qualified for investment in the Fund, and acknowledges and accepts the various 
risk factors that are associated with such an investment 
The risks and conflicts of interest described in the Underlying Fund PPM with respect to the 
Underlying Fund and an investment therein apply generally to a Private Access Fund. 
Moreover, without limiting the application or generality of the foregoing. each Private Access 
Fund will be either (A) a newly formed entity or (B) an entity with a limited operating history 
(i) that will not be registered under the Investment Company Act. (ii) that will issue illiquid 
securities that are not registered under the Securities Act or any other laws. (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act. (iv) the Interests of which will be subject to restrictions on 
transfer. (v) which will not be permitted to make full or partial withdrawals from an Underlying 
Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Funds' governing agreement (except in very 
limited circumstances) and 
(vi) with respect to which, investors may lose the entire amount of their investment The 
returns of the Private Access Fund will depend almost entirely on the performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will 
be able to implement its investment objective and strategy. Certain ongoing operating 
expenses of the Private Access Fund, which will be in addition to those expenses borne by the 
Private Access Fund as an investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g.. carried interest, management 
fees, underlying fund expenses. organizational expenses and other expenses and liabilities 
borne by investors in the Underlying Fund), generally will be borne by the Private Access Fund 
and the Investors with a corresponding impact on the returns to the Investors. Such additional 
expenses of the Private Access Fund will reduce the Private Access Funds' performance 
relative to the Underlying Fund. 
Pending investment in the applicable Underlying Fund, the Private Access Fund may invest a 
portion of its assets in short term interest bearing accounts which would not meet the 
Underlying Funds' overall return objectives. An investor in the Private Access Fund will have 
only those rights provided for in the PPM. iCapital is not the General Partner or manager of 
the Underlying Fund. None of any Private Access Fund, iCapital or any of their affiliates will 
take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its management 
strategies and policies. Each Private Access Fund is subject to the risk of bad judgment. 
negligence, or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and its 
affiliates. There have been a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment 
vehicles investing in third-party funds have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor 
misconduct. The PPM will provide for indemnification of iCapital and its affiliates and certain 
other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the expense thereof) will be in 
addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund constituent documents. 
Investors in a Private Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the securities or other assets 
so received in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely tradable. 
With respect to any such securities or other assets distributed in-kind. the risk of loss and 
delay in liquidating these securities or assets will be borne by the Investors of the Private 
Access Fund, with the result that such Investors may receive less cash than reflected in the fair 
value of such securities as determined by iCapital pursuant to the offering documents. 
II 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039540 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185724 
EFTA01354936

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354937.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354937.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
received by it. In addition, a Private Access Fund may be required to pay to an Underlying Fund 
amounts that are required to be withheld by the Underlying Fund for tax purposes. A Private 
Access Fund may require Investors to return to the Private Access Fund all or part of any 
distribution by the Private Access Fund to the Investors in order to satisfy all or any portion of 
such Private Access Fund's indemnification and other obligations in respect of itself or the 
applicable Underlying Fund. Similarly. Investors may be required to repay or pay such amounts 
to a Private Access Fund if the Private Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Investors will be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Investor will be furnished information on a 
Schedule K- I for preparation of such Investor's individual U.S. federal income tax return. The 
furnishing of such information is subject to. among other things. the timely receipt by a Fund of 
information from the applicable Underlying Fund or Sub-Adviser. 
Tax Liabilities in Excess of Cash Distributions. Due to potential timing differences between income 
recognition for tax purposes and actual cash distributions by a Fund, an Investor may incur 
income tax liabilities in excess of actual cash distributions made prior to the date such liabilities 
arise or such taxes are due. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors may recognize UBTI from a Fund for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes and any such amounts of UBTI could be significant. 
Illiquidity of Private Access Fund Investments. Certain of the Private Access Funds' investment 
portfolios will primarily consist of investments in private equity funds. Prospective investors 
should be aware of the long-term nature of these types of investments. An investment by a 
Private Access Fund in a private equity fund is highly illiquid because the market for the sale of 
such investments is limited, and the transferability of such investments is also generally 
restricted. There are no assurances that a Private Access Fund will be able to liquidate a 
particular private equity fund interest at the time and upon the terms it desires. 
Economic and Market Risk Companies and securities in which a Fund will invest may be 
sensitive to general downward swings in the overall economy or in their specific industries or 
geographies. Factors affecting economic conditions, including. for example. inflation rates, 
currency 
devaluation, 
exchange rate fluctuations, industry 
conditions, competition, 
technological developments, domestic and worldwide political, military and diplomatic events 
and trends and innumerable other factors, none of which will be in the control of a Fund, can 
substantially and adversely affect the business and prospects of the Funds. A major recession 
or adverse developments in the securities market might have an impact on some or all of a 
Fund's investments. In addition, where a Fund is a private equity fund, factors specific to a 
portfolio company may have an adverse effect on the underlying private equity funds' 
investment in such company. iCapital may rely upon an Underlying Fund Manager's or Sub-
Adviser's projections concerning an underlying Fund's or a security's future performance in 
making investment decisions. Such projections are inherently subject to uncertainty and to 
certain factors beyond the control of such Fund and iCapital. 
Consequences of Default. In the event that a Private Access Fund that invests in an Underlying 
Fund that is a private equity fund fails to make a capital contribution to that Underlying Fund as 
a result of the failure of an Investor to make a capital contribution to the Private Access Fund, 
the Underlying Fund may impose certain remedies against the Private Access Fund, including 
without limitation, causing the Private Access Fund to forfeit all or a portion of its interest in 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039542 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185726 
EFTA01354937

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354938.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
such Underlying Fund. 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is subject to a default (the 
"Defaulted Amount"). iCapital may call additional capital from the Investors that have already 
made the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded Subscriptions). pro 
rata based on the ratio of such Investor's unpaid Subscription to the aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of all Investors, to the extent necessary to fund the Defaulted Amount. 
If an Investor fails to pay in full any requested capital contributions. iCapital may take certain 
actions which may result in a sale of such Investor's Interest or a forfeiture of all or a portion 
of such Investor's Interest Additionally, iCapital may pursue any available legal remedies, with 
the expenses of collection of the unpaid amount including attorneys' fees, to be paid by such 
defaulting Investor. A defaulting Investor will be responsible for interest charges and default 
charges imposed by an Underlying Fund that arise from or relate to such Investor's failure to 
pay requested capital contributions. 
Series Limited Partnership; Cross-Series Liabilities. Certain Funds have been established as a single 
series of a series limited partnership (each, a "Partnership"). The Delaware Act provides 
that if certain requirements of the Delaware Act are satisfied, the debts, liabilities and 
obligations relating to a particular series of a series limited partnership are enforceable only 
against the assets of that series and not against the assets of the limited partnership generally 
or the assets of any other series of the limited partnership. Because these provisions were 
enacted relatively recently. there is a dearth of case law interpreting those provisions. Further, 
a Partnership may operate or have assets held on its behalf or be subject to claims in other 
jurisdictions which may not necessarily recognize the legal segregation of a Fund and other 
series of the Partnership. Finally, other contractual arrangements entered into by a 
Partnership, a Fund or another series of the Partnership may have the effect of defeating the 
segregation protections of the Delaware Act Accordingly. the degree of separation that a 
Fund enjoys from the debts, liabilities and obligations of other series of a Partnership is not 
certain. Each Partnership intends that the assets of each series of that Partnership including the 
applicable Fund will be structured to comply with the Delaware Act and that such Fund will be 
operated with the assets of each 
series segregated on the books and records of such 
Partnership so that the assets of one series of the Partnership are not subject to the liabilities 
of any other series; however, there is no assurance that this structure and operation will be 
respected in all circumstances and in all jurisdictions. It is therefore possible that the assets 
attributable to one series may be insufficient to meet the debts, liabilities and obligations of 
such series and. consequently. that creditors of such series will seek recourse against the assets 
of a Fund. 
Reliance on the Sub-Adviser and its Personnel. Under the applicable sub-advisory agreement in 
respect of certain of the Funds, a Sub-Adviser has complete discretion in selecting portfolio 
investments on behalf of that Fund. The success of a Fund depends, to a great extent on a 
Sub- Adviser's ability to identify favorable investment opportunities and to effectively allocate 
the assets of the Fund among such opportunities. Accordingly. a Direct Investment Fund's 
success will depend substantially on the skill and acumen of key employees of that Sub-Adviser. 
If a Sub- Adviser or any Sub-Adviser's key employees should cease to participate in that Fund's 
business, the Fund's ability to select attractive investments and manage its portfolio could be 
impaired. In addition, to the extent a sub-advisory agreement is terminated for any reason, 
either by the applicable Sub-Adviser or the applicable general partner. there is no assurance 
that any replacement sub-adviser engaged by the general partner will have equivalent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039543 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185727 
EFTA01354938

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354939.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354939.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
experience, skill or resources as the existing Sub-Adviser. 
General Economic and Market Conditions and Issuer Risk. Any investment in securities carries 
certain market risks. In addition to the factors discussed in the applicable Fund's PPM, 
investments by a Fund may decline in value for any number of reasons over which the Fund 
may have no control, including changes in the overall market for equity or equity-like securities 
and other general economic and market conditions, such as interest rates, availability of credit, 
inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, currency exchange rates and controls 
and national and international political circumstances (including wars and security operations). 
The value of a Fund may also decline as a result of factors pertaining to particular portfolio 
securities held by such Fund, such as perception or changes in the issuer's management, the 
market for the issuer's products or services, sources of supply. technological changes within 
the issuer's industry, the availability of additional capital and labor, general economic 
conditions, political conditions, and other similar conditions. All of these factors may affect the 
level and volatility of security prices and the liquidity and the value of the securities held by a 
Fund. Unexpected volatility or illiquidity could impair a Fund's profitability or result in it 
suffering losses. 
Equity Securities Risks. Equity securities represent an ownership interest, or the right to acquire 
an ownership interest, in an issuer. Equity securities also include, among other things, 
preferred stocks, securities issued by investment companies including ETFs. interests in REITs. 
convertible 
stocks, equity interests in trusts, partnerships. joint ventures. limited liability companies and 
similar enterprises, warrants. and stock purchase rights. The values of equity securities, such as 
common stocks and preferred stocks. may decline due to general market conditions that are 
not related to a specific company. such as: real or perceived adverse economic conditions: 
changes in the general outlook for corporate earnings: and changes in interest or currency 
rates or ad verse investor sentiment generally. The value of equity securities may also decline 
due to factors that affect a particular industry or industries, such as workforce shortages or 
increased production costs and competitive conditions within an industry. 
Investments in Non-U.S. Issuers. Certain Funds invest in equity and equity related securities of 
foreign issuers, depository receipts and other securities or instruments that represent an 
indirect interest in securities of foreign issuers, collective vehicles that invest in foreign 
securities and other securities, derivatives or instruments whose performance is linked to the 
performance of foreign securities or baskets of foreign securities. Investments in foreign 
securities are affected by risk factors generally not thought to be present in the United States. 
These risks may be increased to the extent that a Fund invests in issuers in emerging markets. 
Such factors include, but are not limited to. the following: varying custody, brokerage and 
settlement practices; difficulty in valuation and pricing; less public information about issuers of 
foreign securities; less governmental regulation and supervision over the issuance and trading 
of securities; the unavailability of financial information regarding the foreign issuer or the 
difficulty of interpreting financial information prepared under foreign accounting standards; less 
liquidity and more volatility in foreign security markets; the possibility of expropriation or 
nationalization; the imposition of withholding and other taxes: adverse political, social or 
diplomatic developments: limitations on the movement of funds or other assets of a Fund 
between different countries; difficulties in invoking the legal process outside of the U.S. and 
enforcing contractual obligations; and the difficulty of assessing economic trends in foreign 
countries. Moreover, governmental issuers of foreign securities or other instruments may be 
unwilling to repay principal and interest due and may require that the conditions for payment 
be renegotiated. Investment in foreign countries also involves higher brokerage and custodian 
IS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039544 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185728 
EFTA01354939

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354940.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354940.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
They generally are determined by the forces of supply and demand in the foreign exchange 
markets and the relative merits of investments in different countries, changes in interest rates 
and other factors. Currency exchange rates can also be affected by intervention, or the failure 
to intervene, by U.S. and foreign governments or central banks, or by currency controls or 
political developments in the United States and abroad. The exchange rate between the 
currencies of various emerging market countries and the U.S. dollar has changed substantially 
in the last two decades and may fluctuate substantially in the future. 
Credit Risk. An issuer or counterparty may fail to pay its obligations to a Fund when they are 
due. Financial strength and solvency (or the perceived financial strength or solvency) of an 
issuer are the primary factors influencing credit risk. Changes in the financial condition of an 
issuer or counterparty, changes in specific economic, social or political conditions that affect a 
particular type of security or other instrument or an issuer, and changes in economic, social or 
political conditions generally can increase the risk of default by an issuer or counterparty, 
which can affect a security's or other instrument's credit quality or value and an issuer's or 
counterparty's ability to pay interest and principal when due. The values of lower quality debt, 
including loans, tend to be particularly sensitive to these changes. The values of investments 
also may decline for a number of other reasons that relate directly to the issuer, such as 
management performance, financial leverage and reduced demand for the issuer's goods and 
services, as well as the historical and prospective earnings of the issuer and the value of its 
assets. In addition, lack or inadequacy of collateral or credit enhancements for a debt obligation 
may affect its credit risk. Credit risk of an investment may change over time, and securities or 
other instruments that are rated by ratings agencies may be subject to downgrade. Ratings are 
only opinions of the agencies issuing them as to the likelihood of payment. They are not 
guarantees as to quality and they do not reflect market risk. If an issuer or counterparty fails to 
pay interest, a Fund's income might be reduced and the value of the investment might fall, and 
if an issuer or counterparty fails to pay principal, the value of the investment might fall and the 
Direct Investment Fund could lose the amount of its investment. 
Concentration. Certain Funds' portfolios are expected to be concentrated from time to time 
and/or have investments focused in particular countries, regions. sectors, companies or 
industries with high positive correlations to one another and the effect of this, together with 
its long-term approach to investment, could result in large movements in the portfolio value. A 
concentrated portfolio increases the importance of the selection of each stock, industry and/or 
country as a determinant of investment performance and also increases the volatility of a Fund. 
In addition, companies in an industry, country or region in which a Fund concentrates may fall 
out of favor with investors, causing the Fund to lose money or underperform the stock market 
or funds concentrated in other industries, countries or regions. Accordingly, to the extent the 
portfolio does concentrate in any of these ways. the overall adverse impact on a Fund of 
adverse developments in the business of such issuer, such industry or the government or 
affairs of such countries or regions. could be considerably greater than if it did not concentrate 
its investments to such an extent Although the investment guidelines of a Fund are intended 
to help mitigate these risks of portfolio concentration, there is no assurance such guidelines 
will be effective in limiting the adverse effects. 
Settlement Risk. Settlement and clearance procedures in certain foreign markets differ 
significantly from those in the U.S. Foreign settlement and clearance procedures and trade 
regulations also may involve certain risks (such as delays in payment for or delivery of 
securities) not typically associated with the settlement of U.S. investments. At times, 
settlements in certain foreign countries have not kept pace with the number of securities 
transactions. These problems may make it difficult for the Fund to carry out transactions. If a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039546 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185730 
EFTA01354940

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354941.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354941.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a purchase of securities, it may miss attractive 
investment opportunities and certain of its assets may be uninvested with no return earned 
thereon for some period. If a Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a sale of securities, it 
may lose money if the value of the security then declines or. if it has contracted to sell the 
security to another party. the Fund could be liable for any losses incurred. 
Small or Medium-Sized Companies. Investing in the securities of small or medium-sized 
companies can involve greater risk and the possibility of greater portfolio price volatility than is 
typically associated with equity investments in larger, more established issuers. Historically, 
stocks of small or medium-sized companies and recently organized companies have been more 
volatile in price than those of larger companies. Among the reasons for greater price volatility 
of the stocks of these smaller companies is the lower degree of liquidity in the markets for such 
stocks. Further, smaller companies and unseasoned companies may have limited product lines. 
markets or financial resources, and they may depend upon a limited or less experienced 
management group. The securities of smaller companies may be traded only on the over-the-
counter markets or on a regional securities exchange and may not be traded daily or in the 
volume typical of trading on a larger, more established securities exchange or trading platform. 
Liquidity of Investments. Certain Funds' portfolios will include securities that are not actively or 
widely traded (including without limitation securities issued by certain small or medium-sized 
companies), are not registered under the applicable securities laws or are contractually or 
otherwise restricted from resale. Such investments may be or may become illiquid (including 
as a result of size of a Fund's investment relative to the security's average daily trading volume) 
and involve a high degree of business and financial risk which can result in substantial losses. 
Because of the absence of active or regulated trading markets for these illiquid investments. 
and because of the difficulties in determining market values accurately. it may take a Fund 
longer to be able to liquidate these positions (if they can be liquidated) than would be the case 
for more liquid securities. The prices realized on the resale of illiquid securities could be less 
than those originally paid by a Fund. Further. companies whose securities are not publicly listed 
may not be subject to public disclosure and other investor protection requirements applicable 
to issuers of publicly traded securities. 
Convertible Securities Risk. Convertible securities include corporate bonds, notes, preferred 
stocks or debt-securities of issuers that can be converted into (that is, exchanged for) 
common stocks or other equity securities at a stated price or rate. Convertible securities also 
include other securities, such as warrants, that provide an opportunity for equity participation. 
Because convertible securities can be converted into equity securities. their value will normally 
vary in some proportion with those of the underlying equity securities. Due to the conversion 
feature, convertible securities generally yield less than non-convertible fixed income securities 
of similar credit quality and maturity. A Fund's investment in convertible securities may at 
times include securities that have a mandatory conversion feature, pursuant to which the 
securities convert automatically into common stock at a specified date and conversion ratio, or 
that are convertible at the option of the issuer. When conversion is not at the option of the 
holder. a Fund may be required to convert the security into the underlying common stock 
even at times when the value of the underlying common stock has declined substantially. 
Participation Certificates Risks. The price. performance, liquidity and value of a participation 
certificate are all linked directly to the underlying security, so that investing in a participation 
certificate subjects a Fund to the risks associated with an investment in the underlying equity 
security. Investing in a participation certificate also exposes a Fund to counterparty risk, which 
is the risk that the bank or broker-dealer that issues the certificate will not fulfill its contractual 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039547 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185731 
EFTA01354941

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354942.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354942.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
obligation to timely pay the Fund the amount owed under the certificate. 
Cash Position Risk A Fund may hold any portion of its assets in cash or cash equivalents at any 
time or for an extended time. The applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-Adviser will 
determine the amount of such Fund's assets to be held in cash or cash equivalents at its sole 
discretion, based on such factors as it may consider appropriate from time to time. To the 
extent that a Fund holds assets in cash or cash equivalents and is otherwise uninvested, the 
ability of the Fund to meet its investment objective may be limited. 
Leverage. A Fund may utilize leverage in pursuing its investment strategy. Leveraging a Fund 
creates an opportunity for increased net income or capital appreciation but, at the same time. 
creates special risk considerations. Leveraging will generally exaggerate the effect on the value 
of a Fund's assets of any increase or decrease in the market value of the Fund's investments. 
Although the principal of borrowings underlying any leverage will be fixed, a Fund's assets may 
change in value during the time the borrowing is outstanding. Because any decline in value of a 
Fund's investments will be borne entirely by the Fund (and thus by investors in the Fund) and 
not by those persons providing the leverage to the Fund. the effect of leverage in a declining 
market would be a greater decrease in the value of the Fund's portfolio investments than if the 
Fund were not so leveraged. Leveraging will create interest expenses for a Fund, which can 
exceed the investment return from the borrowed funds. To the extent the investment return 
derived from securities purchased with borrowed funds exceeds the interest a Fund will have 
to pay. the Fund's investment return will be greater than if leverage were not used. 
Conversely, if the investment return from the assets acquired with borrowed funds is not 
sufficient to cover the cost of leverage. the investment return of a Fund will be less than if 
leverage were not used. Additionally, a Fund must maintain sufficient liquid assets. marked-to-
market daily. to cover its leveraged transactions. This will limit a Fund's investment flexibility. 
as well as its ability to meet current obligations. 
Leverage may include borrowing and also the use of margin. Other borrowings take the form 
of. or are embedded in. margined option premiums. repurchase agreements. bank or dealer 
credit lines or the notional principal amounts of swap transactions. There can be no assurance 
that a Fund will be able to maintain adequate financing arrangements under all market 
circumstances. 
As a general matter, the banks and dealers that provide financing to a Fund can apply 
discretionary margin, haircut. financing and valuation policies. or impose other credit 
limitations or restrictions. whether due to market circumstances or government regulation or 
judicial action. Such application or losses may result in large margin calls, loss of financing. 
forced liquidations of positions at disadvantageous prices, termination of swap and repurchase 
agreements and cross-defaults to agreements with other dealers. Any such adverse effects may 
be exacerbated in the event that such limitations or restrictions are imposed suddenly and/or 
by multiple market participants simultaneously. The imposition of any such limitations or 
restrictions could compel a Fund to liquidate all or part of its portfolio at disadvantageous 
prices. perhaps leading to a loss of the Fund's equity. 
Derivatives Risk A derivative is a financial contract whose value depends on changes in the value 
of one or more underlying assets, reference rates or indexes. These instruments include. 
among others, participation certificates, credit default swaps. currency forward contracts. 
currency swap contracts and other swap agreements and similar instruments. A Fund's use of 
derivatives may involve risks different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing 
in more traditional investments, such as stocks and bonds. Derivatives can be highly complex 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039548 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185732 
EFTA01354942

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354943.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354943.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
and may perform in ways unanticipated by a Fund's Sub-Adviser or an Underlying Fund 
Manager. In addition to the risks of an adverse change in the value of the underlying reference 
asset. a Fund's use of derivatives involves the risk that the other party to the derivative 
contract will fail to make required payments or otherwise to comply with the terms of the 
contract. Derivatives transactions can create investment leverage and may be highly volatile. 
and a Fund could lose more than the amount it invests. Derivatives may be difficult to value 
and highly illiquid. and a Fund may not be able to close out or sell a derivative position at a 
particular time or at an anticipated price. 
Warrants and Stock Purchase Rights. A Fund may participate in rights offerings and may purchase 
warrants, which are privileges issued by corporations enabling the owners to subscribe to and 
purchase a specified number of shares of the corporation at a specified price during a specified 
period of time. Subscription rights normally have a short life span to expiration. The purchase 
of rights or warrants involves the risk that a fund could lose the purchase value of a right or 
warrant if the right to subscribe to additional shares is not exercised prior to the rights' and 
warrants' expiration. Also, the purchase of rights and/or warrants involves the risk that the 
effective price paid for the right and/or warrant added to the subscription price of the related 
security may exceed the value of the subscribed security's market price such as when there is 
no movement in the level of the underlying security. Buying a warrant does not make the fund 
a shareholder of the underlying stock. The warrant holder has no voting or dividend rights 
with respect to the underlying stock. A warrant does not carry any right to assets of the 
issuer, and for this reason, investment in warrants may be more speculative than other equity-
based investments. Transactions in off-exchange warrants may involve greater risk than dealing 
in exchange traded warrants because there is no exchange market through which to liquidate 
your position, or to assess the value of the warrant or the exposure to risk. Bid and offer 
prices need not be quoted when dealing with off-exchange warrants, and even where they are, 
they will be established by dealers in these instruments and consequently it may be difficult to 
establish what is a fair price. 
Debt Securities Risks. The value of a debt security changes in response to various factors, 
including, for example, market-related factors, such as changes in interest rates or changes in 
the actual or perceived ability of an issuer to meet its obligations. A Fund may invest in debt 
securities without considering the maturity of the instrument. In general, the value of a debt 
security may fall in response to increases in interest rates. The value of a security with a longer 
duration will be more sensitive to changes in interest rates than a similar security with a 
shorter duration. As a result, changes in interest rates in the U.S. and outside the U.S. may 
affect a Fund's debt investments unfavorably. 
Debt securities in which a Fund invests may be rated below investment grade, or unrated 
securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser or the Underlying Fund Manager to be of 
comparable quality, are high yield, high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk bonds." These 
bonds are predominantly speculative. They are usually issued by companies without long track 
records of sales and earnings, or by companies with questionable credit strength. These bonds 
have a higher degree of default risk. may be less liquid and may be subject to greater price 
volatility than higher-rated bonds 
High Yield Securities Hunk Bond) Risk Fixed income instruments rated below investment grade, 
or unrated securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser to be of comparable quality, are 
high yield. high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk bonds." These bonds are predominantly 
speculative. They are usually issued by companies without long track records of sales and 
earnings, or by companies with questionable credit strength. These bonds have a higher degree 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039549 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185733 
EFTA01354943

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354944.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354944.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
of default risk and may be less liquid than higher-rated bonds. These securities may be subject 
to greater price volatility due to such factors as specific corporate developments, interest rate 
sensitivity, negative perceptions of junk bonds generally. and less secondary market liquidity. 
This potential lack of liquidity may make it more difficult for a Fund to accurately value these 
securities. In the event that a Fund disposes of a portfolio security after it is downgraded. the 
Fund may experience a greater loss than if such security had been sold prior to the downgrade. 
Interest Rate Risk. The values of debt instruments held by a Fund may fall in response to 
increases in interest rates. In general, the values of debt securities fall in response to increases 
in interest rates, and rise in response to decreases in interest rates. The value of a security 
with a longer duration will be more sensitive to increases in interest rates than a similar 
security with a shorter duration. Duration is a measure of the expected life of a bond that is 
used to determine the sensitivity of a security's price to changes in interest rates. For 
example, the price of a bond fund with an average duration of three years generally would be 
expected to fall approximately 3% if interest rates rose by one percentage point. Inverse 
floaters, interest-only and principal-only securities are especially sensitive to interest rate 
changes, which can affect not only their prices but can also change the income flows and 
repayment assumptions for those investments. Adjustable rate instruments also react to 
interest rate changes in a similar manner, although generally to a lesser degree (depending, 
however, on the characteristics of the reset terms, including the index chosen, frequency of 
reset and reset caps or floors, among other things). Given the current historically low 
interest rate environment, risks associated with rising rates are heightened. 
If interest rates rise, repayments of principal on certain debt securities. including loans, may 
occur at a slower rate than expected and the expected length of repayment of those securities 
could increase as a result (i.e.. extension risk). Securities that are subject to extension risk 
generally have a greater potential for loss when prevailing interest rates rise, which could cause 
their values to fall sharply. Prepayment risk results from borrowers paying debt securities prior 
to their maturity date. When a prepayment happens. all or a portion of the obligation will be 
prepaid. A borrower is more likely to prepay an obligation which bears a relatively high rate of 
interest. This means that in times of declining interest rates. a portion of a Fund's higher 
yielding securities are likely to be pre-paid and the Fund will probably be unable to reinvest 
those proceeds in an investment with as high a yield. A decline in income received by a Fund 
from its investments is likely to have a negative effect on the yield and total return of the 
Fund's shares. 
Swaps. Investments in swaps involve the exchange by a Fund with another party of all or a 
portion of their respective interests or commitments. In the case of currency swaps. a Fund 
may exchange with another party their respective commitments to pay or receive currency. 
Use of swaps subjects a Fund to risk of default by the counterparty. If there is a default by the 
counterpart), to such a transaction, a Fund will have contractual remedies pursuant to the 
agreements related to the transaction. There are currently a large number of banks and 
investments banking firms acting both as principals and agents and utilizing standardized swap 
documentation. As a result, swap markets are generally relatively liquid in comparison with the 
market for other similar instruments that are traded in the interbank market. In times of 
market turmoil, however, spreads can widen substantially and these markets can become very 
illiquid with the result that positions may not be able to be offset or closed out at a reasonable 
price, if at all. 
A Fund may also enter into currency. interest rate, total return or other swaps that may be 
surrogates for other instruments such as currency forwards and interest rate options. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039550 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185734 
EFTA01354944

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354945.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Generally, the value of such instruments depends upon price movements in the underlying 
assets as well as counterpart), risk. 
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs). A Fund may invest in shares of REITs. which are pooled 
investment vehicles that invest in real estate or real estate loans or interests. Investing in REITs 
involves risks similar to those associated with investing in equity securities of small 
capitalization companies. REITs are dependent upon management skills. are not diversified. and 
are subject to risks of project financing, default by borrowers. self-liquidation, and the 
possibilities of failing to qualify for the exemption from taxation on distributed amounts under 
the Code. 
Cybersecurity Risk. Where a Fund is a private equity fund, a cyber-attack on a portfolio company 
may have a negative effect on the underlying private equity fund. To the extent that a portfolio 
company is subject to cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is gained to a portfolio 
company's systems. such portfolio company may be subject to substantial losses. In certain 
events, a portfolio company's failure or deemed failure to address and mitigate cybersecurity 
risks may be the subject of civil litigation or regulatory or other action. Any such 
circumstances could subject a portfolio company, or the relevant Fund, to substantial losses. In 
addition, in the event that such a cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is directed at 
iCapital or one of its service providers holding its financial or investor data. iCapital, its 
affiliates or the Funds may also be at risk of loss, despite efforts to prevent and mitigate such 
risks under iCapital's policies. 
Please refer to the applicable Fund's or Underlying Fund's PPM for further details. 
Item 9: Disciplinary Information 
iCapital does not believe that there have been any legal or disciplinary events that are material 
to our advisory business or the integrity of our management 
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations 
iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities") 
Affiliated Broker-Dealer. Institutional Capital Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital, is 
the sole member of iCapital Securities. iCapital Securities is a broker-dealer registered with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). and a member of the Financial Industry 
Regulatory Authority, Inc. ("FINRA"). iCapital Securities is also registered as a limited purpose 
broker-dealer with those state securities authorities where it services clients and is not 
otherwise exempt from such registration. iCapital Securities acts as a broker-dealer in respect 
of each of iCapital's private placements. (See Item 14 below for additional information). See 
"Conflicts of Interest" in Item I I below for a description of how the Adviser addresses any 
conflicts of interest created by iCapital's relationship with iCapital Securities. 
Gen II Fund Services, LLC and Gen II Hedge Fund Services ("Gen II") 
Fund Administrator. Certain Principals of Gen II are minority owners of Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital. Gen II provides fund administration services to 
the Private Access Funds. In this capacity. Gen II provides iCapital accounting and investor 
reporting. capital call and distribution processing and investor support services. 
This 
relationship may create an incentive to select Gen II to provide services in respect of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039551 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185735 
EFTA01354945

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354946.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Funds. The Gen II relationship will be managed by several iCapital executives. 
BNY Capital Corporation ("BNY") 
BNY holds a minority ownership interest in Institutional Capital Network, Inc., the parent 
company of iCapital. Certain of the Funds hold cash in accounts at BNY and utilize BNY 
administrative services. This relationship may create an incentive to select BNY to provide 
services in respect of the Funds. 
iCapital Investors 
A number of asset managers have invested in Institutional Capital Network, Inc.. the parent 
company of iCapital, including affiliates of BlackRock, Inc. ("BlackRock") and Credit Suisse 
Group AG ("Credit Suisse"). iCapital may offer products managed or sponsored by such 
investors as BlackRock and Credit Suisse or its affiliates and these relationships may create an 
incentive to select BlackRock or Credit Suisse products as the underlying fund in an iCapital 
Private Access Fund. 
In addition. select financial services companies. including affiliates of Morgan Stanley Smith 
Barney ("Morgan Stanley") and UBS Financial Services ("UBS") have made equity investments 
in Institutional Capital Network. Inc. iCapital may offer Private Access Funds to clients of 
Morgan Stanley and UBS and such investment in iCapital's parent may create an additional 
incentive for Morgan Stanley and UBS to direct its investments to an iCapital Private Access 
Fund. 
Finally, iCapital has and may continue to engage with certain of its equity investors to provide 
services to the Funds. including administration or other services. iCapital will manage these 
conflicts by identifying them in the applicable Fund offering documents and if applicable, by 
maintaining its independent diligence process and procedures, regardless of the identity of the 
underlying manager, and by negotiating on an arms-length basis the terms of any service 
providers to the Funds, including any equity investors in iCapital. 
Item I I: Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions and 
Personal Trading 
Code of Ethics Pursuant to Rule 204A-I of the Advisers Act 
Pursuant to Rule 204A- I of the Advisers Act, iCapital has adopted a Code of Ethics that 
establishes various procedures with respect to investment transactions in accounts in which 
employees of iCapital or related persons have a beneficial interest or accounts over which an 
employee has investment discretion. 
iCapital's Code of Ethics was adopted to avoid possible conflicts of interest and ensure the 
propriety of our employees' and principals' trading activity. iCapital's Code of Ethics prohibits 
insider trading and provides instructions to employees when coming into possession of 
material nonpublic information. 
The foundation of the Code of Ethics is based on the underlying principles that: 
- 
Employees must at all times place the interests of the client first: 
- 
Employees must make sure that all personal securities transactions are conducted 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039552 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185736 
EFTA01354946

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354947.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Investor's non-public, personal information. Upon request, iCapital will provide a copy of our 
written privacy policies and procedures. 
Item 12: Brokerage Practices 
With respect to the Private Access Funds. iCapital generally will not make investments in 
securities listed on national exchanges. However, there may be limited situations where we are 
allocated a listed security and need to place trade(s) through a broker. In such circumstances, 
we will seek "best execution" in light of the circumstances involved in the transaction. In 
selecting a broker for any transaction, we may consider a number of factors, including, for 
example, broker's reputation, net price or spread. reputation. financial strength and stability. 
market access, efficiency of execution and error resolution, and the size of the transaction. In 
seeking to achieve best execution, iCapital will not be obligated to obtain the lowest 
commission or best net price for a Private Access Fund in respect of any particular transaction. 
Further, in respect of each Direct Access Fund, iCapital has selected a Sub-Adviser that had 
been delegated trading authority on behalf of the applicable Direct Access Fund. In selecting 
brokers to effect portfolio transactions for a Direct Access Fund, the applicable Sub-Adviser 
will not be obligated to seek the lowest available transaction cost, but may take into account 
such factors as the Sub-Adviser considers appropriate and consistent with its obligation to 
seek best execution as outlined in the Sub-Adviser's order execution policy, including, without 
limitation, the financial stability and reputation of the brokerage firm and its research, and 
brokerage services as a broker-dealer. A Sub-Adviser may use "soft dollar" credits generated 
by a Direct Access Fund's securities transactions with broker-dealers to pay for research and 
execution products or services that fall within the safe harbor created by Section 28(e) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. See the applicable PPM for additional details regarding a Sub-
Adviser's brokerage policies. 
Item 13: Review of Accounts 
The Funds' performance and the performance of the Underlying Funds, as applicable, and the 
Underlying Funds' conformity with the investment objectives and guidelines are reviewed on a 
periodic basis by iCapital's Manager Due Diligence and Origination team. 
Investors in Funds structured as private equity funds will generally receive quarterly statements 
detailing their account information including the account's beginning and ending equity. and the 
account's performance for that period. Investors in Funds structured as hedge funds will 
generally receive monthly statements detailing the Fund's NAV. We may provide certain 
Investors in the Fund access to more frequent and detailed information as determined by 
iCapital. Additionally, each investor will receive the particular Funds' audited financial 
statements for which they are invested, within I80 days of such Funds' fiscal year end. 
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other Compensation 
iCapital Securities. LLC. an affiliate of iCapital, acts as the broker-dealer for private placement 
of interests of the Funds. iCapital Advisors does not receive any placement fees. Any 
placement fees generated from an investment by a Private Access Fund in an Underlying Fund 
will be paid to iCapital Securities by an Underlying Fund Manager (or its affiliates). From time 
to time, third- party broker-dealers may assist iCapital in the private placement of interests of 
the Funds. Any such third party is required to provide prospective clients with a current copy 
of iCapital's Part 2A of Form ADV. Typically, such third-party broker-dealer referring the 
investor will receive a percentage of the placement fee generated with respect to such 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039555 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185739 
EFTA01354947

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354948.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL.DUS 
Pacific Lite Insurance Co 
FORM ADV PART 2B: Brochure Supplement 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
East 42"d Street, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
646-214-7400 
March 30, 2018 
This Brochure Supplement provides information about Eileen Duff Blalock, Phil Pool, John Robertshaw, 
Daniel Vene and Nicholas Veronis that supplements the iCapital Advisors, LLC's Form ADV Brochure. 
Please contact Michael Stanton, iCapital Advisors, LLC's Chief Compliance Officer, at 1-646-214-7283 
or by email at mstantoneicapitalnetwork.com if you did not receive iCapital Advisors, LLC's Brochure 
or if you have any questions about the contents of this supplement. 
Additional information about iCapital Advisors, LLC is available on the SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039558 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185742 
EFTA01354948

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354949.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 28 
John C. Robertshaw 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Robertshaw is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Robertshaw is a Co-
Founder and Special Advisor to iCapital Network. Until 2016. he served as a Vice Chairman of Credit 
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. He served as Co-Head of the Private Fund Group at Credit Suisse from 
2004 through 2013, during which time the Private Fund Group represented more than 170 funds raising 
in excess of $250 billion. He also served as a member of the Asset Management Operating Committee 
as well as the Alternative Investments Operating Committee at Credit Suisse. Mr. Robertshaw joined 
Credit Suisse in November 2000. when the Bank merged with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. where he 
was a Managing Director in the Private Fund Group. Mr. Robertshaw joined DLJ in September 1995 
from Salomon Brothers, where he was in charge of Private Equity Placements. He spent seven years 
with Salomon, the last five as a private placement specialist. Mr. Robertshaw received a B.A in English 
Literature from Yale University. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Robertshaw has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be 
disclosed in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Robertshaw is a Special Advisor to iCapital Network and iCapital Securities. LLC. In order to 
minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO. supervises Mr. Robertshaw for compliance purposes. Mr. 
Stanton's contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039561 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00185745 
EFTA01354949

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354950.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354950.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI26 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
6.3.2 
Default 
6.3.3 
Bifurcated Default. 
6.3.4 
Assignment of Partner Contributions. 
ARTICLE 7 - DISTRIBUTIONS... 
—.21 
7.1 
Amount. Timing and Form 
7.1.1 
General. 
7.1.2 
Distribution of Proceeds of Investments 
7.2 
Discretionary Distributions.  
7.2.1 
General. 
7.2.2 
Operational Rules 
7.3 
Special Distributions. 
7.4 
Payment of Taxes 
7.4.1 
General. 
7.4.2 
Tax Liability 
7.4.3 
Partnership Obligation 
7.5 
Certain Distributions Prohibited 
ARTICLE 8 - CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS 
8.1 
Capital Accounts. 
8.1.1 
Creation and Maintenance 
8.1.2 
Timing of Allocations.  
8.1.3 
Compliance with Treasury Regulations 
8.2 
Allocations of Net Gain or Loss. 
8.2.1 
Net Gain and Net Loss. Generally 
8.2.2 
Special Allocations of Items of Loss or Deduction 
8.2.3 
Allocations Following a Default 
8.3 
Other Specially Allocated Items 
8.4 
Admission of Additional Partners. 
ARTICLE 9- DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
9.1 
Term of Partnership 
9.2 
Dissolution Upon Withdrawal of General Panner 
9.3 
Dissolution by the General Partner 
ARTICLE 10 - LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION 
10.1 
General.  
10.2 
Liquidating Distributions 
10.3 
Expenses of Liquidator 
10.4 
Duration of Liquidation. 
10.5 
Liability for Returns 
10.5.1 General. 
10.5.2 Limited Partner Obligations. 
ARTICLE 11- LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
11.1 
Transfers of Limited Partnership Interests.  
11.1.1 General. 
11.1.2 Consent of General Partner.  
11.1.3 No Public Trading in Partnership Interests 
11.1.4 No Recognition of Certain Transfers 
11.1.5 Required Representations by Parties. 
11.1.6 Other Prohibited Legal Consequences.  
11.1.7 Opinion of Counsel.  
11.1.8 Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses. 
11.2 
Admission of Substituted Limited Partners 
11.2.1 General.  
rilendrmer Access Sceondar,.. Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
.Amaided and Rattled Limited Partnership Agreanian 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039588 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185750 
EFTA01354950

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354951.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354951.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
AMENDED ANT) RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSI-M, AGREEMENT, dated as of April 11, 2018 (this 
"Agreement"), by and among Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC, as the sole 
general partner (the "General Partner"), and those firms, corporations and other Persons listed on the List 
of Partners as limited partners who execute a counterpart of this Agreement (the "Limited Partners"). The 
General Partner and the Limited Partners are sometimes referred to herein collectively as the "Partners." 
WHEREAS, by an agreement dated January 8*, 2018 and made by and between the General 
Partner and the Initial Limited Partner (the "Initial Agreement"), the General Partner and the Initial 
Limited Partner formed Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Partnership") 
by the filing of the Certificate of Limited Partnership with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State 
of Delaware on January 8th, 2018. 
WHEREAS, on the date hereof, the General Partner desires to admit additional persons to the 
Partnership as Limited Partners and the Initial Limited Partner desires to withdraw from the Partnership; 
and 
WHEREAS, in connection with such admissions and withdrawal, the parties desire to amend and 
restate the Initial Agreement. 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby amend and restate the Initial Agreement to read in its 
entirety as follows: 
ARTICLE 1- DEFINITIONS 
DEFINITIONS. 
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings assigned to them in 
Appendix I hereto. As used herein, the term "Partner" shall also include, as applicable in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, any Persons for whom an Approved Agent is recorded on the books and records 
of the Partnership as nominee or agent, notwithstanding that such Partner is not recorded on the books 
and records. 
ARTICLE 2 - ORGANIZATION; POWERS 
2.1 
CONTINUATION OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. 
The Partners agree to continue the Partnership subject to the terms of this Agreement in accordance with 
the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as amended from time to time (the "Delaware 
Act"), and the Initial Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety by its deletion and 
replacement by this Agreement. The Initial Limited Partner hereby withdraws from the Partnership 
simultaneously with the admission of the first additional Limited Partner, and none of the Partners shall 
have any claim against the Initial Limited Partner as such. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Restated limit 
Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039588 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185753 
EFTA01354951

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354952.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354952.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
2.2 
NAME; OFFICES. 
The name of the Partnership is "Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P.' The 
Partnership shall have the exclusive right to use such name as long as the Partnership continues. The 
name of the Partnership may be changed at any time by the General Partner without the consent or 
approval of the Limited Partners. The principal office of the Partnership shall be located initially at do 
Institutional Capital Network. Inc., 60 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10165. The initial address of the 
Partnership's registered office in Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, 
County of New Castle, and its initial registered agent at such address for service of process is The 
Corporation Trust Company. The General Partner may change the locations of the principal office and 
registered office of the Partnership to such other locations, and may change the registered agent of the 
Partnership in Delaware to such other Person, as the General Partner may specify from time to time. The 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, may cause the Partnership to open additional offices. 
2.3 
PURPOSE; POWERS. 
The principal purpose of the Partnership is to make, hold and dispose of an investment in the Underlying 
Fund and to engage in any activities incidental thereto, including holding fluids in cash or investment 
funds in short tenn investments pending utilization. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the 
Partnership may engage in any and all activities necessary, desirable or incidental to the accomplishment 
of the foregoing and any other activity that is lawful for, and shall have all of the powers available to, a 
limited partnership organized under the Delaware Act. 
The General Partner, in its discretion, may, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' 
Subscriptions to the Partnership for investment into the Underlying Fund. Such reserved commitment 
amounts may be used in accordance with 6.1.3. However, the General Partner is not required to set aside 
any such amounts and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Underlying 
Fund resulting in an over-commitment of the of the Partnership (i.e., the Partnership's commitment 
amount to the Underlying Fund, together with any expenses of the Partnership would be greater than the 
total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscription to the Partnership). 
ARTICLE 3 - PARTNERS 
3.1 
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND SUBSCRIPTIONS. 
The name, address, facsimile number, electronic mail address and Subscription of each Partner are set 
forth in the List of Partners. The General Partner shall cause the List of Partners to be revised, without 
the necessity of obtaining the consent of any other Partner, to reflect any changes in the information 
contained thereon occurring pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Each Partner shall promptly 
provide the Partnership with the information required to be set forth for such Partner on the List of 
Partners and shall thereafter promptly notify the Partnership of any change to such information. 
3.2 
STATUS OF LIMITED PARTNERS. 
3.2.1 
Limited Liability. 
No Limited Partner, in its capacity as such, shall be liable for the debts and obligations of the Partnership 
so long as such Limited Partner does not take part in the control of the business of the Partnership; 
provided, however, that each Limited Partner shall be required to pay to the Partnership (a) any unpaid 
capital contributions that such Limited Partner has agreed to make to the Partnership pursuant to 
Article 6. to the extent provided in Section 17-502(a) and (b) of the Delaware Act; (b) the amount of any 
0lendov,er Accetcc Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreaneni 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039570 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185764 
EFTA01354952

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354953.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354953.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
distribution that such Limited Partner is required to return to the Partnership pursuant to the Delaware 
Act; and (c) the unpaid balance of any other payments that such Limited Partner expressly is required to 
make to the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, 3.3.1 or 12.4, or 
pursuant to such Limited Partner's subscription agreement, if any. 
3.2.2 
Effect of Death, Dissolution or Bankruptcy. 
Upon the dcath, incompetency, bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of a Limited Partner, 
the rights and obligations of such Limited Partner under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and 
shall be binding upon, such Limited Partner's successor(s), estate or legal representative, and each such 
Person shall be treated as an assignee of such Limited Partner's interest for purposes of Article II until 
such time as such Person may be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner pursuant to that Article. 
3.2.3 
No Control of Partnership. 
Except as otherwise provided herein, no Limited Partner shall have the right or power to: (a) withdraw or 
reduce its contribution to the capital of the Partnership; (b) cause the dissolution and winding up of the 
Partnership; or (c) demand or receive property in return for its capital contributions. No Limited Partner, 
in its capacity as such, shall take any part in the control of the affairs of the Partnership, undertake any 
transactions on behalf of the Partnership, or have any power to sign for or otherwise to bind the 
Partnership. 
3.3 
ADDITIONAL LIMITED PARTNERS. 
3.3.1 
Additional Subscriptions Before Final Closing Date. 
(a) 
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, during the period from the date on which 
investors are first admitted to the Partnership (the "Initial Closing Date") through the date 
which is three (3) months following the last date on which the Underlying Fund may hold 
a closing (the -Final Closing Date"), the General Partner is authorized, but not obligated, 
to admit to the Partnership one or more additional Limited Partners (each, an "Additional 
Limited Partner") and to accept additional Subscriptions from existing Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Fund making a corresponding increase to its Subscription based on 
the admission of additional limited partners to, or increase in subscriptions by existing 
limited partners in, such Feeder Fund), who shall be deemed to be Additional Limited 
Partners to the extent of such additional Subscriptions. Each such Additional Limited 
Partner admitted to the Partnership pursuant to this 3.3.1 (including through an increase 
in its Subscription) prior to the final closing date of the Underlying Fund shall be 
required to contribute, on or after the date of its admission or the acceptance of its 
additional Subscription, in each case as determined by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion: 
the amount of the contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the 
Partnership, including any cost-of-carry or interest amount, attributable to such 
Limited Partner's new or increased Subscription, if any, if the Partnership 
makes a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund; 
(2) 
its proportionate share of all funded Partnership Expenses (excluding the 
Management Fee) and to the extent not duplicative of (1), its proportionate 
share of funded Subscriptions of Limited Partners (other than Defaulting 
Partners) admitted in prior closings, including, if applicable, in connection with 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IN (U.S.). LP. 
Amended and Ratified limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039571 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185755 
EFTA01354953

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354954.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354954.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
behalf of the Partnership, or to determine any fact or circumstance bearing upon the 
existence of the authority of the General Partner. 
(b) 
Without limiting 3.4.1, but subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the General 
Partner shall have the power on behalf and in the name of the Partnership to implement 
the objectives of the Partnership and to exercise any rights and powers the Partnership 
may possess, including without limitation, (i) the power to cause the Partnership to make 
any elections available to the Partnership under applicable tax or other laws (other than 
elections specifically prohibited by 14.6.1), and (ii) the power to determine the timing of 
when to cause the Partnership to hold and/or sell any securities, including Freely 
Tradable Securities, in its sole discretion. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, without the consent of any 
Limited Partner or other Person being required, the Partnership is hereby authorized to 
execute, deliver and perform, and the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and 
itself, as applicable, is hereby authorized to execute and deliver (i) a subscription 
agreement with each Limited Partner. (ii) an administration services agreement with the 
Administrator, (iii) the Management Agreement with the Investment Manager, (iv) any 
document in connection with opening any bank or escrow account on behalf of the 
Partnership, (v) subscription documents and other instruments necessary or appropriate in 
connection with the Partnership's investment in the Underlying Fund, (vi) any agreement 
with a custodian to hold the assets of the Partnership, (vii) any documents related to the 
disposition of the assets of the Partnership including its interest in the Underlying Fund, 
(viii) any documents related to liquidity arrangements for Partnership Interests, (ix) any 
agreement, document or other instrument contemplated by or related to any of (i) through 
(viii) above or otherwise contemplated by this Agreement and (x) any amendment of any 
such document in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The General Partner is 
hereby authorized to enter into the documents described in the preceding sentence on 
behalf of the Partnership, but such authorization shall not be deemed a restriction on the 
power of the General Partner to enter into any other documents on behalf of the 
Partnership. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, without the consent of any 
Limited Partner or other Person being required. the General Partner is hereby authorized 
to disclose nonpublic information of a Limited Partner to the Underlying Fund and the 
Partnership's accountants, attorneys and other service providers to effect, administer and 
enforce the Partnership and its Partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may be 
required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
3.4.3 
Outside Business. 
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit the rights of the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective Affiliates, including any director, officer or employee of such Person, to engage 
in or possess an interest in or provide advice to other investments, business ventures or Persons of any 
kind or description, independently or with others, similar or dissimilar to the investments or business of 
the Partnership or the Underlying Fund, including business ventures or Persons which compete, directly 
or indirectly, with the Partnership or the Underlying Fund, or from engaging in other activities for profit, 
and any of them may, in the future, engage in or provide advice to such investments, business ventures or 
Persons. Neither the Partnership nor the Limited Partners will have any rights or interests in such other 
investments, business ventures or Persons or the income or profits derived therefrom by virtue of this 
Agreement or by reason of the acquisition of Interests, and neither the General Partner, the Investment 
Glendower Accent Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039575 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185759 
EFTA01354954

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354955.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354955.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Manager, nor any of their respective Affiliates shall have any obligation to disclose to the Partnership or 
the Limited Partners such investment activities. It is specifically acknowledged in this regard that the 
Investment Manager and its Affiliates perform similar administrative and management services for 
various clients. 
3.5 
ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT VEHICLES. 
(a) 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the General Partner 
determines in good faith that for legal. tax, regulatory, accounting or other similar 
masons, it is desirable that an investment be made utilizing an alternative investment 
structure, the General Partner shall be permitted to structure the making of all or any 
portion of such investment outside the Partnership, by requiring any Partner or Partners 
to, and such Partner or Partners shall, make such investment either directly or indirectly 
in, and become a limited partner, member, stockholder or other equity owner of, one or 
more partnerships, limited liability companies, corporations or other vehicles (other than 
the Partnership) (each, an "Alternative Investment Vehicle") (i) of which the General 
Partner, an Affiliate of the General Partner or one or more of their respective partners, 
members, managers, directors or officers shall serve as general partner, manager or in a 
similar capacity and (ii) which shall invest on a parallel basis with, or in lieu of, the 
Partnership, as the case may be. Additionally, the General Partner shall be permitted to 
form more than one Alternative Investment Vehicle for the making of a single investment 
and may require that different Partners invest in different Alternative Investment 
Vehicles as the General Partner determines to be necessary• or advisable for legal, tax, 
regulatory. accounting or other similar reasons. 
(b) 
The Limited Partners and the General Partner (or its Affiliate), to the extent of their 
investment participation in an Alternative Investment Vehicle, may be required to make 
capital contributions directly to such Alternative Investment Vehicle to the same extent, 
for the same purposes and on substantially the same terms and conditions as Partners are 
required to make capital contributions to the Partnership, and such capital contributions 
shall reduce the unpaid Subscription of each Partner to the same extent that it would be 
reduced if made to the Partnership (i.e., capital contributions will be treated as if they 
were paid directly to the Partnership). The organizational documents of any such 
Alternative Investment Vehicle may be executed on behalf of Limited Partners investing 
therein by the General Partner pursuant to 14.7.1. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the economic 
provisions of this Agreement and the partnership or similar agreement or instrument 
governing each such Alternative Investment Vehicle are intended to be, and hereby shall 
be, construed in all material respects and effected in such a manner as to cause each 
Limited Partner individually, and the General Partner and its affiliated entities that may 
be utilized to effectuate this 3.5 collectively, to receive the same aggregate allocations 
and distributions, at substantially the same times, from the Partnership and the 
Alternative Investment Vehicle as they would have been entitled to receive if (i) all 
capital contributions to the Alternative Investment Vehicle were made to, and all 
distributions from the Alternative Investment Vehicle were made by, the Partnership, 
(ii) all Alternative Investment Vehicle investments in the Underlying Fund and 
Alternative Investment Vehicle short-term investments were initially acquired by, and 
were at all times held by. the Partnership. and (iii) all Alternative Investment Vehicle 
expenses (including management fees incurred or paid by any Alternative Investment 
Vehicle) were incurred and paid solely by the Partnership; provided, however, that the 
Olendoncr Accent Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039576 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185760 
EFTA01354955

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354956.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354956.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
allocations and distributions may differ as a result of taxes and other expenses paid or 
payable by the Alternative Investment Vehicle (or any entity included in such vehicle), 
and, to the extent practicable, such taxes and other expenses shall be borne by the 
Limited Partners for whose benefit the Alternative Investment Vehicle was established. 
Without limiting the foregoing, there shall be no duplication of management fees or other 
fees among the Partnership and the Alternative Investment Vehicles. In the event that a 
Limited Partner Transfers any portion of its interest hereunder in the absence of a 
corresponding Transfer of a proportionately equivalent interest of such Limited Partner in 
each other Alternative Investment Vehicle in which it is a limited partner or similar 
investor, or if any limited partner or similar investor in any Alternative Investment 
Vehicle Transfers any portion of its interest in any such entity without a corresponding 
Transfer of a proportionately equivalent interest hereunder, such corresponding 
transferred and retained interest shall continue to be subject to the provisions of this 3.5, 
unless otherwise determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion. Except as 
otherwise determined by the General Partner on or about the time of formation of the 
Alternative Investment Vehicle, any issue regarding the interpretation of how the 
Partnership and the Alternative Investment Vehicle interact shall be governed by the laws 
of the State of Delaware. 
(d) 
Any Limited Partner that defaults on its obligations to any Alternative Investment 
Vehicle in which it invests and becomes a "defaulting partner," -defaulting member" or 
similar defaulting Person under an agreement or instrument governing such Alternative 
Investment Vehicle (after giving effect to any applicable cure periods thereunder) shall 
also be a Defaulting Partner hereunder and any Limited Partner that becomes a 
Defaulting Partner of the Partnership shall also be a "defaulting partner," "defaulting 
member" or similar defaulting Person under an agreement or instrument governing such 
Alternative Investment Vehicle. 
(e) 
The economic terms of each Alternative Investment Vehicle shall be substantially the 
same in all material respects as those of the Partnership subject to any legal, tax, 
regulatory, accounting or other similar considerations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it 
is the intention of the Partners that each of the Partnership and each Alternative 
Investment Vehicle be treated as a separate entity (and not in partnership with one 
another) for United States federal and other income tax purposes. Accordingly, under no 
circumstances shall the Partnership or any Alternative Investment Vehicle: (i) guaranty or 
otherwise assume responsibility for the debts and obligations of the other; (ii) enter into 
any partnership, joint venture or similar arrangement with the other; or (iii) share 
investment profits or losses with the other (with the result that the amounts distributed to 
any Partner from any such entity shall reflect solely the contributions by and the 
allocations of profit and loss to such Partner with respect to such entity). 
(f) 
If the General Partner determines in good faith that for legal, tax, regulatory, accounting 
or other similar reasons, or to facilitate the acquisition or management of an underlying 
investment, it is desirable that an investment be made by the Partnership through one or 
more partnerships, corporations, trusts or other entities all or substantially all of the 
beneficial interests in which arc held directly or indirectly by the Partnership (an 
"Investment Subsidiary"). the General Partner shall be authorized to establish such 
Investment Subsidiary and cause the Partnership to utilize it for purposes of making one 
or more investments. In connection with such use of an Investment Subsidiary, the 
General Partner shall also be authorized, but not required, to adjust in good faith the 
provisions of this Agreement relating to (i) the allocation of Net Gain, Net Loss, 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratified limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039577 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185761 
EFTA01354956

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354957.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354957.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI26 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
The General Partner may, but shall not be obligated to, take such actions as it deems necessary and 
appropriate to mitigate, prevent or cure the adverse consequences of the assets of the Partnership 
constituting plan assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Tide I of ERISA. 
ARTICLE 5 - FEES AND EXPENSES 
5.1 
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPENSES. 
The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner and its Affiliates for all Organizational Expenses 
incurred by any of them. 
5.2 
PARTNERSHIP EXPENSES AND MANAGEMENT FEE. 
5.2.1 
Payment of Expenses. 
5.2.1.1 
General. 
Subject to 5.2.1.2, the Partnership agrees to assume and pay all operating expenses attributable to the 
Partnership's activities (collectively, "Partnership Expenses") on the terms and conditions herein set forth. 
5.2.1.2 
Investment Manager Expenses. 
The Investment Manager or its Affiliates shall bear only the following expenses: compensation of the 
employees of the Investment Manager or its Affiliates (as applicable); and the costs of providing clerical 
and related support services, office space and facilities, utilities and telephone. 
5.2.1.3 
Partnership Expenses. 
Partnership Expenses borne by the Partnership shall include, without limitation: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Partnership; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Partnership; expenses and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Partnership's books and records and preparation of the Partnership's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax reporting including under the 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of 
all governmental returns, reports and filings of the Partnership or General Partner, any costs or expenses 
in connection with the Partnership's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of 
completing subscription booklets and the Partnership's side letter, if any. with the Underlying Fund and 
any subsequent closing interest charged to the Partnership); extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Partnership; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Partnership, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in 
connection with the purchase or sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary 
investment banking, commercial banking. accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, 
administrative (including any fees and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the 
Partnership or the General Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Partnership and 
any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the 
proposed purchase or sale of securities by the Partnership that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is consummated); fees and expenses 
incurred in connection with or otherwise relating to the preparation of form documentation in respect of 
Transfers: fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement to provide additional liquidity to 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
I 
Amended and Ratified limited Partnership Agri:anent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039579 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185763 
EFTA01354957

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354958.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354958.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
To the extent any tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General Partner or the 
Partnership because of the identity or jurisdiction of a Limited Partner or the failure of the Limited 
Partner to provide any information, the economic cost of all expenses incurred by the General Partner or 
the Partnership to carry out such responsibilities, or the costs of any other expenses incurred by the 
General Partner or the Partnership that are otherwise attributable to any specific Limited Partner, shall not 
be treated as operating expenses and instead shall be charged by the General Partner, in its discretion, to 
such Limited Partner. The General Partner may hold back or offset any cash distributions payable to such 
Limited Partner to satisfy the Limited Partner's obligation under this 5.2.1.5. All amounts that the General 
Partner withholds or otherwise pays on behalf of such Limited Partner shall be treated as if such amounts 
were distributed to the Limited Partner pursuant to 7.1. 
5.2.2 
Management Fee. 
5.2.2.1 
Amount 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment Manager or a designated Affiliate 
thereof shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). 
The Partnership shall pay to the Investment Manager or a designated Affiliate thereof the aggregate 
amount of such Management Fees assessed with respect to the Limited Partners. Commencing upon the 
"Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as defined in the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund) and for each fiscal quarter thereafter through the first date on which the "investment 
period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall 
be an amount equal to the product of the Management Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner 
multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. Commencing on the first date on which the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired, through the second anniversary of 
such date, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to 
the product of the Management Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate share (based upon Subscriptions) of the Partnership's proportionate share of 
capital contributions in respect of all "Invested Capital" (as defined in the limited partnership agreement 
of the Underlying Fund) of the Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the 
Partnership, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated based on Invested Capital in 
accordance with (C) below. The -Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 0.25% per quarter); provided that 
the Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but 
is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.c., 0.1875% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner 
whose Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); 
(B) from the first date on which the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired 
until the second anniversary of such date is 0.75%per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided that 
the Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but 
is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60%per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter): and (ii) a Limited Partner 
whose Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); 
and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately 
preceding year or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited Partner's Invested 
Capital. The Investment Manager shall receive the Management Fees in accordance with the terms of the 
Management Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Management Fee amount contributed by each Limited Partner to the 
Partnership shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund the Management Fee). 
Any (i) increase in the Management Fee resulting from an increase in the aggregate Subscription of a 
Partner or (ii) the Management Fee resulting from the admission of an additional Limited Partner, shall be 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratified limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039581 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185765 
EFTA01354958

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354959.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354959.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(15) 
Except to the extent not permitted by the Delaware Act, limit or eliminate such 
Defaulting Partner's ability to vote, consent or withhold consent with respect to 
any Partnership matter; 
(16) 
Except to the extent not permitted by the Delaware Act, elect to terminate the 
interest of such Defaulting Partner, whereupon such Defaulting Partner shall 
cease to be a Limited Partner, and shall have no further interest in the 
Partnership, including any right to receive distributions of cash or property, or 
to vote on any matter (if the General Partner elects to exercise its rights under 
this clause (a), the interest of such Defaulting Partner shall be reallocated 
among all non-Defaulting Partners, pro rata based on their respective 
Subscriptions); and 
(17) 
To the extent that such Defaulting Partner's Interests are treated on a look-
through basis by the Underlying Fund, such Defaulting Partner may also be 
subject to thc remedies prescribed by thc Underlying Fund. 
(b) 
In addition to and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the 
General Partner (or its assigns) may, in its sole discretion, exercise any remedy in respect 
of the Defaulting Partner and/or the interest of the Defaulting Partner that could have 
been exercised by the General Partner if the provisions of the limited partnership 
agreement of the Underlying Fund were contained herein in their entirety, mitosis 
mutandis. In addition, in the event that a Limited Partner's default results in or 
contributes to a default by the Partnership under the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund, the General Partner may take any such actions in accordance with 
6.3.3. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the remedies set forth above shall be 
cumulative, and the use by the General Partner of one or more of them against a 
Defaulting Partner shall not preclude the use of any other such remedy. Each Limited 
Partner agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' 
fees) incurred by or on behalf of the Partnership in connection with the enforcement of 
this Agreement against such Limited Partner as a result of a default by such Limited 
Partner. 
(c) 
Upon an event of default by a Partner, if the General Partner elects to exercise its powers, 
duties or discretions with respect to such Partner under this 6.3.2, any income, profit or 
gain that otherwise would have been allocated to the Capital Account of such Defaulting 
Partner may be allocated to the Capital Accounts of all the other Partners (other than any 
other Defaulting Partner) pro rata in accordance with their respective Percentage 
Interests (calculated without giving effect to the Percentage Interest of any Defaulting 
Partner). 
(a) 
The application of the penalty provisions in this 6.3.2 shall not relieve any Defaulting 
Partner of its obligation to make all payments of its capital contributions when due. No 
course of dealing between the General Partner and any Defaulting Partner and no delay in 
exercising any right, power or remedy conferred in this 6.3.2 or existing at law or in 
equity or by statute or otherwise will operate as a waiver or otherwise prejudice any such 
right, power or remedy. 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratified limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039587 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185771 
EFTA01354959

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354960.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
As security for the payment and performance of its obligations under this Agreement (including its 
obligation to make capital contributions), each Limited Partner hereby assigns to the Partnership and the 
Partnership's assigns (including any Person to which the Partnership may assign such obligations as 
collateral for any borrowings), as a continuing security by way of first fixed charge, all of such Limited 
Partner's right, title, benefit and interest in and to such Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership. If a 
default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Partnership and the Partnership's assigns may exercise 
all the rights of a secured party under applicable law, including the power to sell or otherwise dispose of, 
for any consideration as the Partnership and the Partnership's assigns shall think frt, the whole or any part 
of such Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership. Upon request of the Partnership, and to the extent 
permitted under applicable law, each Limited Partner shall give, execute, file and record any notice, 
financing statement, continuation statement or other instrument, document or agreement that the 
Partnership or the Partnership's assigns may consider necessary or desirable to create, perfect, continue or 
validate the security interest granted hereby, or which the Partnership or the Partnership's assigns may 
consider necessary or desirable to exercise or enforce its rights hereunder with respect to such security 
interest. 
ARTICLE 7 - DISTRIBUTIONS 
7.1 
AMOUNT, TIMING AND FORM. 
7.1.1 
General. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the General Partner shall determine the amount, timing 
and form (whether in cash or in kind) of all distributions made by the Partnership. 
7.1.2 
Distribution of Proceeds of Investments. 
The Partnership shall distribute, in the manner described in this Article 7 or Article I0, as the case may 
be, all cash proceeds of its investments as promptly as practicable. Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, the General Partner in its sole discretion may cause the Partnership to retain proceeds of 
investments for any amounts necessary to create, in the General Partner's sole discretion, reserves for the 
payment of Partnership Expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under this Agreement. 
7.2 
DISCRETIONARY DISTRIBUTIONS. 
7.2.1 
General. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all distributions shall be made to and among the Partners 
pro rata in accordance with their Percentage Interests. 
The General Partner shall as necessary and in good faith adjust the amounts distributable to one or more 
Partners pursuant to this 7.2.1 to take into account (i) reserves established to pay Management Fees in 
future periods that are ultimately released or used to pay other Partnership Expenses, and (ii) other events 
or circumstances that would impact the amounts distributed to a Partner, provided that, any such 
adjustment shall, to the maximum extent possible, be intended to result in the Partners bearing the 
economic costs of the respective Management Fee attributed to them pursuant to 5.2.2.1 but otherwise 
sharing in the economic performance of the Partnership in proportion to their respective Subscriptions. 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratified limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039589 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185773 
EFTA01354960

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354961.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354961.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI26 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partners to which the related Tax Liability is attributable (and therefore shall reduce 
distributions under this Agreement to which such Partners otherwise would have been 
entitled), as determined by the General Partner in its reasonable discretion; and 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership and 
any other Indemnitee for its sham of any Tax Liability and for all claims, liabilities and 
expenses of whatever nature relating to the Partnership's or the Indemnitee's obligation 
to withhold and to pay over, or otherwise to pay, any withholding or other taxes payable 
by the Partnership or any of its Affiliates with respect to such Limited Partner or as a 
result of such Limited Partner's participation in the Partnership or as otherwise 
attributable to such Limited Partner or such Limited Partner's Interest. 
7.4.2 
Tax Liability. 
The General Partner, after consulting with the Partnership's accountants or other advisers. shall determine 
the amount, if any, of any Tax Liability attributable to any Partner. For this purpose, the General Partner 
shall be entitled to treat any Partner as ineligible for an exemption from or reduction in rate of such Tax 
Liability under a tax treaty or otherwise except to the extent that such Partner provides the General 
Partner with such written evidence as the General Partner or the relevant tax authorities may require to 
establish such Partner's entitlement to such exemption or reduction and may treat a Tax Liability as 
attributable to a Partner to the extent the Tax Liability is due to the Partner failing to provide such 
information or certifications regarding the Partner or its beneficial owners as the General Partner may 
reasonably request or as the relevant tax authorities may require. 
7.4.3 
Partnership Obligation. 
For purposes of this 7.4, any obligation to pay any amount in respect of any Tax Liability incurred by the 
General Partner with respect to income of or distributions made to any other Partner or former Partner 
shall constitute a Partnership obligation. 
7.5 
CERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS PROHIBITED. 
Anything in this Article 7 to the contrary notwithstanding, no distribution shall be made to any Partner if, 
and to the extent that, such distribution would not be permitted under Sections 17407(a) or 17-804(e) of 
the Delaware Act. 
ARTICLE 8 - CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS 
8.1 
CAPITAL ACCOUNTS. 
8.1.1 
Creation and Maintenance. 
There shall be established on the books of the Partnership a capital account for each Partner (such 
Partner's "Capital Account") that shall be: 
(a) 
Increased by (1) any capital contributions made to the Partnership by such Partner 
pursuant to this Agreement and (2) any amounts in the nature of income or gain allocated 
to such Partner pursuant to this Article 8 or Appendix II: 
Ole dower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Ratified limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039591 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00185775 
EFTA01354961

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354962.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354962.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
8.2.2 
Special Allocations of Items of Loss or Deduction. 
(a) 
Items of loss or expense shall be allocated to each Additional Limited Partner to offset 
such Partner's contribution of an interest-equivalent amount to the extent required by 
3.3.1(a)(4). 
(b) 
The Transfer Expenses, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to the transferor or 
the transferee of thc Partnership interest involved to the extent such party bears thc 
economic cost of such expenses pursuant to 11.1.8. 
(c) 
The amount of any deduction attributable to the Management Fee payable with respect to 
a particular Partner pursuant to 5.2.2.1 for a period shall be specially allocated to such 
Partner for such period. 
8.2.3 
Allocations Following a Default. 
Following the failure of a Limited Partner to make a contribution when due. allocations otherwise 
prescribed by this 8.2 shall be modified as set forth in 6.3.2, as the case may be. 
OTHER SPECIALLY ALLOCATED ITEMS. 
After giving effect to the special allocations set forth in Appendix II the following items of the 
Partnership shall be specially allocated in the manner set forth below. 
(a) 
The Partner Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to those Partners who 
made capital contributions that were used to acquire the Temporary Investments giving 
rise to such Partner Interest, in proportion to the relative amounts of their capital 
contributions that were so used. 
(b) 
The Delayed Payment Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to all Partners 
other than thc Partner liable to pay such interest in proportion to their respective 
Contributions. 
8.4 
ADMISSION OF ADDITIONAL PARTNERS. 
If any Person is admitted to the Partnership (or the Subscription of any existing Partner is increased) after 
the Initial Closing Date but on or before the Final Closing Date, subject to 3.3.1and 6.2.2, the General 
Partner shall adjust subsequent allocations of Partnership income, gain, loss and expense otherwise 
provided for in this Article 8 and Appendix II as necessary so that, after such adjustments have been made 
each Partner (other than a Defaulting Partner) shall have a Capital Account balance equal to the balance 
such Partner would have had if (a) it had been admitted to the Partnership on the Initial Closing Date with 
a Subscription equal to its Subscription immediately following such admission or increase, and (b) it had 
made all capital contributions in respect of such Subscription when originally due; provided, however. 
that the allocations othenvise required by this 8.4 shall be limited to those permitted by Section 706 of the 
Code. 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratified limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039593 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185777 
EFTA01354962

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354963.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354963.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.1.5(b) or otherwise, and on written representations from other Partners made prior to 
or contemporaneously with such proposed Transfer. The General Partner, in its sole 
discretion, may waive its right to obtain any representations otherwise required by 
11.1.5(a) or 11.1.5(b). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each transferring Limited 
Partner and transferee shall provide such forms, documentation. proof of payment or 
other certifications as reasonably required by the General Partner to determine that the 
transferring Limited Partner and the transferee have complied with Section 1446(f) of the 
Code (ignoring for this purpose Section 1446(O(4) of the Code), and any similar 
provision of state, local or non-U.S. law. Each of the transferring Limited Partner and the 
transferee shall be jointly and severally liable and shall pay and/or reimburse and hold 
harmless the Partnership and the General Partner for any taxes imposed under Section 
1446(f) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. law) as a result of 
any Transfer with respect to which such Limited Partner or transferee was a party, 
together with any related costs and expenses. The obligations under this provision shall 
survive the transfer or termination of an interest in the Partnership, as well as the 
termination, dissolution, liquidation and winding up of the Partnership. 
11.1.6 Other Prohibited Legal Consequences. 
No Transfer shall be permitted, and the General Partner shall withhold its consent with respect thereto, if 
it determines in good faith that such Transfer would: 
(a) 
Result in the Partnership's assets becoming "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA, 
the Plan Assets Regulation or Section 4975 of the Code; 
(b) 
Result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code; 
(c) 
Result in close to 25% or more of the aggregate interests in the Partnership or any 
Alternative Investment Vehicle (excluding interests held by any person or entity (or an 
Affiliate of any person or entity) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to 
the assets of the Partnership (other than a "benefit plan investor")) being held by "benefit 
plan investors"; 
(d) 
Result in a violation of the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
(e) 
Require the Partnership to register as an investment company under the Investment 
Company Act; 
(f) 
Require the General Partner or any of its Affiliates to register as an investment adviser 
under the Advisers Act if it or they are not already so registered; 
Result in the Partnership being classified for United States federal income tax purposes as 
an association taxable as a corporation; 
(g) 
(h) 
Result in the Partnership being considered to be a "publicly traded partnership" under 
Section 7704 of the Code: 
Result in a breach of the terms of the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying 
Fund: or 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratified limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039597 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185781 
EFTA01354963

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354964.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(j) 
Result in any interest in the Partnership being held by a transferee that is not an 
"accredited investor" (as defined under Regulation D of the Securities Act), a "qualified 
purchaser" (as defined in the Investment Company Act) and a "qualified client" (as 
defined under the Advisers Act), except in connection with the death of a Limited 
Partner. 
11.1.7 Opinion of Counsel. 
My Transfer otherwise permitted hereunder will be made only upon receipt by the Partnership of a 
written opinion of counsel for the Partnership, or of other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the General 
Partner, in form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, as to compliance with 11.1.6 and such 
other legal matters as the General Partner reasonably may request. The General Partner may waive, in 
whole or in part, the requirement of an opinion pursuant to this 11.1.7. 
11.1.8 Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses. 
My transferring Partner and such Partner's transferee, jointly and severally, shall be required to 
reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the General Partner, for any expenses reasonably incurred by 
the Partnership in connection with such Transfer, including the costs of seeking and obtaining the legal 
opinion required by 11.1.7 and any other legal, accounting and miscellaneous expenses ("Transfer 
Expenses"), whether or not such Transfer is consummated. The minimum Transfer Expenses for any 
Transfer shall be $5,000. At its election, and in any event if the transferor has not reimbursed the 
Partnership for any Transfer Expenses incurred by the Partnership in preparing for or consummating a 
proposed or completed Transfer within ten (10) days after the General Partner has delivered to such 
Partner written demand for payment, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, seek reimbursement 
from either the transferor or the transferee of such interest. If either the transferor or the transferee does 
not reimburse the Partnership for such Transfer Expenses within a reasonable time, the General Partner 
may reduce any distribution otherwise payable to either the transferor or the transferee by the amount of 
such Transfer Expenses or reduce the Capital Account of either the transferor or the transferee pursuant to 
6.3.2. The amount of any such reduction in the amount of any distribution that otherwise would have 
been made to either the transferor or the transferee shall be treated as having been distributed to such 
transferor or transferee. 
11.2 
ADMISSION OF SUBSTITUTED LIMITED PARTNERS. 
11.2.1 General. 
Any transferee of a Partnership interest transferred in accordance with the provisions of this Article 11 
shall be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner only with the General Partner's written consent, which 
consent may be withheld for any reason or for no reason. Without the written consent of the General 
Partner to such substitution and the written opinion of counsel required by 11.1.7 (or waiver thereof by 
the General Partner), no transferee of a Partnership interest shall be admitted as a Limited Partner. 
11.2.2 Effect of Admission. 
The transferee of an interest in the Partnership transferred pursuant to this Article 11 that is admitted to 
the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner shall succeed to the rights and liabilities of the transferor 
Limited Partner with respect to such interest and, after the effective date of such admission, the 
Subscription, Contribution and Capital Account of the transferor shall become the Subscription, 
Contribution and Capital Account of the transferee, to the extent of the interest transferred. If a transferee 
is not admitted to the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner, (a) such transferee shall have no right 
Ole denier Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratified limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039598 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185782 
EFTA01354964

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354965.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354965.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.7 
LOOK-THROUGH TREATMENT. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, apply any provision of this Agreement to the limited partners of a Feeder Fund on a look-
through basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 12 - EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 
12.1 
EXCULPATION. 
12.1.1 General. 
No Covered Person, whether or not such Person remains a Covered Person, shall be liable to the 
Partnership or any Partner for any loss suffered by the Partnership or any Partner which arises out of any 
investment or any other action or omission of such Covered Person if (a) such Covered Person acted in 
good faith, (b) such conduct did not constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct and (c) with respect 
to any criminal action or proceeding, such Covered Person had no reasonable cause to believe that his or 
her conduct was unlawful. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that, 
at law or in equity, a Partner has duties (including fiduciary• duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the 
Partnership, any Partner or any other Person that is bound by this Agreement, such Partner acting under 
this Agreement shall not be liable to the Partnership, any Partner or any other Person bound by this 
Agreement for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement, and the provisions of this 
Agreement, to the extent that they restrict or eliminate the duties (including fiduciary duties) and 
liabilities (by specifying a duty of care or otherwise) of a Partner otherwise existing at law or in equity, 
are agreed by each Partner to replace such duties and liabilities. For purposes of this Article 12, (i) 
"Covered Person" shall mean the Investment Manager, the General Partner (including without limitation 
the General Partner acting as Tax Matters Partner, Partnership Representative or as liquidator), the 
members of the General Partner, the respective officers, directors, managers, members or partners, of the 
Investment Manager or General Partner, each partner, member, stockholder, officer, director, manager, 
employee. agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, and the Administrator, and (ii) the General Partner 
shall be responsible for determining in its sole discretion if clauses (a), (b) and (c) of the first sentence of 
this 12.1.1 were satisfied. 
12.1.2 Activities of Others. 
No Covered Person shall be liable for the negligence, whether by action or omission, dishonesty or bad 
faith of any employee, broker or other agent of the Partnership selected by any Covered Person with 
reasonable care. 
12.13 Liquidator. 
No Person other than the General Partner that serves as liquidator pursuant to Article 10 shall be liable to 
the Partnership or any Partner for any loss suffered by the Partnership or any Partner which arises out of 
any action or omission of such Person, provided that such Person acted in good faith and, with respect to 
any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that such Person's conduct was 
unlawful. 
12.1.4 Advice of Experts. 
No Covered Person and no Person serving as liquidator shall be liable to the Partnership or any Partner 
with respect to any action or omission taken or suffered by any of them in good faith if such action or 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratified limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SONY-0039600 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185704 
EFTA01354965

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354966.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354966.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI26 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
omission is taken or suffered in reliance upon and in accordance with the opinion or advice of legal 
counsel (as to matters of law), or of accountants (as to matters of accounting), or of investment bankers, 
accounting firms, or other appraisers (as to matters of valuation), provided that any such professional or 
finn is selected by any such Person with reasonable cam. 
12.2 
INDEMNIFICATION. 
12.2.1 General. 
The Covered Persons, each liquidator and each partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, manager, 
trustcc, employee, agent and Affiliate of any of the foregoing (each, an ""Indemnitee") shall be 
indemnified (whether or not the Indemnitee continues to serve in such capacity at the time such action, 
suit or proceeding is brought or threatened), subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, by the 
Partnership (out of Partnership assets, including unpaid Subscriptions, the proceeds of liability insurance 
and as set forth in 12.4) against any claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense 
(including legal and accounting fees and expenses, costs of investigations and sums paid in settlement), 
judgment and/or liability of any kind or nature, whatsoever or however arising incurred by or imposed 
upon the Indemnitee in connection with any action, suit or proceeding (including any proceeding before 
any administrative or legislative body or agency), to which the Indemnitee may be made a party or 
otherwise involved or with which the Indemnitee shall be threatened, by reason of the Indemnitee's being 
at the time the cause of action arose or thereafter, a Covered Person, a liquidator, a partner, member, 
stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, or a 
partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, manager. trustee, employee, consultant or agent of any 
other organization in which the Partnership owns or has owned an interest or of which the Partnership is 
or was a creditor, which other organization the Indemnitee serves or has served as a partner, member. 
stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, consultant or agent at the request of the 
Partnership, or by reason of actions or omissions taken or suffered in any such capacity. 
12.2.2 Limitation on Indemnification. 
An Indemnitee shall not be indemnified with respect to matters as to which the Indemnitee shall have 
been finally adjudicated in any such action, suit or proceeding (a) to have acted in bad faith or to have 
acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct, or (b) with respect to any criminal action or 
proceeding, to have had reasonable cause to believe that such Person's conduct was unlawful. 
12.2.3 Advance Payment of Expenses. 
The Partnership may. in the General Partner's sole discretion, pay the expenses incurred by an Indemnitee 
in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with claims arising in connection 
with any potential or threatened action, suit or proceeding, in advance of the final disposition of such 
action, suit or proceeding, upon (a) the assignment by such Indemnitee of any and all rights that the 
Indemnitee may have to seek indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such action, 
suit or proceeding, and (b) the execution of a written agreement between the Partnership and the 
Indemnitee reflecting that, as a result of the advancement of such expenses, the Partnership is subrogated 
to the Indemnitee's rights to pursue a claim for indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with 
respect to such action, suit or proceeding, and (c) the receipt of an undertaking by such Indemnitee to 
repay such payment if the Indemnitee shall be determined to be not entitled to indemnification for such 
expenses pursuant to this Article 12.2 (whether by virtue of such person's conduct, the receipt of a 
corresponding indemnification payment from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such matter, or 
otherwise); provided, however, that in such instance the Indemnitee is not defending an actual or 
threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding against the Indemnitee by the General Partner directly or 
Ole dower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Ratified limited Partnership Agri:anent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039601 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00185785 
EFTA01354966

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354967.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
indirectly through the Partnership (or by the Indemnitee against the Partnership and/or the General 
Partner). 
12.2.4 Insurance. 
At its election, the General Partner may cause the Partnership to purchase and maintain insurance, at the 
expense of the Partnership and to the extent available, for the protection of any Indemnitee or potential 
Indemnitee against any liability incurred in any capacity which results in such Person being an 
Indemnitee (provided that such Person is serving or has served in such capacity at the request of the 
Partnership or the General Partner), whether or not the Partnership has the power to indemnify such 
Person against such liability. The General Partner may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of and 
at the expense of the Partnership for the protection of any officer, director, manager, employee or other 
agent of any other organization in which the Partnership owns an interest or of which the Partnership is a 
creditor against similar liabilities, whether or not the Partnership has the power to indemnify any Person 
against such liabilities. 
12.2.5 Successors. 
The foregoing right of indemnification shall inure to the benefit of the executors, administrators, personal 
representatives, successors or assigns of each such Indemnitee. 
12.2.6 Rights to Indemnification from Other Sources. 
12.2.6.1 
Indemnification from Other Sources. 
The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred in this 12.2 shall not be exclusive 
and shall be in addition to any rights to which any Indemnitee may otherwise be entitled or hereafter 
acquire under any law, statute, rule, regulation, charter document, by-law, contract or agreement. 
12.2.6.2 
Priority of ndemnity Obligations. 
If an Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification in respect of the same claim, demand, controversy, dispute, 
cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability from the Partnership 
pursuant to this Article 12 and from one or more Third-Party Indemnifiers (or their insurance providers, 
as applicable), then the Partnership shall make indemnification payments to such Indemnitee under this 
12.2 with respect to such claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including 
attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability only to the extent that (i) the amount of indemnification 
payments that the Partnership would otherwise be required to make under this 12.2 in the absence of such 
right to indemnification from such Third-Party Indemnifiers exceeds (ii) the aggregate amount of 
indemnification payments actually received by such Indemnitee with respect to such claim, demand, 
controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability 
from such Third-Party Indemnifiers. Solely for purposes of clarification, and without expanding the 
scope of indemnification pursuant to this 12.2, the Partners hereby expressly intend that the provisions of 
this 12.2.6.2 shall be interpreted to reflect an ordering of liability for potentially overlapping or 
duplicative indemnification payments to an Indemnitee, with any applicable Third-Part• Indemnifiers 
having primary liability, the Partnership having only secondary liability, and the General Partner having 
only tertiary liability. In the event the Partnership makes any indemnification payments to an Indemnitee 
with respect to a claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' 
fees), judgment and/or liability, the Partnership shall be, automatically and without the need for any 
further action on the part of any Person, subrogated to the Indemnitee's rights to pursue a claim for 
indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such claim, demand, controversy, dispute, 
Olendovier Accent Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Restated limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039602 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00165786 
EFTA01354967

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0022__EFTA01354968.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0022
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01354968.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Advisers Act) of any management agreement or other similar agreement, or (ii) any approvals required 
under the Advisers Act, including approvals required under Section 206(3) thereof) may be obtained by 
the General Partner sending notice to the Limited Partners of the requested consent or approval and 
instructing the Limited Partners who object to such consent or approval to notify the General Partner of 
their objection in writing within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request. In such case, 
Limited Partners who have not so objected to a proposed consent or approval request 
be deemed to 
have consented to or approved any such request. 
13.2 
VOTING AND CONSENTS. 
Whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a specified percentage in interest of the 
Limited Partners, such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon the written vote or written consent 
of those Limited Partners whose Contributions represent the specified percentage of the aggregate 
Contributions of all Limited Partners at the time (including any negative consents pursuant to 13.1.5). 
Similarly, whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a specified percentage in interest 
of a specified class or group of Limited Partners such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon the 
written vote or written consent of those Limited Partners of such class or group whose Contributions 
represent the specified percentage of the aggregate Contributions of all Limited Partners of such class or 
group at the time (including any negative consents pursuant to 13.1.5). For these purposes, a 
majority-in-interest shall mean a percentage in interest in excess of 50%, and Non-Voting Interests, if 
any, shall not be taken into account. Any limited partner interest held by the General Partner or any 
Defaulting Partner shall be deemed a Non-Voting Interest. For the avoidance of doubt, the General 
Partner intends to cause the Partnership to vote its interest in the Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
ARTICLE 14 - ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
14.1 
KEEPING OF ACCOUNTS AND RECORDS; CERTIFICATE OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. 
14.1.1 Accounts and Records. 
(a) 
At all times the General Partner shall cause to be kept proper and complete books of 
account, in which shall be entered fully and accurately the transactions of the Partnership. 
Such books of account shall be kept on the accrual method of accounting. The General 
Partner shall also maintain: (I) an executed copy of this Agreement (and any 
amendments hereto) as may be in effect from time to time; (2) the Certificate of Limited 
Partnership of the Partnership (and any amendments thereto) as may be in effect from 
time to time; (3) executed copies of any powers of attorney pursuant to which any 
document described in clause (I) or (2) has been executed by the Partnership; (4) the List 
of Partners; (5) copies of all tax returns filed by the Partnership for each of the prior three 
years; and (6) all financial statements of the Partnership for each of the prior three years. 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner shall be entitled to receive a copy of the signature page to this 
Agreement signed by such Limited Partner, and relevant information regarding. such 
Limited Partner, but, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall not otherwise be entitled 
to receive or have access to the signature pages to this Agreement. In addition, the 
General Partner shall have the right in its discretion to keep confidential from the Limited 
Partners, for such period of time as the General Partner deems appropriate, any 
information which the General Partner reasonably believes to be in the nature of trade 
secrets or other information the disclosure of which the General Partner in good faith 
believes is not in the best interest of the Partnership or its business or any Limited 
Otendoner Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratified limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0039605 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00165789 
EFTA01354968
